===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences First Quarter 2025 Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If you require operator assistance during the conference, as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce you to your host, Mark Wilterding, Senior Vice President Global Finance. Thank you, Mark. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Alicia, and thank you everyone for joining us this afternoon. Joining me on today's call is our CEO, Bernard Zovighian, and our CFO, Scott Ullem. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call will be Larry Wood, our Global Head Global Group President of TAVR and Surgical, Daveen Chopra, our Global Leader of TMTT, and Wayne Markowitz, our Global Leader of Surgical. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released first quarter 2025 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remainder of time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences can be found in today's press release and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. Edwards' guidance reflects its current estimates of the impact from tariffs that are in effect or have been announced as of the time of this press release and assume such tariffs remain in place for the remainder of 2025. Any modification to such tariffs or new tariffs could have a material impact on the company's future financial results and guidance. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to constant currency sales growth, which is defined in the quarterly results press release issued earlier today. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call are also included in today's press release. Quarterly and full-year growth rates refer to continuing operations and do not include discontinued operations. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bernard for his comments.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Mark. Welcome everyone, and I am pleased that confidence total company sales grew 8% to $1.041 billion in the first quarter, reflecting the benefits of our broad and differentiated portfolio of therapies to treat patients with structural heart disease. The many milestones achieved in Q1 are the result of our focused strategy and our decades of unwavering dedication to driving breakthrough innovation in pioneering and leading categories. Collectively, these milestones mark the significant progress we have made to unlock this large and growing opportunity to transform care for millions of structural heart patients around the world. I'd like to thank our 16,000 global employees for their many contributions to advancing patient care. TAVR growth in the quarter was better than expected, as clinicians continue to adopt our best-in-class SAPN technology. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, we continue to believe that the results of an early TAVR trial represent a multiyear growth opportunity that will begin with the expected indication approval in the second quarter and expand with the evolution of policy and guideline changes in the US and globally. And in late 2026, we look forward to the presentation of the results of a groundbreaking progress trial, which has the potential to further expand the therapy to many new patients with moderate AS. I am proud of our commitment to TAVR innovation and high-quality science that is increasing the access to treatment options for all AS patients. We continue to be pleased with TMTT's strong momentum reflecting our portfolio of differentiated repair and replacement technologies, and we are raising our 2025 TMTT sales guidance range to $530 to $550 million. As a reminder, our successful TMTT strategy positions us to become the first to develop and launch a transcatheter tricuspid valve with Evoque in 2024. Today, I am also very proud of the recent approval of our SAPIEN M3 in Europe, the world's first transcatheter mitral valve replacement system, which will benefit many patients with mitral regurgitation who have limited treatment options. This breakthrough technology demonstrates our team's long-term and steadfast commitment to solving large unmet patient needs. And with Evoque, M3, and Pascal, we are uniquely positioned to meet the broad and diverse needs of patients with tricuspid and mitral valve diseases. In surgical, our category-leading business continues to benefit from increasing adoption of our premium Resilia portfolio, Inspiris, Mitris, and Connect. Edwards continues to invest in surgical innovation and evidence as we expand access to our therapies globally. Last week, at the Heart Valve Society meeting, ATF data were presented, demonstrating the excellent durability of the company's novel Resilia tissue, which is used in a wide range of Edwards surgical platforms as well as SAPIEN 3 Ultra Resilia. The results represent the longest follow-up study on the durability of valves, which highlights our dedication to pioneering unique innovation. With patients of all ages living longer and seeking higher quality of life, the importance of lifetime management has never been greater. We also continue to make steady progress advancing our portfolio of emerging opportunities, which we discussed at our investor conference in December. Our team continues to build capabilities to reach the millions of patients around the world who suffer from structural heart failure. And in aortic regurgitation, we are enrolling patients in JOURNEY, the pivotal trial for the Edwards JVAS AR system. Turning to our 2025 financial outlook, we are confident in our full-year total company sales growth guidance of 8% to 10%, and we have plans in place to offset the estimated impact of currently announced tariffs and the estimated dilution from the Yenovale acquisition, which we are planning to close midyear. As a result of our plans, we are in a position to deliver on our original EPS guidance of $2.40 to $2.50. Our priorities continue to be serving the patients who count on us and maintaining the highest level of service and support to our physician partners around the world. Looking ahead to 2026 and beyond, Edwards is positioned to transform care for the many structural heart patients in need. We are confident that our strategic focus, unique innovation strategy, and exceptional work of our employees around the world will deliver significant value to patients, the healthcare ecosystem, and shareholders. Now I will provide some additional detail by product group for Q1. In TAVR, our first quarter global sales of $1.05 billion increased 5.4% over the prior year or 6.5% when adjusted for billing days, which was a little higher than expected. Growth was comparable in the US and OUS, and while strong competitive position and pricing remain stable globally, with some regional variability. I am proud of our team's commitment to leading with science supported by a decade of clinical research that set the standard for quality evidence and physician decision-making. This significant body of high-quality science from rigorous FDA trials underscores the excellent clinical outcomes delivered by Edwards' premium SAPIEN technology. Last month, at the American College of Cardiology Conference, new clinical data from the early TAVR trials studying patients with asymptomatic severe AS were released. The data highlighted that delaying aortic valve replacement in this patient population was associated with worse outcomes. Additionally, a new study using cardiac biomarkers revealed the rapid and unpredictable progression of the disease. Both studies underscore the need for urgent referrals for treatment evaluation for severe AS patients, regardless of symptoms. Also, at ACC, new groundbreaking data from the DETECT AS study were presented. DETECT AS is the first randomized trial evaluating the impact of physician notification or echo alert for their patients with severe AS that meet treatment guidelines. The study found that these echo alerts increased both treatment and survival rates for patients with severe AS. In the US, our leading SAPIEN 3 Ultra Resilia platform continues to demonstrate strong performance. We are advancing initiatives to help hospitals treat structural heart patients efficiently and manage increasing procedure volumes. We are encouraged by hospitals that have demonstrated the ability to scale to accommodate positive growth. We are encouraged by discussions with key clinicians on the long-term impact of early TAVR data to streamline patient care. In addition, we expect asymptomatic indication approval in the second quarter. Outside of the US, we continue to focus on the value of our differentiated technology and increasing therapy adoption, especially in areas where TAVR remains underutilized and many patients go without care. In the first quarter, sales growth was supported by the continued expansion of SAPIEN 3 Ultra Resilia in Europe. SAPIEN 3 Ultra Resilia continues to deliver exceptional clinical outcomes and reinforce the differentiation of this best-in-class platform. In Japan, we continue to face a weaker procedure growth environment and competitive pressure. We remain dedicated to addressing the significant undertreatment of AS among the substantial elderly population in Japan. In summary for TAVR, we are maintaining our full-year sales growth guidance of 5% to 7%. Long-term, we are enthusiastic about the durable mid to high single-digit growth opportunity in TAVR, supported by the upcoming early TAVR indication approval and guideline and policy changes, and the potential to serve patients with moderate AS. Turning to TMTT, our unique and increasingly differentiated portfolio drove another quarter of impressive growth, with a meaningful contribution to overall company performance. We are pleased with first-quarter sales of $150 million, representing growth of about 60%, and led by increased adoption and balanced contribution from Pascal and Evoque in the US, Europe, and globally. We continue to see strong share adoption and expansion across both mitral and tricuspid. Globally, mitral tier procedures continue to grow double digits, and the developing tricuspid opportunity is growing even faster across both repair and replacement. Pascal continues to demonstrate its value for patient care. Its differentiated features are driving distinguished clinical outcomes, and adoption is increasing at both new and existing sites around the world. The Evoque commercial launch is progressing well in the US and Europe, with continuing excellent patient outcomes. At the end of March, we were pleased to see the finalization of the NCD for transcatheter tricuspid valve replacement for patients suffering from tricuspid disease. With the new NCD, Evoque is now covered for all Medicare beneficiaries who meet the criteria outlined in the final coverage policy, expanding patient access to this important therapy. We are pleased with the recent approval of the SAPIEN M3 mitral valve replacement system in Europe. This revolutionary transcatheter-based therapy is built on the proven SAPIEN platform, which has been used in more than 8,000 procedures in the mitral position. We continue to expect that results from the ENCIRCLE pivotal trial studying M3 will be presented at the TCT conference in October of 2025. In addition, as part of our deep commitment to advancing science for patients with structural heart disease, a European post-market follow-up study is planned to continue evaluation of SAPIEN M3, following patients out to five years. As previously shared, we expect US approval of SAPIEN M3 to follow in 2026. The launch plan for SAPIEN M3 in Europe is focused on creating a new category as we have done many times before and achieving excellent patient outcomes. With our decades of experience, we are uniquely positioned to bring SAPIEN M3 to the many patients in need across Europe. We will work with all stakeholders to ensure patient access to this novel therapy, providing physician training and working with policymakers to establish proper therapy coverage. Edwards is the only company that offers a transcatheter portfolio that includes both replacement and repair treatment options for both the mitral and tricuspid valve, meeting the complex needs of underserved patients. We are committed to bringing this portfolio to patients in need around the world and expect meaningful impact from these advanced therapies in 2026 and beyond. In our surgical product group, first-quarter global sales of $251 million increased 3% over the prior year. We continue to see positive procedure growth globally for the many patients best treated with Edwards' premium portfolio, including Mitris, Inspiris, and Connect. We continue to generate high-quality evidence on our Resilia Tissue technology. As shown in the eight-year data presented at the recent Heart Valve Society meeting, Resilia tissue valves had significantly improved freedom from structural valve deterioration and freedom from reoperation compared to non-Resilia valves. Also in the quarter, our surgical team made progress advancing important innovation around the world. Mitris launched in China with positive surgeon feedback, and we anticipate receiving CE Mark approval for the Connect aortic valve conduit in Europe before year-end. And now Scott will cover a detail of the company financial performance.
Scott Ullem: Great. Thanks a lot, Bernard. As Bernard mentioned, we are pleased with our first-quarter total company sales performance and progress on our strategic milestones, which gives us confidence in our full-year outlook. We are raising our original sales guidance range for TMTT to $530 to $550 million, driven by more favorable foreign exchange and continued business momentum. Total company, TAVR, and surgical sales growth guidance ranges remain unchanged, but the company is increasing our original total company sales dollar guidance range by $100 million to account for recent movement in FX rates. Edwards now expects total company sales of $5.7 to $6.1 billion in 2025. So now I'll cover additional details of our Q1 results starting with earnings per share. We generated adjusted EPS of $0.64 in the quarter, with solid operating performance. Our GAAP EPS for the quarter was $0.62. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP measures, including adjusted EPS and other items, is included with today's release. Moving on to other elements of the P&L. For the first quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 78.7%, compared to 78.5% in the same period last year. We are maintaining our full-year 78% to 79% gross margin guidance at this stage. However, we do expect some pressure from the weakening dollar, the impact of announced tariffs, and the expected close of the Yenovale acquisition. Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the quarter were $466 million or 33% of sales, which was better than our expectation for the quarter driven by lower sequential spending and deferral of certain strategic investments originally planned for Q1. Research and development expense of $255 million in the first quarter was equivalent to 18% of sales, a reduction from 19.6% of sales in the previous quarter. This lower ratio of spending reflects the company's prioritized investments in our structural heart portfolio in areas where we believe there are significant opportunities for breakthrough innovation and profitable growth. Adjusted operating profit margin in the first quarter of 29.1% was driven by better-than-expected sales and favorable mix, as well as some variable expenses delayed beyond Q1. We expect pressure on our operating margin as a result of the weakening dollar, the impact of announced tariffs, and the expected midyear close of the Yenovale acquisition. However, we are implementing plans to mitigate these anticipated costs, and we maintain our full-year operating margin guidance of 27% to 28% and our EPS guidance of $2.40 to $2.50. We continue to expect our 2025 tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 15% and 18%. Foreign exchange rates decreased first-quarter reported sales growth by 170 basis points or $22 million compared to the prior year. FX rates positively impacted our first-quarter gross profit margin by 40 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our February guidance, FX rates had a nominal impact on first-quarter earnings per share. At current rates, we now estimate no impact from foreign exchange on reported sales in 2025 relative to 2024, versus our investor conference guidance of a $100 million reduction. As a reminder, our hedging strategy is designed to mitigate the impact of foreign currency fluctuation on the original EPS guidance we provided in December. Turning to the balance sheet, we continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $3 billion in cash and cash equivalents as of the end of the quarter. During the first quarter, the company entered into an ASR agreement and repurchased stock through a pre-established plan totaling $300 million. Edwards has approximately $1 billion remaining under our share repurchase authorization. Average diluted shares outstanding during the quarter were 588 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2025 to be between 585 to 595 million. So I'll finish with one final guidance comment. For the second quarter, we're projecting sales of $1.45 to $1.53 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $0.59 to $0.65. And with that, I'll pass it back to Bernard.
Bernard Zovighian: Hey. Thanks, Scott. Before I close you, like, this afternoon, I want to take a moment to acknowledge an important milestone for our company. It was 25 years ago this month that we rang the bell at the New York Stock Exchange and officially began our journey as Edwards Lifesciences. Since then, we have transformed care for millions of structural heart patients around the world, solving large and complex patient needs and pioneering therapeutic categories. And our future is bright. Our foundation remains strong, and we will continue to bring new innovation to the many structural heart patients in need around the world. With that, I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Bernard. We are ready to take your questions. As a reminder, please limit the number of questions plus one follow-up to allow for broad participation. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue. And management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Alicia, I'll turn it over to you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting the question and answer session. You may press star two if you would like to remove your question from the queue. One moment please while we poll for questions. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on a good start to the year here. Scott, you can probably anticipate the first question. You're maintaining the EPS guidance despite the tariffs and the Yenovale acquisition and maybe even currency. So, obviously, people would love to hear you parse out how much each of those impact 2025 and how much lower could the gross margin be relative to the guidance, and I had one follow-up.
Scott Ullem: Sure. So let's go through the three elements, Larry. Thanks for the question. On FX, you know, our hedging program is designed to mute the impact of foreign exchange changes on our EPS. So the real impact is from tariffs and the Yenovale acquisition. You know, for tariffs, it's probably about $0.05 to EPS based upon the tariffs that are already in place. And, you know, just a little color commentary on tariffs, we may not be as complex as some others because we operate just a handful of production facilities that are strategically located with our key business regions. And, you know, we also already have a lot of production in the US. And so think $0.05 associated with the 10% tariffs. Now that's just for 2025. The tariff impact is higher than that, but as you know, they get capitalized into inventory and recognized in our P&L as finished goods are sold. So the bigger impact is in 2026, but it's premature to be offering any guidance or speculation about what tariffs could look like when we get out there. For Yenovale, we think the impact is probably in the range of $0.05 to $0.10. Now keep in mind, we don't have current information. We haven't closed the deal yet. But based upon our estimates and the preliminary plans we have for integration, that's probably a good estimate.
Larry Biegelsen: That's very helpful. And a follow-up for Daveen. On tricuspid. Congratulations on the NCD for Evoque. How do you see the NCD impacting the ramp of Evoque? Thanks for taking the questions.
Daveen Chopra: Thanks, Larry. Thanks so much for the question. Right? We can't be more excited about Evoque as a new category for us. Right? It's a great product. And the NCD, as you know, was effective now in March of 2025, and this is a transcatheter tricuspid valve replacement NCD. The NCD ensures that both the standard Medicare as well as the large Medicare Advantage patient groups have access to Evoque as outlined in the final coverage policy. This coverage policy was very much in line with our expectations. So it's kind of built into our guidance this year. We love the components of this NCD, including, you know, within an FDA-approved indication under our heart team and in the context of a CED or coverage with evidence development to collect additional data on the therapy. So overall, it is in line with our expectations of 2025 being full steam with activating new sites and continuing to treat more patients with Evoque who are getting excellent outcomes. And this is the start of a great multiyear kind of growth opportunity for treating more patients.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
David Roman: Thank you. Good afternoon. I wanted just to start on the TAVR business. And maybe you could talk us through a little bit what you're seeing on the ground as it relates to either referral patterns or physician engagement post the presentation early TAVR now that we're kind of six months following TCT? And then maybe walk us through specifically what happens once you get the indication expansion approved and what the plan is to start to support market development effort and when we should see that show up in numbers, then I have a one follow-up.
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, David. Yeah. That's a great question. Well, first of all, I think the dataset was very, very strong that we presented at TCT. It does take physicians a little bit of time to work their way through the data and really the important nuances. We followed up those, the TCT with a very strong deep dive at ACC, and there were a few things that came out of that. One was the unpredictable nature of these patients that have asymptomatic aortic stenosis. I think one of the things that a lot of people have been utilizing and have been focused on is the use of biomarkers. And the thought being that biomarkers would be predictive would help physicians understand what asymptomatic patients they should refer and what patients they could safely wait on. And I think the surprising data that came out at ACC said the biomarkers were actually not predictive. They did not predict which patients had more serious events versus which patients just had a progression to more mild symptoms. So I think it just really stresses that these patients need to get referred. They need to get worked up by the heart team. And we've continued to work with the clinical community and our physicians to make sure we amplify that message. But, of course, you know, all we can do right now is just educate people on the publications on the data. We can't actually promote in any way, shape, or form treating patients who are truly asymptomatic because we don't have the indication yet. We do expect that to come before midyear, so we're on track for that. And the minute we get the indication approval, we have, you know, a very detailed education plan. We can then begin reaching out to the referral base and doing all of the other things that we want to do to help amplify this message. But, you know, again, we expect the approval to happen in Q2.
David Roman: Got it. Thanks for the detail there. And then on the TMTT side, you kind of look twelve to twenty-four months forward, I believe you'll have tricuspid repair and replacement, mitral repair and replacement available US and OUS. So can you maybe help us just think about market segmentation a little bit in that category? How should we think about mix between repair and replacement today and going forward? And whether this category is more of a sort of, quote, toolbox approach for physicians or you think it converts to a one size fits all, be it in mitral or tricuspid?
Bernard Zovighian: You know, thanks, David. You know, let me start, and then I will ask Daveen to add, you know, some additional details. You know, I want to start, you know, where we were, you know, a few years ago. You know, we knew that a tier technology and repair technology was not going to be sufficient to unlock and have a full potential of a mitral and tricuspid space. So it is why, you know, we went in with the toolbox. And, you know, we brought, you know, first, you know, Pascal, you know, highly differentiated. And you have seen, you know, the kind of impact, you know, we are having on patients with Pascal. But we know that, you know, many patients cannot be treated with tier. So, therefore, you know, we launched, we were the first to launch, you know, Evoque, which is going very well, and we see we are treating, you know, more patients than just, you know, tier patients, tricuspid patients with Evoque. Here, we then free to, you know, it's the beginning of a sad journey here. It is going to take us multiple years to train physicians, expand. So to give you a sense about segmentation, right now, it is a little bit early, but Daveen is very close to that. So maybe I ask Daveen to bring some color here.
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. As Bernard said, it's hard to give the exact segmentation, but I'll try to give you at least some thoughts we have. Today in Europe now, as Bernard said, we have now repair and replacement for each mitral and tricuspid. So we believe with the two technologies together, we can treat a larger group of patients. Clearly, on the mitral side again in Europe, M3 has just gotten approved. And for SAPIEN M3, it'll be over time to really build out this category. To train physicians, to get appropriate payment, etcetera, over time. And for that, we see we remember that the M3 that this is a product that's geared toward the tier and mitral surgery, unsuitable patients. So it's for patients who don't have TIR or surgery options. So over time, we still believe TIR coming years will be the largest part, and then eventually over time, mitral replacement will continue to grow in its treatment of people offering that new option. In tricuspid in Europe, again, it's a little different, sir, in the US than the US where tricuspid TIR has been around for many years. And now, the new category of Evoque has been recently created in Europe. Where we're now adding more patients to the pool who are both tricuspid surgery and tricuspid TIR ineligible. So now we're adding new patients who don't have an option in producing these amazing results. So that's how we see the European market progressing this couple of years. The US will have a little bit different dynamics, but you'll still see that because TIR has been very well established in the mitral space, we see mitral replacement as an additive therapy bringing patients off the sideline and offering a solution that they didn't have before. In the tricuspid space, as you know, both repair and replacement entered the US market at similar times. So the clinical community right now is learning together about, here, which is the best repair patient and which is the best replacement patient. We've seen from experience in Europe so far that having a repair and a replacement solution is really important for treating the maximum number of patients. But the exact ratio we're gonna figure that out together with clinicians in the coming years.
David Roman: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Travis Steed with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Travis Steed: Hey. Congrats on the quarter. First question I wanted to ask on TAVR, capacity constraints and the potential for the TAVR NCD to loosen some of the requirements or potentially broaden some of the number of centers available to treat. That's some of the ways that some of the capacity constraints can be eased over time.
Bernard Zovighian: Sure. Thanks for the question. Yeah. You know, we certainly feel if, you know, it's the time to reopen the NCD. We think there's a number of things that need to be updated. You know, the first is the NCD needs to specifically cover asymptomatic patients just to ensure national coverage is standardized for all the patients that need that therapy. I think the second thing is we know that adding hospitals that could offer this therapy would improve care and give more people access. And I think that's, you know, another important element. In terms of more broadly on capacity, I think some of the acute capacity issues that we dealt with last year, I think we're through the worst of that. We still see centers working actively to, you know, to add capabilities. And, you know, we try to partner really closely with them. You know, we offer valve clinic coordinator training courses. So if that's the constraint, you know, we can certainly help them train their staff. Some places, you know, it's more about anesthesia, and so we can, you know, bring in experts to help them adopt conscious sedation. You know, if they're just, you know, limited to, you know, two or three cases a day, we can bring in things like our benchmark program that can allow them to do more cases in the same time and in the same footprint. So we continue to work with them. I think, you know, the reality is we have a lot of new technology. We have a lot of new indications coming. I think hospitals realize that, and I think they are investing. We've seen that. And they'll continue to do so. But the reality is they need to keep doing that because, you know, the indications, you know, right now, it's gonna be, you know, in the near term, asymptomatic, but we know we already have Evoque. We know we have M3 coming. And then, you know, we're only, you know, a year and a half away from seeing the progress data, which could be another indication expansion. So I think the hospitals are more in tune with what the requirements are gonna be on a go-forward. I think it's gonna be all those things coming together. I think it's gonna be policy. I think it's gonna be guidelines. I think it's gonna be those investments that are gonna be the long-term solutions to capacity.
Travis Steed: Great. That's helpful. And then I had a follow-up with a modeling question on Q2 TAVR. I think that's right. It's 5.8%. I'm just curious if there's any color you wanna provide on how to model Q2 TAVR in the remainder of the year in the second half. And any days benefit to kind of call out over the course of the year or the remaining portion of the year.
Scott Ullem: 5.4% growth in the first quarter. And to the midpoint of our 5% to 7% growth rate guidance for the year, you know, it tells you we need something in the 6% range for each of Q2, 3, and 4. Obviously, there are gonna be some differences. We've got some changes coming during the course of the year, including they simply Travis is in that 6% range with some expected variability quarter to quarter.
Travis Steed: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Robbie Marcus: Oh, great. Good quarter. Thanks for taking the questions. Two for me. Scott, maybe just on the EPS offsets, offsetting $0.10 to $0.15 for Edwards is a big move and really impressive. Maybe speak to sort of the undertaking you're doing to be able to offset that kind of headwind between tariffs and Yenovale dilution?
Scott Ullem: Yeah. Thanks for the question. You know, obviously, we've been anticipating the approval of Yenovale and running a bunch of scenarios in the event that we're successful getting it closed, which we think we will. Our guidance for the year did not anticipate an impact from Yenovale, but we've had plans to be able to take action when we got some confirmation and more confidence that we're gonna get it closed. So we're ready to go. We do think that spending will step up a bit in the second quarter because it was lower than what we originally had planned and expected in Q1. And that's really the reason why we ended up with $0.64 a share in EPS in the first quarter. You know, we're gonna be looking at things like investments that are planning to make that are more discretionary in 2025 that will not impact our sales guidance for this year. But at this point, we're not gonna get into a lot more of the detail about where those items are. You know, I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we're really focusing hard on prioritizing our R&D investments and really focusing on things that can drive top-line organic growth and profitable growth and earnings over the long term. We're gonna keep doing that. Again, I think we can continue to execute our focus strategy while also doing what we need to do to offset those headwinds that we're facing now in 2025.
Bernard Zovighian: So just to add on that, you know, Scott, you know, what I said, I would say it we are very pleased about, you know, the way we are starting the year. Strong Q1, you know, sales, you know, slightly better than expected. You know, EPS top end of a range. We are, you know, we have, you know, we have achieved, you know, so many milestones in Q1. You have seen, you know, all of them where we are going to be able to create, you know, new category for us. Think about, you know, a multiyear growth opportunity ahead of us, based on these, you know, new medicines. Then, you know, you know, full-year outlook, confident, 8% to 10%, raising of the TMTT guidance, and being able to offset Yenovale's dilution and basically the tariff impact. You know, we feel good about the year. We feel good about how we are running the company.
Robbie Marcus: Thank you. Great. Maybe just a quick follow-up. The TMTT guidance range, part of it's FX, part of it's underlying. You know, first quarter was good, but still pretty much in line with TheStreet. How are you thinking about the split between FX and underlying and sort of the key drivers of progression in the raised guide through the rest of the year? Thanks a lot.
Scott Ullem: Sure. I'll just confirm on FX and then pass over to Daveen to talk about just the operational performance and our outlook for the rest of the year. You know, for FX, you know, think about this $100 million benefit that we're getting through the movement in FX rates, and just spreading that across our businesses, probably about half of the increase in TMTT guidance comes from FX and the other half from operational. Then the balance of that $100 million would be spread across the other businesses. Of course, TAVR would be the biggest place for that to go. Daveen, you wanna talk about the other half of the guidance increase?
Daveen Chopra: On the operational side of things, as you can imagine, we continue to see great momentum on both Pascal as well as Evoque. So both are kind of key drivers both in Q1 and going forward as we just treat more and more patients. From maybe even I'll give you just a geography component, so it's good to look at that way as well. We see both coming from both the US and Europe. But, you know, in both these markets, Pascal continues to show its differentiation and Evoque as a new category continues to create treat new patients who don't have great outcomes. So we see continued growth happening from that side as well.
Robbie Marcus: Appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Scott, I had a couple of guidance clarifications, if you will. Maybe on the EPS guidance here, you called out the tariff headwinds in Yenovale. Are we expecting to offset, you know, that increment $0.10 to $0.15 of headwinds completely or should we be perhaps looking at the bottom half of the guidance range? Just, you know, maybe walk us through on what the offsets are.
Scott Ullem: Yeah. So it's a little premature to be more precise about where within that $2.40 to $2.50 we may fall. And the reason is because we haven't closed Yenovale yet. So part of this depends upon the timing of that close and when we start picking up some of that burn. And part of it depends upon what the integration plan looks like and what we're actually gonna execute. That's why we gave a range and that's why we think that the $2.40 to $2.50 range in EPS can accommodate different scenarios.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And maybe one on international. Japan was a little light. Maybe talk about trends within Japan.
Bernard Zovighian: Yeah. No. Thanks, Vijay, for the question. So for sure, you know, our results in the quarter and even, you know, the last quarter were, you know, less than expected, a little bit disappointing, you know, for us. But we are very optimistic about Japan. You know, what we have seen is a couple of things happening. Weaker procedure growth environment, and we need to better understand that, you know, what's happening there. And also some competitive pressure. So, you know, what we are doing is, you know, a couple of things. One is enhancing our capability in the region in Japan to accelerate market growth. One, and better position our technology. You know that when our technology is, you know, very differentiating. You know, when we bring our technology to patients, evidence demonstrates that we live longer, better quality of life, we avoid, you know, hospitalization, complication, this is the kind of value we bring. We have a good story to tell, you know, and I believe, you know, we are going to have, you know, all of the Japanese, you know, physicians responding very well, you know, to this. We are also enhancing, you know, capability in Japan to address the situation. So overall, you know, long term in Japan, see a big potential. Aging population, there is a lot of AS patients, mitral patients, tricuspid patients. So clearly an opportunity for us, an opportunity to change, you know, patient care there.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Matt Taylor: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I did want to follow-up on TMTT. I heard your comments and guess I just wanted to confirm that none of the guidance range was really around M3. And also just wanted to think about how to maybe compare and contrast the launch of the mitral replacement versus what you've seen with Evoque and tricuspid? Should we expect it to be similar and can you talk about when the European launch will start to contribute and what to expect from the US?
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. Sure. This is Daveen, Matt. I can take that question. So first, the first part of your question, yes, you're correct that we had built in M3 into our original range for the year already. And the change in guidance did not have to do with the specific CE Mark or the timing of CE Mark. We'd already kind of built it in. And as we look at this kind of therapy, we're, you know, we're beginning with a very controlled launch that's emphasis on this really high touch model that we have of supporting physicians and patients to ensure the highest quality outcome. The indication though of mitral replacement in Europe is different. It is more similar to Evoque in Europe and different than what we see Evoque in the US. Meaning, as I mentioned, mitral replacement is for patients who are unsuitable for mitral surgery or for TIR. So for that, yeah, we expect a gradual buildup. And in Europe, as you can imagine, we're drawing on our therapy and our experience and how to create categories. Because each country in Europe is very unique. There are different ways of getting incremental payment and coverage for our therapies, and we've gotta work on that one at a time, and that takes time. Additionally, we gotta train physicians, train our own team, and build it up. So we really see SAPIEN M3 in Europe being more of a gradual, long-term, important category of adding new patients with mitral disease to be treated. And, yeah, hopefully, that's helped.
Matt Taylor: That's great. And then any maybe you could just finish with the US, how that'll be different?
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. So in the US, different than Evoque in the US, as you can imagine, mitral replacement, again, the US will also have indication unsuitable for TIR and mitral surgery. So, again, these patients are already in the funnel. They might not be appropriate for surgery or TIR. They don't have any other option. And now for many of those patients, M3 will be an option. Evoque, as you know, when we launched it, had a different broader indication for people for health status improvement for people with tricuspid disease. So there's not this layer of first, are you appropriate for TIR or surgery? So with that, we would expect that the US mitral launch in general would be at a slightly slower rate probably that would be at a slower rate than we think what we saw with Evoque. But either way, we really see that the great news about this is that this technology, replacement is really complementing TIR and adding patients to allow us for that kind of multiple years of growth as we add more patients with this new treatment.
Matt Taylor: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. Please proceed.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking the question. I just want to hit pause on the early TAVR label expansion and NCD because I think there's a couple of different things that are happening here. And correct me if I'm wrong. One is the label expansion, the second one is the NCD. The NCD could expand the number of it could expand maybe something else. And I've also heard from some physicians maybe an expectation that it might eliminate the need for a cardiac surgery team in the OR. So clarify what you think may happen and then how long after all of that starts to layer on do you think, you know, procedures start to ramp? Thank you.
Bernard Zovighian: Yeah. Thanks, Joanne. You know, I think there's a multitude of developments here. First thing is the label expansion, you know, which obviously is under FDA's control. And again, we expect that to happen in Q2. So that's kind of step one. The national coverage decision, you know, that's under the purview of CMS and, you know, they'll decide, you know, when they want to reopen that and when they want to reevaluate it. And, you know, given the safety of TAVR that's been demonstrated and the national registry that we have that really confirms the outstanding results across all of the centers that we've opened. We do expect there to be an expansion in the number of centers. How many will that be? You know, that's gonna be up to how they write the policy and how that plays out. And, you know, we'll see how they decide to streamline the team and, you know, try to make the healthcare system more efficient. The third big element is guidelines, which fall under the society purview. And, you know, how do they take this data? How do they update the guidelines? So that patients with, you know, severe aortic stenosis but having yet pursued the symptoms, how do we make sure that they move through the healthcare system properly screened and they're treated in accordance with what the data suggests. And I think, you know, we're still in that education process with a lot of folks. You know, there's sometimes people think that asymptomatic patients are automatically younger patients, but what we saw in the trial is I think the average age was 76, where for our lowest trial, it was 73. So these aren't necessarily younger patients. You know, we're not necessarily treating them at a much younger age. So I think these things are all important things that we just need to keep reiterating. And again, once we have the approval, it really takes the shackles off of being able to really advance our education platform and advance our ability to promote this. But until we get the FDA approval, we're just, you know, we're just kind of at a standstill beyond what the physicians themselves, the investigators, and people do at the big medical meetings.
Joanne Wuensch: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Pito Chickering: Hey, guys. I was following up on these NCD questions. You know, our calls with the physicians that, you know, CMS is actually in sort of final discussions with the societies and health system about relaxing this NCD to, you know, to be certified to IRS centers and that this change could actually be coming, yeah, in May or in June. Is this timing something that you guys have heard as well?
Bernard Zovighian: There's no predetermined timing. You know, it opens whenever CMS decides that they want to open it, and that is completely within their purview. And no one frankly has any influence over that. It's completely within their realm of control. So anybody that provides specific timing, they're simply speculating as to when they think, you know, when they think that that could happen. So I don't have any insights beyond what I've already stated, and it's gonna be up to them. Again, we do expect that, you know, a new policy, I think we have plenty of experience with the technology now. I do think the new policy will reflect the safety that we've demonstrated. And I do expect that at some point the policy is going to reopen. And, you know, I think one of the catalysts in front of CMS is going to be the asymptomatic approval. And one of the things we've seen historically, you know, when we first got approval for SAPIEN, it was under local coverage and it did lead to some inconsistencies with how things were done. And that really drove CMS to open the NCD because they wanted to make sure that patients across all of their constituents could be treated under a national policy. So I expect that to happen again. When exactly is gonna be completely up to them. But when they do, then we get to engage them. We get to start that process and, you know, hopefully, end up with a policy that, you know, is going to allow more patients access to life-saving therapy.
Pito Chickering: Great. And then a follow-up here. Can you guys give us an update on how the demand for training for Evoque is going? And any color on how many sites have been trained and or in the process to be trained? Thanks so much.
Daveen Chopra: Oh, sure. This is Daveen again. Yeah. So first, in terms of Evoque sites, as you can imagine, I think I mentioned before, you know, we started originally at those first fifty or sixty clinical trial sites. And then from them and continuing to invest in new sites that are working with sites that are investing in tricuspid disease. So that number is a growing number. We continuously are booking our trial sites out for several months in advance. So right now, if you're interested in a trial site, it's at least a couple of months away. So it's been consistently like that where the demand from physicians to get trained has been always a little bit greater than maybe our ability to open sites just in the ramp. And this really, as you know, has to do with the value proposition where people are seeing how the elimination of TR with Evoque is really changing patients' lives and as a result, both physicians and patients are asking for the technology. And so in general, though, as you can imagine, as Larry just mentioned there, what 850 TAVR centers or so. I mean, it's a very big number. And our goal is some number of those would be great for tricuspid treatment including Evoque, and we continue each year just to keep opening and training new centers for many years to come. Just like TAVR did over the course of many years.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Nephron. Please proceed.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. The 2.6% surgical growth this quarter was the slowest we've seen from that business in a while. I know selling days had a bit of an impact. Can you just talk about your confidence in being able to sustain mid-single-digit growth in that segment, especially now that the Resilia platforms have really become dominant in many of your big markets, you don't have as much of a tailwind from mix?
Scott Ullem: Yeah, Chris. Thanks for the question there. In Q1, we did have some challenging comps when we considered it compared to the prior year when the business was growing in the high single-digit range. I think looking forward in 2025, as you heard from Bernard, you know, we're launching Mitris in China. We've got some other potential tailwinds later on this year with the approval of Connect in Europe. And so we are remaining confident in our current guidance in the mid-single-digit range for 2025.
Chris Pasquale: Great. That's helpful. And I know that this may be a bit difficult to answer given that the deal isn't closed yet, but we saw some updated data from the AlignAR trial at ACC. Continues to look solid. We're about eighteen months out now from the original data presentation. Just any help you can give us in terms of what we should expect for a regulatory pathway and approval timing for that product.
Bernard Zovighian: Yeah. Actually, we don't have anything that we can talk about on that. You know, we're sort of pencils down until the deal closes. So we don't have any direct knowledge. You know, we're not in conversation with them. Until the deal closes, you know, we're sort of on the outside looking in. So I don't have any more information than what you saw presented at ACC.
Chris Pasquale: Alright. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Wood with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Patrick Wood: Beautiful. Thank you so much, guys. I guess maybe on Pascal, doing pretty well. You know, where are we at in terms of, you know, account sort of breadth versus depth? I'm thinking, like, is the utilization sort of where you would like it to be? I'm trying to work out how wide you are versus how deep within individual accounts.
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. Sure. If you think about Pascal overall, we continue to see that this product has feature differentiation that we believe is leading to really predictable and positive outcomes for patients. And you see that in accounts who currently have access to Pascal that as they use Pascal more and more, see those great patient outcomes and then they want to use it more. And then as you can imagine, they then tell their friends through different types of programs that congresses that sites who today who don't use Pascal are interested in trying to use it. So that's how we see it spreading in both increased depth in certain centers as well as opening new centers. In terms of the number of centers, maybe specific, I'll just speak to the US. Again, I'll maybe use the generic counter. If there are 850 TAVR centers, give or take, in the US or so, our goal is to grow into many of these as many of these that make sense. But today, we're definitely in less than fewer than 50% of them. So there's still a lot of opportunity for growth. Both in new accounts as well as increasing penetration and seeing those great patient outcomes in the sites that currently use Pascal.
Patrick Wood: Excellent. That's helpful. And then very quickly, there's been a lot of sort of shuffle around with the FDA overall and people fired, rehired, that side of things. Is there any expectation from you guys that approval timelines long term could be affected or anything like that, or is this just short-term noise that we can ignore?
Bernard Zovighian: Yeah. Obviously, you know, the situation is a fluid one, and we are all, you know, watching. But so far, we don't see any change, you know, with the FDA approval timeline, response to any submission, you know, all of that. So, you know, we feel like, you know, the people at the FDA are very professional. They are very committed to the space. And we don't see any impact. And we don't believe we will see an impact. But, obviously, it is a fluid situation that we need to monitor.
Patrick Wood: Awesome. Thanks, Bernard.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, this concludes the allotted question and answer session time. I would like to pass the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So, you know, thank you everyone for your interest. You know, so beyond the strong start of the year, you know, I'm very excited about, you know, what we were able to achieve, you know, in Q1 with this, you know, very strong, you know, catalyst. If you step back and you look at them, you know, we are on track to get an early TAVR indication approval in Q2. We had an NCD for Evoque. SAPIEN M3 CE mark which, you know, basically represents the start of a new category for us. Resilia, ATA, amazing outcome. So all of that, you know, together give us, you know, confidence in what we told you in December at our investor conference. We believe we are very well positioned to transform care for the many structural heart patients. And we are continuing to target, you know, total company sales growth of 10% annually on average. So, again, very pleased about the year, the numbers, all of the catalysts. I think all of our people, 16,000 employees are doing amazing work and I want to thank them for that. Thanks for your interest in the company. And if you need any questions, do not hesitate to call Sid, Mark, Scott, or myself. Have a great rest of your day. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-11 17:00:00) =====
Mark Wilterding: [Starts Abruptly] included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences can be found in today's press release and on Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to constant currency sales growth, which is defined in the quarterly results press release issued earlier today. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are also included in today's press release. Quarterly and full year growth rates refer to continuing operations and do not include contributions from Critical Care, which was sold in Q3 of 2024 and a small noncore product group that reduces the sales of Surgical. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bernard for his comments. Bernard?
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Mark. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We have a lot to cover today, including our Q4 and full year 2024 results as well as our vision for 2025 and beyond. You will recall at the December investor conference we talked about Edward's focused strategy and our vision to solve a large complex and growing unmet patient needs in structural heart. We have a very unique strategy to create, define and build new categories, and this will position us for extended leadership and sustainable long-term growth. Now I want to reflect on the full year 2024. It was a year of strong growth and meaningful progress for Edwards as our 16,000 employees advanced life-saving structural heart technologies for patients around the world. We are pleased with our solid 2024 full year financial performance, where sales grew 9% to $5.4 billion, in line with our original total company sales growth guidance. While we got there in a different way than we originally anticipated, with TAVR growth lower than expected, we were pleased that TMTT overachieved the expectation. We continue to focus on the substantial long-term prospects for TAVR. And we expect TMTT to become an even more important contributor to Edwards' growth as our unique and broadening portfolio of technologies addresses the unmet needs of more patients. We made a number of strategic decisions to strengthen our company. In Q3, we completed the sale of Critical Care, and we took action to optimize Edwards in order to increase agility and accelerate innovation. We also invested significantly in internal research and development to augment our portfolio with new breakthrough technologies. In addition, we completed the strategic acquisition of JC Medical, JenaValve and Endotronix. These acquisitions provide an expanded opportunity in new therapeutic areas to address the unmet needs of aortic regurgitation, mitral disease and heart failure patients. Together, the strategic decision and investments reinforce our confidence in Edwards sustainable long-term growth. Turning to the fourth quarter, our first full quarter focused solely on structural heart. Total company sales grew 9%. We were pleased with our sales performance that was ahead of expectation and drove higher-than-expected earnings per share. We exited the year in a strong position with three important growth drivers, TAVR, mitral and tricuspid and two emerging opportunities, structural heart failure and AR. Our foundation fortified by our patient-focused culture is more solid than ever and the strategic decision we made in 2024 position us well for 2025 and beyond. Looking ahead to 2025, the results of early TAVR trial represent a catalyst for improved patient care that will begin to materialize after FDA approval in mid-2025 and set the stage for guideline and policy changes in the U.S. and globally, which present a multiyear growth opportunity. In TMTT, we are transforming care for the millions of patients suffering from mitral and tricuspid valve disease. We are pleased with the impressive trajectory of our business, which is now a meaningful contributor to Edward's growth. TMTT is on track to deliver over $500 million in sales in 2025. In Surgical, our category-leading business is positioned to grow consistently and expand globally, driven by increasing adoption of our premium Resilia-based technology in INSPIRIS, MITRIS, and KONECT. As you can see, 2025 is set to be another meaningful year for Edwards with multiple catalysts across our businesses that will contribute to our 8% to 10% total company sales growth guidance this year. And beyond 2025, Edwards will be even better position to transform care and to have a positive impact on more lives with our pioneering innovations and expanded global leadership in structural heart. Our plan is to grow total company sales 10% annually on average with some variability based on the timing of key catalysts, while strengthening profit margins to drive long-term value for shareholders. We expect that the actions our employees around the world have taken to advance our strategy will deliver significant value to payments and the health care ecosystem. Now I'll provide some additional detail by product group for Q4 and 2024. In TAVR, our full year 2024 global sales of $4.1 billion increased 6% year-over-year. Our U.S. and OUS sales growth rates were similar. In the fourth quarter, our global sales of $1.04 billion increased 5.3% over the prior year. Growth was driven by the U.S. and Europe. Edwards strong competitive position and pricing remained stable globally, although we experienced a few instances of regional pressure. We remain confident in our differentiated technology high-quality evidence and the value we demonstrate to patients, clinicians and health care systems. Our commitment to advancing clinical evidence and expanding indication for patients was highlighted by results from the early TAVR trial, which were presented at the annual TCT Conference in October. Early TAVR is the first and largest randomized controlled trial to date, studying asymptomatic severe AS patient and the impact of early intervention with SAPIEN. The trial results demonstrated superior outcome for asymptomatic severe AS patients, receiving the SAPIEN platform compared with guideline recommended clinical surveillance, or simply, watchful waiting. Even patient without symptoms of severe artic stenosis have a deadly disease that can progress rapidly and in an in predictable way and require urgent treatment. This data is compelling and should drive changes to the standard of care to streamline patient flow, improve outcomes and reduce costs to the system. In the U.S., we continue to be pleased with the performance of our market-leading SAPIEN free Ultra RESILIA platform. Capacity remains the focus as we continue to see rapid growth in structural heart procedures. In the near term, new technologies and education put pressure on the system, but in the longer term, it provides a hospital the clarity and incentive to make investments to expand their ability to treat structural heart patients. Outside of the U.S., in the fourth quarter, sales growth was supported by the continued launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA in Europe. We are pleased with the exceptional patient outcomes delivered with this best-in-class platform and we expect this momentum to continue as more centers adopt the technology. Sales in Japan grew at a slower pace than in other major regions, but still increased sequentially and year-over-year. We remain dedicated to expanding this therapy to address significant undertreatment of aortic stenosis among the substantial elderly population in Japan. Long term, outside of the U.S., we foresee excellent opportunities for growth as international adoption of TAVR therapy remains quite low in many regions. Turning to TMTT. Our unique portfolio of repair and replacement technologies for both Mitral and Tricuspid valves continues to deliver strong growth with an increasing contribution to overall company performance. The PASCAL repair system, the EVOQUE tricuspid replacement system, and the forthcoming SAPIEN M3 mitral replacement system provide the broadest set of treatment options to the many patients with varying mitral and tricuspid valve disease. We are pleased with both our fourth quarter and full year sales result. In Q4, we reported $105 million in sales. Full year sales of $352 million increased 77% year-over-year. Sales of the PASCAL repair system and the EVOQUE tricuspid replacement system, both contributed meaningfully to growth. PASCAL adoption is strong in both the U.S. and globally and the EVOQUE launch is expanding in the U.S. and Europe. PASCAL continues to demonstrate its value for patient care. It's differentiated features are driving excellent clinical outcome leading to increased adoption at existing centers and encouraging new centers to use the technology. The base of compelling clinical evidence is strengthening with longer-term follow-up data from randomized trials as well as new real-world evidence. Physicians appreciate the Edwards high-touch clinical support model, which improve the efficiency of planning and performing procedures, while ensuring optimal outcome for patients. The EVOQUE commercial launch continues to progress well in the U.S. and Europe. We are investing in our field-based teams to have deep expertise and remain committed to our disciplined approach to launching the therapy, prioritizing excellent patient outcomes. We are observing strong growing in price in EVOQUE from both providers and patients, which reinforces the significant unmet needs of these patients. We are pleased that CMS continues to develop a final national coverage determination or NCD for transcatheter Tricuspid valve replacement. We believe the policy as proposed, provides a pathway for Medicare patient access to EVOQUE. We look forward to the final NCD which we expect by the end of Q1 2025. In Mitral replacement, we continue to look forward to European approval of SAPIEN M3 by midyear 2025 with U.S. approval expected to follow in 2026. We expect the result of ENCIRCLE study, our U.S. pivotal trial studying SAPIEN M3 to be presented at this year TCT Conference in October. In summary, our bold vision for TMTT has become a reality. We are confident in our unique portfolio strategy with repair and replacement options to treat patients suffering from Mitral and Tricuspid disease. Our full year 2025 TMTT guidance remains consistent with the expectation we laid out at our Analyst Day with sales between $500 million and $530 million, driven by our two differentiated commercial technologies, PASCAL and EVOQUE. In our Surgical product group, full year 2024 global sales of $981 million increased 6% versus the prior year. Fourth quarter global sales of $244 million increased 5% over the prior year, with healthy global adoption of Edwards premium RESILIA portfolio with MITRIS, INSPIRIS, and KONECT. We continue to expect positive procedural growth globally for the many patients best treated surgically, including complex and concomitant procedures. We are generating evidence on the RESILIA portfolio to expand access globally, the excellent outcome of our one year multi-center real-world KONECT study were shared at the recent STS conference. In summary, before I turn the call over to Scott, we continue to expect that our full year 2025 surgical sales growth will be in the mid-single digits, driven by continued adoption of our RESILIA portfolio and growth in overall heart valve surgeries globally. And now Scott will cover the details of the company's financial performance.
Scott Ullem: All right. Thanks a lot, Bernard. Today, I'm going to provide a wrap-up of 2024, including detailed results of our fourth quarter and guidance for the first quarter and full year of 2025. We were pleased with our better-than-expected Q4 sales performance with strength across all product groups. Total sales of $1.39 billion grew 9% on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.59, led by strong top line performance. GAAP earnings per share was $0.58. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's press release. I'll now cover additional details of our P&L. For the fourth quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 79% compared to 80% in the same period last year. We continue to expect our full year 2025 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 78% and 79%. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the quarter were $492 million or 35.5% of sales compared to $417 million in the prior year. This increase in spending reflects growth in our TMTT field-based teams, transition expenses following the sale of Critical Care and strategic growth acquisitions. We plan to hold operational SG&A spending approximately flat at these levels throughout 2025 and expect a lower SG&A ratio over time. Research and development expenses in the fourth quarter grew 12% over the prior year to $271 million or 19.6% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of a full quarter of R&D spend from previously announced acquisitions that closed in 2024. We expect to maintain R&D spending at these levels during 2025 and to moderate R&D as a percentage of sales over time. Adjusted operating profit margin in Q4 of 25.6% was in line with our expectation for the quarter. Our guidance for 2025 operating margins continues to be 27% to 28% with annual operating profit margin expansion thereafter as we outlined at the company's investor conference back in December. Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 11.6% or 13.3%, excluding the impact of special items, in line with our expectation for the quarter. For the full year 2024, our reported tax rate was 9.8% or 11.0%, excluding the impact of special items. As a reminder, our original 2024 adjusted tax rate guidance range was 14% to 17%. And we benefited last year from several onetime tax events, resulting in a lower than originally expected rate. We continue to expect our 2025 tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 15% and 18%. Regarding tariffs, based on what we know today, our guidance ranges could accommodate any potential impact of tariffs, which we expect to be immaterial for Edwards. Foreign exchange rates increased fourth quarter reported sales growth by 60 basis points or $7 million compared to the prior year. FX rates negatively impacted our fourth quarter gross profit margin by 30 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our October guidance, FX rates had a nominal impact on fourth quarter earnings per share. At current rates, we now expect FX to have an approximately $130 million or 2.5 percentage points downside to sales in 2025 compared to prior year. Turning to the balance sheet. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $3 billion in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2024. Average diluted shares outstanding during the quarter were $591 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2025 to be between $585 million and $595 million. We have approximately $1.4 billion remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. Our healthy balance sheet gives us the flexibility to advance our growth strategy, and we look forward to a year of robust financial performance in 2025. I'll finish with comments related to guidance. We are maintaining the financial guidance for 2025 that we provided at our December investor conference. Absent additional moves in foreign exchange, we expect total company sales of $5.6 billion to $6 billion, TAVR sales of $4.1 billion to $4.4 billion, TMTT sales of $500 million to $530 million and Surgical sales of $970 million to $1.05 billion. We expect a sequential increase in first quarter sales. We also expect Q1 total company and TAVR year-over-year growth rates to be below the low end of our full year guidance ranges of 8% to 10% and 5% to 7%, respectively. We expect some benefit from the asymptomatic TAVR approval in the U.S. and even more support for growth when guidelines and policy change in the future. For the first quarter, we're projecting sales of $1.35 billion to $1.43 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $0.58 to $0.64. And with that, back to you, Bernard.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Scott. In conclusion, we are proud of our employees and their significant achievement in transforming care for structural heart patients around the world. As we enter 2025, solely focused on structural heart disease, we are stronger than ever before with significant growth driver in TAVR and TMTT and emerging opportunities in other areas of structural heart. I am optimistic about the tremendous opportunities in front of us. With that, I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Bernard. We're ready to take your questions. As a reminder, please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up to allow for broad participation. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the reminder of the call. Alicia, I'll turn it back over to you
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
David Roman: Thank you, and good afternoon, everybody. I wanted just to start on the TMTT side. Maybe you could for my first question. Just help us reflect a little bit on some of the dynamics that drove the performance here in 2024 that ended above your expectations. And then what needs to unfold operationally still to see an acceleration from kind of the $420 million where you're annualizing in Q4 up to the $500 million plus over -- that's reflected in your guidance here.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, David. Good question. So I'm going to start. If you remember, we started the year in 2024, where it was mainly PASCAL and Europe was a big contributor. And throughout the year, EVOQUE became a growth contributor also in U.S. also for PASCAL. So if you see that this TMTT portfolio contribution is evolving. But as you can see, we are very excited. We are very pleased. You remember, we had a vision a long time ago, and we were the only company having this vision. And this vision has become a reality. But I'm going to ask Daveen to add some color commentary here.
Daveen Chopra: Yes. I'll add a little bit to that. Thanks, David for the question. As Bernard said, over the course of 2024, I think we saw the creation of a new therapy with EVOQUE, and we started treating patients, and we're starting to see that start is journey where we're still in launch mode, and we're still growing. So as you can imagine, in 2025, EVOQUE will continue to grow. Additionally, on the PASCAL side of things, the U.S. has been -- it was probably only in the second full year of launch. And for PASCAL, we continue to open centers, both the U.S. and Europe and throughout the world and grow as physicians see the differentiation of PASCAL, they continue to use it more in their existing practice. So for us throughout 2025, PASCAL will also grow. So we see both PASCAL and EVOQUE as two key growth drivers for us and growth also continued to come with a huge emphasis both on Europe and the U.S.
David Roman: And then maybe just for my follow-up here. I'm trying to piece some of this together between how you exited Q4 and then the Q1 guidance calling for revenue growth, both in TAVR and total company below the low end of the ranges here. Because when I just reflect on Q4, you had the hurricane dynamic early in the quarter, but you also had the exit of Boston Scientific pressures in Europe, not the exit, but the pressure on their business that they described. You're seeing EVOQUE and PASCAL launch. So just as I think about the business here, Q4 versus the dynamics that you're calling here in Q1, maybe you could just help us piece together the sequential deceleration and then correspondingly, the acceleration reflected in the full year outlook?
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, David. So let me try maybe high level at the company level, then we can ask either Daveen and Larry to add some comments here. So we expect -- so first, we finished the year strong in Q4, and we are very pleased about it across the board, across the other company. We see -- we expect a sequential increase in Q1 sales, but from a growth rate standpoint, for TAVR and for the full company to be maybe below the low end of our full year ranges. There are a few things we know in 2025. The first one is that TMTT, so PASCAL, EVOQUE are going to continue to scale throughout the year. The second one is that asymptomatic, approval midyear will represent a catalyst here later. But I'm going to add maybe Daveen to start first about TMTT scaling and then Larry.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, sure. Thanks, Bernard, on that. As you imagine, over the course of 2024, you saw TMTT almost sequentially grow in a linear rate, right? We continue to add and grow each time as we got that increased adoption and entered new markets. And for us, we see that continuing in 2025, where we expect over the course of the year, our revenue growth to just kind of linearly continue up and that will kind of lead us to our guidance.
Larry Wood: Yes. Thanks, David. On TAVR, I think we had a good Q4, and we felt good about it. And I think it was indicative that perhaps we're starting to see a little bit of improvement in some of the capacity stuff, although it's still very much a work in progress. I think what typically happens is, the last couple of weeks in December tend to really slow down for patient screening and those things, and that usually gives us a slow start to January. But all of that is factored into our guidance. And I think as Daveen -- sorry, as Bernard described the year, I think that's how we planned it.
David Roman: Great. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Congrats on a nice quarter and thank for taking the questions. First for me, maybe a P&L question as we think about 2025. Scott, the mix of operating expense came in a bit different than the Street was thinking. Any color you could give us now with the rebased business ex critical care, how we should be thinking about SG&A and R&D each separately to get to the guidance you provided?
Scott Ullem: Sure. Thanks for the question. We provided guidance at the investor conference for operating profit, and we didn't really break out SG&A and R&D as a percentage of sales, but I can give you a little bit of color on how we think Q4 is going to translate into our full year 2025 operating profit. We think the improvement of about 200 basis points in operating profit versus Q4 will be about half R&D improvement as a percentage of sales, so about 100 basis points and half, SG&A as a percentage of sales, which is a combination of the actual spending that we run through that line netted with the benefit that we get from the amortization of our unfavorable contract liability that shows up in the new line in our income statement called other income. So we're positive about the ability to improve operating margins through both SG&A and R&D management, keeping those spend levels flat in 2025 with the quarterly spend in Q4, and we're also confident about our ability to continue to grow margins in 2026 and beyond. Just as reference, our spending in 2025, will be a lower growth rate than our revenue growth rate, and that's one of the reasons why the ratio is coming down.
Bernard Zovighian: So to add on what Scott said, if you think about big picture here from a P&L standpoint, our number one commitment is to invest for sustainable and profitable growth. So what you can expect beyond 2025 is our EPS growing faster than our top line growth.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Maybe a follow-up, Bernard, you mentioned in the script, there were a few instances of regional pressure. You still came in above The Street on TAVR. Maybe you could just speak to the regional pressures and how transient or permanent they are and also highlight some of the areas of strength. Thanks.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes, I was talking about a few small pockets around the globe. One is, for instance, Japan. And we look at Japan as a big growth opportunity for us. If you think about what we do as a company, anything in a structural heart disease is treating the disease of the aging. And if there is one country where it is a perfect match between where is unmet patient need and what we do is Japan. We were not satisfied with our growth in Q4 in Japan, but we are very committed to enhance our capability in the region, bring our renovation very low faster to make sure Japan can present a growth opportunity in the years to come.
Robbie Marcus: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the questions. And Daveen, congrats on a really nice quarter in TMTT and Edwards overall. So I wanted to start with you, Daveen. That's why I pointed that out on EVOQUE, what have you seen since the NTAP started on October 1? And how are you thinking about the impact from the NCD, which should be finalized in March? And I had one follow-up.
Daveen Chopra: Thanks so much Larry for the question and the nice comps you said. I'll just make one comment before I dive into the NTAP as we talk about EVOQUE. It's interesting. I've got a chance over the last couple of weeks to actually meet a handful of different EVOQUE patients and spend some time with them. And it's amazing to hear their stories. One person who was a 62-year-old CEO of a technology staffing company, who is a biker, wake surfer and now suddenly could barely walk up the stairs and EVOQUE got him back to do the things that he wanted to do. The other person was a 79-year-old lady who was in hospice care, hospice care. And now you would never know anything is wrong with her and she is excited and happy to be alive and is actually a patient advocate for tricuspid disease now, started that recently. And why I'm telling you the story is that these kinds of stories are what's spreading, I think, among the community, spreading among both physicians among patients. And as a result, we see a really strong demand for EVOQUE, a lot of desire from both physicians and patients because they see these excellent results for the patients or really changes their life. And it's a procedure, as we know, is very predictable. It's very -- and it gets -- we're getting clinical results in the market today or today that were similar to a clinical trial. So for us, NTAP or the coming NCD allow more patients to access, or allow to continue the access we're seeing. So built into our guidance this year, we're assuming a positive NCD coming at the end of Q1. And I see things like NCD as potential opportunities to slow us down if they don't go as we plan. But really, we see them as continuing the growth and the opportunity for patients to get access to this product that they want. So for us, it's definitely built in. It's definitely a part of the growth we're seeing, and it's a part of the interest we see from both physicians and patients.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And one for Larry. Just it would be great to hear you talk about what you're seeing and hearing in the field following early TAVR. When do you expect the data to positively impact procedures? Is it the indication? Is it guidelines? What do you need? Or is it just kind of everything kind of contributing? Thank you.
Larry Wood: Yes, I think you're probably right on the second comment there. It's going to be a little bit of everything. I think as education expands, we're going to take opportunities that meetings like ACC and PCR to really amplify the message and make sure the referring community really understands the data and they understand the significance of the data. I think the message has moved through the implant community, but we need to move upstream to the referral community. And so we'll be working hard to amplify that. Clearly, indication is a big thing. Once it's on label, that certainly is helpful because it gives us ability to promote directly where in how that happens, we're not allowed to promote directly. But then longer term, it's going to be guideline changes, it's going to be updates to policies and all those things. And that's why I think we really tried to highlight this in the investor conference. We see this is going to be a multiyear catalyst. This isn't going to be short term or just one immediate bolus of patients. We see this as a long-term catalyst for us. And certainly, if hospitals improve their capacity and as hospitals look to invest in their capacity, I think the confidence of this data and a continual stream of additional AS patients is what's going to really motivate them to make those investments.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks, Larry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Pito Chickering: Good afternoon, guys. Following up on Larry's question there. Beyond the U.S. hospitals that were part of the trial, like how many more hospitals have been trained to implant EVOQUE at this point? And any color on how many doctors at this point, including those during the trials have been trained? And I guess how many are signed up at this point to be trained at this going forward?
Daveen Chopra: Yes. So this is Daveen. I'll answer that. Thanks for the question. Yes, as you mentioned, we started off with our rollout of EVOQUE by focusing on those [indiscernible] hospitals, which is about 50 or so in the U.S. But from there, there are many other high-volume tricuspid centers. And now we've been focusing on those centers and they continue to grow. So each month, we have training programs here in Irvine and around the U.S. where more and more centers get grown. So it's almost just a continuous kind of linear growth, but we still feel like that we're pretty early in the number of centers that are going to be training EVOQUE. We're very early in that. And so for us, it's just a linear growth, and we'll definitely continue from there.
Pito Chickering: Right. As TMTT is becoming a bigger part of the revenue engine for you guys. Can you give us a U.S., OUS split for TMTT in the fourth quarter, so you need that as a launch pad for modeling 2025? Thanks.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, Daveen again. Yes, we don't break out the exact numbers. But I think as I mentioned before, right, we originally started in Europe. So Europe outside the US is still our largest market, but the U.S. is coming online. As we go forward, though, we still expect Europe to be larger, but the U.S. will be our second kind of big driver as we move forward in 2025.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Travis Steed with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Travis Steed: Hey, congrats on a good quarter. I just wanted to follow up on the Q1 guidance. You said TAVR growth below 5% to 7%. Just want to confirm first that, that 5% to 7% is constant currency. And I know there's a selling day headwind. If you could just quantify that if it's sort of 150 basis points. And excluding the selling day, are you kind of back into that kind of 5% TAVR guidance range?
Scott Ullem: Travis, you said it well, you got it exactly right. So 5% to 7% full year guidance for TAVR sales growth is an underlying constant currency basis. And the impact of the one less selling day is about 1 point, not 1.5, but around 1 point globally. And so that would take you back to somewhere close to where we ended up in Q4. 5.3% was the range. So somewhere in that number is what we're expecting and modeling for TAVR in Q1.
Travis Steed: Great. That's helpful. And then the second question, just so we could get an update on Class II TR, the functional mitral repair and tricuspid repair products. Just kind of curious how those trials are going and timelines for that opportunity?
Daveen Chopra: Yes. No, I'll definitely call. This is Daveen again. I think as we mentioned in the investor conference back in December, the CLASP IIF pivotal trial will continue to enroll throughout 2025. So for that, we don't have any other timelines about the continued enrollment. I would like to note though, especially at London Valves this year, actually just not that long ago, we actually showed in our MyClass study some great results for PASCAL in these FMR patients. We had over 300 patients a two year follow-up that showed an 81% MR-01, which is a great message, and we see great results from Europe. Moving over to Class II TR. So this is the tricuspid indication for PASCAL. I think as you remember, we announced that in Q4 we did finished the enrollment. So there is a 12-month follow up on the trial, so one year follow-up. From there, it usually takes a couple of quarters to put together your PMA submission and then submit it and it's at least six months for FDA approval, so you can kind of run the timelines from there, but that was finished enrollment in Q4 2024.
Travis Steed : Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a nice TMTT print. Maybe my first question back on the guidance here for Q1. I think Q4, when we look at the TAVR number, there were a number of one-off items, right? I think you had three lesser days, maybe some hurricane impact to have some China noise. I guess why all of that, I think Q4 came in above expectations at 5, given some of those items won't repeat, why shouldn't Q1 be better? Is there any one-offs outside of the extra day -- one lesser day that we should be thinking of?
Scott Ullem: So Vijay, it's Scott. I'll start and then maybe turn it over to Larry, if he has any additional color. The 1 day is probably the most noteworthy thing. Remember, in our call, we had talked about the early signals from China on the hurricanes. But at that point, I said we didn't know what the impact was going to be. Turned out that was not a big influence on our results for Q4. It had something to do with it, but I wouldn't call that exceptionally noteworthy. Really, in Q1, we're feeling good about TAVR's growth. And like I said, with the exception of that 1 day, difference in selling days versus Q4, there's not a whole lot to report.
Larry Wood: Yes. Just to add on to that. As I mentioned earlier, we typically see a slowdown at the end of the year, and this is very typical. We've seen this for many years now. And it just empties the funnel a little bit from the patients that are screened and having their CTs and everything. So we just typically see a little bit of a slow start to January. And so that factors into our guidance. But we do expect the growth rates to be higher in the subsequent quarters.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And Bernard, maybe my follow-up for you. I think you noted NCD language around tricuspid was in line with expectations. I think there is a CED criteria. And when I look at the physician criteria, there is a cross-pollination collaboration between a variety of physicians rate. It seems a little bit more onerous versus when you look at the TAVR guidelines. So curious how we're thinking about the NCD proposals? And do you expect any changes to the proposed language?
Bernard Zovighian: No, I think we feel good about where we are with all of the progress we have made with CMS and the societies. We recommended language from CMS is aligned with our expectation. This will provide access to a Medicare patient rework, which is going to be a catalyst for the many years to come. But maybe Daveen want to add anything here?
Daveen Chopra: Yes, a couple of small comments. Just obviously, when a patient as you read in the NCD is under the care of a multi-specialty heart team, and there are different kinds of members of the heart team, and that's under the care of. So that's a group of people who are not necessarily individually evaluating it. They're not necessarily part of the procedure. They are people who as needed are part of the care program of the patient. So for us, we feel like that's been very normal and expected and actually a good thing for patients. But back to maybe Bernard's comments in the overall, we generally feel very positive about where the NCD is, we love that. We appreciate that there's coverage with evidence determination, or CED, which enables this timely access. And we're actually quite happy or quite proud of the responsibility we have to kind of lead the CED process to gather more data and roll out this therapy. And we don't believe CED or any other parts of kind of the NCD draft that we all see online will actually affect our kind of rollout plans. It's right on line with where we had hoped the NCD would come up. So we're pretty positive on it.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Thanks for clarifying.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel. Please proceed.
Frederick Wise: Good afternoon, everybody. Sorry, I've been in the airport, it might be a little noisy. I want to follow up one more time on the first quarter TAVR guidance and early TAVR. Scott, I just want to be clear in my own mind. When you gave us guidance at the Analyst Day, obviously, you were thinking about the quarters of 2025. Is your -- have you shaded your TAVR expectations in some way with your comments and guided in the first quarter, is it any different than it was as the year set up, as you thought it would be back in December when we talked. And then I'll follow up on early TAVR.
Scott Ullem: Thanks for the question, Rick. No, our guidance expectations haven't really changed at all. We were pleased with the fourth quarter results. But for the reasons that Larry indicated, we still think the guidance for 2025 is the right guidance. Q1, we knew about the one selling day back when we gave the guidance, so that's no new information. And as Larry just said, we're expecting higher growth rates in the quarters after Q1 and 2025. But really, Rick, no change in our expectations.
Frederick Wise: Okay. And Larry, just not to go over, you've been very clear, but perhaps you saw the work I did on early TAVR, just didn't tried to trona it that a bunch of docs said that they're already starting to see an increase in referral volumes. And just to ask you, even though it might be early, are you seeing -- are you hearing the same thing that I heard? I mean, obviously, as the year unfolds and as you -- as education expands, there's going to be more. But are you seeing that same impact that, that small sample that I wrote about articulate. Thank you so much
Larry Wood: Thanks, Rick. So we hear anecdotally. We hear about a patient there, a patient here or there. And some physicians certainly are talking more about it. Again, the implant community is probably much more up to speed on the early tab data than the referral community is. And so it's going to take a little bit of time to get this out. I don't think there's any question that the early TAVR data is compelling and that it's going to lead to more patients coming into the system. I don't think there's any doubt about that. I think the thing that balances that how fast can hospitals continue to address these capacity challenges, to be able to treat this additional inflow of patients. And we're working on this from a number of different angles because the other thing that comes into play is we're working on quality metrics, things like Target AS. Right now, waiting list can kind of grow in the U.S. and it's not really measured. But in the future, people are going to have quality metrics such as 90 days from diagnosis to treatment. And I think that's going to make the difference in terms of how patients flow through the system.
Frederick Wise: Thanks, Larry. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with Barclays. Please proceed.
Matthew Miksic: Thanks do much for taking my question. I just have one follow-up on an earlier question. First, just around centers. I know you're growing out of the initial triennial trial centers for EVOQUE. I'm just wondering if you have like a round number that you think this can go to Teverson centers like the 850. Is this over time, half of that? Is there a third of that, an actual number that we should just think about as getting to? And I have 1 quick follow-up, if I could.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, -- this is Daveen again. It's hard to fully judge because we know it's the structural heart world of centers is kind of the TAVR world of numbers now, right, which is over 800 centers or the exact number. But we think obviously that it's going to be some portion of that, and it's going to have a kind of a track that gets up there. it's hard to figure out now how each center is going to be prepared and work together to start a tricuspid program. So it's hard to put an exact number on. But if you put an upper bound, it's definitely probably the structural programs of 850. But I think for us, we're going to work with centers one at a time to help to get them ready, to help give them the imaging and work with them to how to get the best treatment of tricuspid disease, but yes, it's going to be a continual lender thing that we'll kind of figure out together.
Matthew Miksic: Got it. And then the follow-up, just very closely related. Some of the feedback we had conversations with clinicians last year who did the launch and is obviously excitement about having to sell, but then we identify these patients, how many can you get in, the time to do the procedure, the reimbursement of the procedure, times of training, all these kinds of early sort of start-up factors. Maybe if you could talk a little bit about how you see this year your ability to sort of start mitigating some of those early kind of start-up challenges in getting volumes going and adoption going, et cetera? Thanks so much.
Daveen Chopra: Yes. And I think what the pathway of EVOQUE to treating more patients is similar to the start of any new therapy, right? We see early on that it's reproducible. It's a predictable procedure. Please imagine the first couple of times you do and it takes a little bit longer. But then as you do a little bit more, you start getting a little better and a little bit faster at it. And similar to the pre-case planning or the referrals. As Larry said, like even with asymptomatic patients. Initially, hey, referring physicians, they've been holding on to these tricuspid patients. They're not necessarily looking for them. But then they start seeing that tricuspid patients can be treated and are getting fantastic results. Then they start referring them. And then initially, almost stenographers and ecosystems of hospitals, you maybe got the planning right, but you need to practice in it better, so it takes something that may be a little bit efficient and gets more efficient. So what we'll see is that the centers who have started EVOQUE or any tricuspid programs will continue to get more efficient, and we'll see that new centers that will come on new centers that will start online will take a little bit longer and do a little bit of fewer cases. Maybe I'll do one or two the first day. But now we see centers that do three to five in a day and continue in one room and continue to create that efficiency. So I don't see this as especially unusual for a new structural heart therapy. It's in line. And we see that the -- we know that there are a lot of tricuspid patients out there and this long-term work of continuing to create awareness of this disease, diagnosis at the cardiologists, referrals to the heart teams. That's a process that the world did for TAVR. The world did for Mitral, and we think the world will do appropriately with our support in tricuspid as well.
Matthew Miksic: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Taylor with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Matthew Taylor: Hi. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a nice quarter. I wanted to ask a follow-up question on growth in TMTT in 2025. I know you don't give all the details of U.S., OUS or mitral tricuspid, but I was wondering if you could give us any framework or guidepost to help us understand how much growth is coming from those different sources? Or are they growing similarly? Maybe if you could talk about share expectations in those different markets? Anything like that would be helpful to think about modeling?
Bernard Zovighian: So maybe let me start, Matt. We are not thinking about share. We are creating markets. The vision we had a long time ago was about creating a category. This patient have very few options a few years ago. And with our portfolio, we have many options. And more to come with the forthcoming M3 and mitral replacement technology. So we are not thinking about share. We are thinking about patient outcome. We are thinking about training physicians to make sure they can scale their practice. We are thinking about how to create a large category, defining in a category. And truly, this is the way we are thinking about it. At Investor Conference, I think we gave you some vision for 2030. We believe our TMTT business could be a $2 billion business from $300 million or so last year to $500 million or so this year. clearly, clearly amazing trajectory based on all of these, but I'm going to ask Daveen to talk more about this year.
Daveen Chopra: Yes. Just to give a couple more details, but I'll first add in to that. I completely agree with Bernard that for us, we know that there are just millions of patients with tricuspid and mitral disease who just can't live the quality of life that they want, and we feel like we have an opportunity to help them. And so as you move more directly in 2025, right, there are multiple drivers. Both Europe and the U.S. will be both large growth drivers for TMTT as we -- in 2025 versus 2024. Both PASCAL and EVOQUE will be large growth drivers for TMTT in 2025 versus 2024. And the Bernard's comment just about M3, M3 was just starting in Europe. So it will be much smaller, just an initial starting. So for that, I hope that gives a little bit of help on just how we look at the two geographies and the two products and to Bernard's point, it's not about share. It's about how do we discover, find and treat just more patients and grow the overall number of procedures that can help patients.
Matthew Miksic: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. Please proceed.
Joanne Wuensch: Good evening and thank you for taking the question. Can we pause for a second on M3. It sounds like it's on track for CE Mark approval near the end of the year with some revenue contribution and then you're going to have data at TCT 2025. Can you remind us what that market opportunity is and why that's an important product in the portfolio?
Daveen Chopra: Sure. Yes. This is Daveen as well. So just a reminder, CE Mark from M3, we expect in mid-2025 in Europe with approval in the U.S. in 2026 and the pivotal study, the InCircle study of 300 patients who were unsuitable for TR, the 1-year follow-up we expect to release at TCT this fall. And I pressed on unsuitable for TR, I think that's really the indication of where we see M3 fitting in the treatment of patients. We know that TR is an amazing technology. and there are many patients who get fantastic results. But when you talk to physicians and you talk to patients, there are many patients who are suboptimal for TR, either anatomically or for other clinical reasons. And it's a pretty large group of patients. There's ranges out there that we hear from many different doctors. I don't want to quote because it is pretty large ranges. And we think for that M3 really offers an opportunities to these patients to get a treatment or before they wouldn't have had one. But when we start off a new procedure and new therapy like we did with EVOQUE or like we did with any other therapy, we are going to start off by really focusing on physician training, having a great team of Edwards people supporting each case, ensuring top-notch clinical outcomes and building up a new therapy in a way that this will hopefully become a new leg to the stool of TMTT growth in the years in the future and provides multiple years of growth to get to, as Bernard said, that $2 billion of revenue in 2030.
Mark Wilterding: Joanne, did you have a follow-up? Or are you good?
Joanne Wuensch: No, I'm good. That was awesome. Thank you so much. Have a great night.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you, Joanne. I'll turn it over to Bernard for some closing comments.
Bernard Zovighian: Maybe some closing comments very quickly. First is we are very pleased about our strong finish to 2024 with total company sales growth of 9%. We are confident in our 2025. We are positioned for strong financial performance led by diversified source of growth, TAVR, Mitral and Tricuspid. And beyond 2025, we see an exciting future, we tackle large growing markets, and all of this will result in sustainable revenue, EPS growth and shareholder value creation. So thank you for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, Mark, Larry and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. Thank you, everyone. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Edwards Lifesciences Third Quarter 2024 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, Mark Wilterding, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Diego, and welcome everyone. Thank you for joining us this afternoon. With me on today's call is our CEO, Bernard Zovighian, and our CFO, Scott Ullem. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call will be Larry Wood, our Group President of TAVR and Surgical Structural Heart, Daveen Chopra, our Global Leader of TMTT, and Wayne Markowitz, our Global Leader of Surgical Structural Heart. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released third quarter 2024 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial statements and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but are not limited to, financial guidance and expectations for growth opportunities, strategy, leverage, and integration of our acquisitions, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters, and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release. Our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to constant currency sales growth, which is defined in the quarterly press release issued earlier today. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call are also included in today's press release. Growth rates refer to continuing operations and do not include contributions from critical care, which was sold on September 3. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bernard for his comments. Bernard?
Bernard Zovighian: [Audio Gap]of $1.4 billion increase 10% on a constant currency basis versus the year-ago period, slightly ahead of our expectations. TAVR and TMTT both contributed significantly to growth in the third quarter as more patients globally benefited from our catheter-based structural heart therapies. During the quarter, our team made important advancements in our clinical research and new product introduction to address the unmet needs of structural heart patients around the world. Next week at TCT, you will hear more about our commitment to generating important clinical evidence to help physicians and the healthcare ecosystem take care of the many patients in need. At the conference, we will be discussing the pivotal clinical data presentation of early TAVR, TRISCEND II and CLASP IID, along with more than 20 other important updates. Edwards is leading the advancement of science in this large, diverse, and rapidly growing field. Our priority remains positioning TAVR for long-term growth. In addition to introducing differentiated next-gen technologies, we are leading several global initiatives, including reaching more patients through patient awareness, activation and access, and enhancing physician training and support programs. For TMTT, we continue to scale our fast-growing business, and we are pleased with its trajectory over the last several quarters. Key initiatives include broadening the launch of PASCAL, advancing the introduction of EVOQUE in the U.S. and in Europe, and launching SAPIEN M3 in Europe next year. Edwards' unique pipeline of innovation should drive strong multi-year growth. We are also committed to bringing differentiated surgical innovation to patients, supported by strong evidence generation, ensuring we remain at the forefront of surgical advancement. Moreover, we are entering new therapeutic areas, such as aortic regurgitation, or AR, and implantable heart failure management, or IHFM. These initiatives align with our long-term vision of expanding into more therapies, driving sustainable growth for Edwards. It was an especially busy quarter, as our team around the world delivered on our strategy. We closed the sale of Critical Care in September, took important action to sharpen our focus on structural heart, including integrating recent acquisition and right-sizing the company for long-term profitable growth. As we look ahead, we see significant growth opportunities across our differentiated portfolio of leading structural heart therapies for TAVR-AS, TAVR-AR, TMTT, Surgical, and IHFM. This commitment will be discussed in detail at the upcoming investor conference, where we will outline our strategies for differentiated value creation in the years ahead. Now, I will provide details on Q3 results by product group. In TAVR, third quarter global sales of $1 billion increased 6% when adjusted for currency and billing days. Edwards' strong competitive position and pricing remain stable globally, although we experienced a few instances of regional pressure. We are confident in our differentiated technology, high-quality evidence, and the value we continue to demonstrate to patients, clinicians, and healthcare systems. We remain deeply committed to advancing evidence for AS patients. In August, one-year data from the RIA trial, a first-of-its-kind trial focused exclusively on outcomes for women receiving TAVR, were presented at the ESC meeting held in London. Investigators reported superior outcome for women receiving the Edwards SAPIEN 3 or SAPIEN 3 Ultra Valves as compared to those receiving surgical aortic valve replacement for the primary endpoints of death, stroke, and re-hospitalization at one year. We are proud of this high-quality clinical research. The outstanding success of TAVR points to the importance of valve selection for women undergoing aortic valve replacement, especially those with small annuli, to preserve their option for a future valve-in-valve procedures, ensuring the lifetime management of their disease. Next week at TCT, the clinical community will hear results from the early TAVR trial. The trial is the first and largest randomized controlled trial to-date studying asymptomatic severe AS patients and the impact of early intervention with TAVR. Turning to the U.S., our year-over-year third quarter TAVR sales growth rate was in line with our global TAVR constant currency growth rate. We believe our U.S. competitive position was largely unchanged. In the U.S., although hospitals and physicians continue to acknowledge our team capacity constraint nationally, it is encouraging that many hospitals are exploring additional investments to address future workflow needs to manage these patients. We know from experience that hospitals have historically demonstrated the ability to scale to support trans-catheter procedure growth over time. Outside of the U.S., in the third quarter, our constant currency TAVR sales growth was in line with our global TAVR growth. In Europe, our market position improved sequentially, supported by the continued launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA. We are pleased with the exceptional patient outcome delivered with this platform, and we expect this momentum to continue as more centers adopt our best-in-class TAVR platform. Additionally, we received CE mark approval for our Alterra system for congenital heart patients. Alterra should result in quality of life improvement and a reduction in the number of procedures that this younger patient will require over their lifetimes. We have initiated the introduction of this novel therapy in Europe, and initial feedback from clinicians has been positive. In Japan, slower market growth pressured our results. We remain dedicated to expanding this therapy to address significant under-treatment of AS among the substantial elderly population in Japan. In closing, we are pleased with our Q3 TAVR result, which were slightly above our expectation. Our 5% to 7% growth guidance for the full year remains unchanged. However, we expect the Q4 year-over-year sales growth rate to be lower due to some one-time items that Scott will describe later. We remain confident that Edwards is positioned for healthy and sustainable TAVR growth, driven by our differentiated TAVR technology, our deep commitment to advancing patient care through high-quality clinical evidence, new indication, and our investment in patient activation initiatives. Last quarter, we announced the acquisition of JC Medical and JenaValve, early innovators in the treatment of AR. These acquisitions provide an opportunity in a new therapeutic area to address the unmet needs of AR patients around the world, a deadly disease that impacts more than 100,000 patients in the U.S. alone, and is largely untreated today. As the pioneer in valve innovation, we believe Edwards is best positioned to develop, study, and deliver novel technologies. I am pleased to report that we performed our first implant in the Journey pivotal trial with the Edwards J-Valve AR system, recently acquired from JC Medical. As noted in our announcement of the JenaValve transaction, the acquisition is subject to regulatory review and other customary closing conditions. We are responding to a second request from the FTC in connection with their review and anticipate closing the acquisition mid-2025. Now turning to TMTT, our unique innovations, including the PASCAL repair system, the EVOQUE tricuspid replacement system, and the upcoming SAPIEN 3 mitral replacement system, provide a broad set of treatment options to serve the many diverse and complex patients in need. We are pleased with the Q3 result, achieving 91 million in sales, representing 74% growth over the prior year. Sales were led by PASCAL growth globally, we continue the initial commercial expansion of EVOQUE in the U.S. and Europe. Globally, we continue to see more patients diagnosed and treated as long as strong therapy adoption, resulting in mitral procedures experiencing ongoing double-digit growth and even stronger tricuspid therapy growth. Adoption of a differentiated PASCAL technology is expanding in both new and existing sites around the world. We look forward to presenting the two-year outcomes of a CLASP IID pivotal trial studying DMR patients at TCT next week. We are also pleased to announce the earlier than expected completion of enrollment for the CLASP IITR trial studying TR patients with PASCAL randomized against optimal medical therapy alone. This achievement is great news for patients suffering from tricuspid regurgitation given the differentiated characteristic of PASCAL. The EVOQUE launch continues to progress well as we successfully activate new sites in both the U.S. and Europe beyond our initial trial centers. We are also increasing our field teams to deliver on our high-touch model to support new sites as we bring EVOQUE into their clinical practice in order to achieve excellent patient outcomes. The strong interest in this therapy continues to highlight the large unmet need. The full 400 patient cohort of a TRISCEND II pivotal study at one year will also be presented at TCT next week. In our continued efforts to reach more patients, a fourth and larger size EVOQUE valve, the 56 millimeter, was recently approved in the U.S. The addition of this larger valve size will expand the addressable patient population. On October 1, EVOQUE became eligible for Medicare's new technology add-on payment. This additional payment above standard reimbursement is in effect for three years and will support increased access to this breakthrough therapy for the many U.S. patients in need. Based on the ongoing global adoption of our two therapies, PASCAL and EVOQUE, we remain confident in our full year full year TMTT self-guidance at the high end of 320 million to 340 million. In surgical, third quarter sales from continuing operation of $240 million increased 5% over the prior year. Growth was driven by strong global adoption of Edwards premium surgical technologies INSPIRIS, MITRIS, and KONECT. We continue to see positive procedure growth globally for the many patients best treated surgically, including those undergoing complex procedures. We continue to expand the overall body of RESILIA evidence and enrollment in Europe for a momentous clinical trial studying MITRIS is ahead of schedule. In addition, a comments AR manuscript has been published in the Journal of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery, which shows positive outcome for patients with AR treated with RESILIA tissue valve after five years. Finally, two investigator-initiated registries out of Europe, Endure and Impact, have shown favorable outcome in younger and more complex patients who were implanted with the RESILIA INSPIRIS valve. In summary, we continue to believe that our full year 2024 surgical sales growth will be 6% to 8%. Turning to structural heart failure, in Q3, we closed the acquisition of Endotronix, marking our entry into implantable heart failure management, or IHFM. Our vision for IHFM is consistent with our other structural heart technologies to establish a platform that ensures best-in-class outcome for patients in need, resulting in multi-years of growth. We released strong 12-month results from the proactive HF pivotal trial at the HFSA conference, which demonstrated significant benefit to patients managed with the Cordella system, an implantable pulmonary artery pressure sensor allowing early targeted heart failure intervention. In addition, the proactive HF2 trial has also been initiated, which will extend the evidence base for implantable heart failure management and further demonstrate the value of data-driven heart failure management. With the recent approval of Cordella in the U.S. and the completion of our first cases, our focus is on building our commercial team, deploying physician training, case support to ensure high quality of outcomes. Revenue will ramp over time as we focus on discipline, commercialization, outcome, system usage, and patient engagement. And now, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thanks a lot, Bernard. We were pleased with our financial results in the third quarter, starting with third quarter sales from continuing operations of $1.35 billion. Our continuing operations underlying sales growth was 9.6%, and Edwards adjusted earnings per share was $0.67, both slightly ahead of what we modeled for Q3 guidance provided in July. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share for continuing operations is included with today's press release. The sale of critical care, as well as the acquisitions we announced last month, resulted in some new features in the presentation of our financial results this quarter. First, it's important to note that our original sales guidance for Q3 assumed we would own critical care for all of Q3. We were pleased to close the sale of critical care in early September, so we did not have critical care sales in the last month of Q3. Second, the discontinued operations in today's release and the 10-Q that we will file in early November are comprised of the two components that represent our plan to exit product groups that are not focused on implantable medical innovations for structural heart disease. The discontinued operations includes critical care, as well as a small, non-core product group that reduces the reported sales of surgical structural heart. Third, as it relates to previously announced acquisitions, we do not expect meaningful contribution to Edwards sales in 2024 and 2025. The additional operating expense from three of the four acquisitions announced is included in our fourth quarter earnings per share guidance. Additionally, there is a new line of the profit and loss statement above operating income called other operating expense and income, reflecting an impact related to critical care transition service agreements. So now I'll cover additional details of our continuing operations P&L. For the third quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was elevated at 80.7%, slightly higher year-over-year and sequentially due to variable expense timing. We expect fourth quarter gross margin to be in line with the high end of our 76% to 78% full year guidance range, which is also a reasonable preliminary modeling assumption for 2025. Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the quarter were $421 million or 31.1% of sales compared to $382 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by an expansion of field-based personnel to support growth of our transcatheter therapies, including the launch and rollout of Pascal and Evoke. Research and development expenses in the third quarter grew 4% over the prior year to $253 million or 18.7% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter valve innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. Adjusted operating profit margin in Q3 was elevated at 31.4%, reflecting unusual benefits of variable expense timing. We expect Q4 adjusted operating margin to decline to the mid-20s, resulting in full year 2024 average adjusted operating profit margin of approximately 27% to 28%, which is also a reasonable preliminary modeling assumption for 2025, with forecasts for expanding margin thereafter. Turning to taxes, our reported tax rate this quarter was 10.1% or adjusted 12.4%. We expect a similar adjusted tax rate in Q4. As a reminder, our original 2024 adjusted tax rate guidance range was 14% to 17%, and we are benefiting this year from several one-time tax events, resulting in a lower than originally expected rate. Foreign exchange rates decreased third quarter adjusted sales growth by 70 basis points, or $7.9 million compared to the prior year. GAAP earnings per share of $5.13 reflects the one-time gain on the sale of critical care. Also unique to this quarter were several special items, including a restructuring charge, a gain on our original investment in Endotronix, and a $30 million charitable donation to support the work of the Edwards Life Sciences Foundation. Turning to the balance sheet, following the critical care sale, we had approximately $3.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents as of September 30. You'll see a balance sheet in our 10-Q filing in early November. During the third quarter, the company repurchased $1 billion of stock through a combination of pre-established trading plans and accelerated share repurchase programs. Edwards currently has approximately $1.4 billion remaining under its share repurchase authorization. Based on our year-to-date share repurchase activity, we expect average diluted shares outstanding for Q4 2024 to be between 590 million and 595 million. I'll finish with comments related to guidance. Our full year guidance for Edwards sales growth of 8% to 10% remains unchanged, as does our guidance for our three product groups. Our guidance assumes fourth quarter year-over-year TAVR growth below the full year TAVR range of 5% to 7%. Recall, Q4 of 2023 was an especially strong quarter for TAVR. In Q4 of this year, we have seen impact from the hurricanes in the southeast, as well as a one-time impact from a China distributor rebate adjustment, and fewer selling days versus Q3. It's important to note that our daily TAVR procedure volume is still forecasted to be sequentially higher in Q4 versus Q3. We expect Q4 sales of $1.33 billion to $1.39 billion and Q4 earnings per share of $0.53 to $0.57. We look forward to providing detailed 2025 financial guidance at our investor conference in New York on December 4th. And with that, I'll pass it back to Bernard.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Scott. We are confident that our innovative therapy will allow Edwards to treat more patients around the world and continue to drive strong organic growth in the years to come. As patients and clinicians increasingly recognize the significant benefit of breakthrough technologies, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunity. With that, I'll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Bernard. We're ready to take questions now. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue, and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Please refrain from asking questions related to our Early TAVR or TRISCEND II pivotal trials. We will present data on those trials next week at TCT and host investor briefings on both Monday and on Wednesday after the presentation to discuss the results in more detail. We really hope to see you there. Diego, please go ahead with additional details on how participants can access the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we will conduct our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Scott, I guess maybe help us bridge the Q4 guidance implies about $2.20 on an annual basis, just using the midpoint times four. Can you bridge from the prior guidance of $2.75 at the midpoint? Did it only change for Critical Care, which we thought was always going to be $0.40 diluted? Seems like something else changed, and I had one follow-up.
Scott Ullem: Yes, thanks for the question, Larry. There are a couple of things that changed. One was the elimination of Critical Care, which on a full-year basis would have impacted earnings per share to the tune of about $0.35. We're also picking up in the fourth quarter some additional expense related to three of the four acquisitions that we announced earlier, which hit us in Q4. Q4 does not reflect some of the benefits of the right sizing that we conducted earlier and that we will see in 2025.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful, Scott. And then just a follow-up on that. Sorry.
Bernard Zovighian: No, just to add on what Scott said, Larry, obviously we are also expecting growth from our continued operation in 2025 together with the EPS leverage. And we will provide a full guidance during investor conference in December.
Larry Biegelsen: Okay. I mean, that was my follow-up, Scott. I mean, I know you anticipated the question. Just using that kind of Q4 EPS of $0.55 at the midpoint, people are going to multiply and get to $2.20. How should we think about that in the context of 2025 EPS? You gave some helpful color on the operating margin. Is there anything else we should consider when we're trying to kind of model 2025 here?
Scott Ullem: Yes. Obviously, the big driver is top-line growth, and we'll be prepared to talk about that for Edwards and for different product lines on December 4. And you're right, we tried to give you some building blocks for margins, both operating margin. We talked about the special tax rate benefits we achieved in 2024, which we're not going to model achieving in 2025. And as Bernard just mentioned, we're going to see benefits from some of the actions we've taken this year when we hit the full year 2025. So, those are the different moving pieces that we can give you for now, and we'll take you through the top-line impact in December.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Scott, maybe if I could go back to this Q4 guidance assumptions, I think you called out a few line items on TAVR between the hurricane, China. Could you parse out what the impact of hurricane, I'm assuming we've already seen some impact, and what was China? Is this just one timer on China? Could there be some lingering impact as we think about next year? And based, I know you said lesser days versus third quarter, but on a year-on-year basis, any change in number of days in Q4?
Scott Ullem: Sure. Thanks for the question, Vijay. First on China, this is a one-time adjustment to a rebate for a distributor in China. It does not have anything to do with our operations or our sales growth in China at this point. As it relates to selling days, yes, there are three fewer selling days in Q4 than there were in Q3, and that impacts us when we start talking about sales dollars. But what's important to know and remember is the procedure volume on an average daily basis is growing sequentially in Q4 over Q3.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And then maybe one more related to the guidance here. What is the implied operating margins here for Q4, right, when you look at the DPS and the revenue sales dollars? Is that something like mid-25s? And I'm just trying to think, what is the right run rate here on operating margins as you get the benefit from right-sizing expense line item? And sorry, back on the days, on a year-on-year basis, was it consistent, or did the year-on-year basis change?
Scott Ullem: Well, I understood the first part of your question. Let me answer it, and then maybe you can help me on the second part of the question. So, yes, for Q4, the guidance assumes mid-20s or implies mid-20s percentage operating margin. For next year, we expect that to grow to the range of 27% to 28%, which is also the same as our full-year 2024 operating margin. And help me with the other piece of your question, Vijay.
Vijay Kumar: Sorry, on the days, fourth quarter days versus fourth quarter 23, I was looking on a year-on-year basis on the days common.
Scott Ullem: I believe the selling days were comparable or the same in Q4 of 2023 as in 2024. We'll check that, and I'll come back on if that's not right.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Robbie Marcus: Oh, great. Thanks for taking the questions. I'll switch it over to some of the products. TMTT, again, came in better than expected. We've seen from your competitor a nice quarter on the repair side. I was wondering if you could talk about, on tricuspid repair specifically, I was wondering if you could talk about your tricuspid replacement and how you're seeing doctors choose in the market which patients are appropriate for which and the decision-making process.
Daveen Chopra: No. Hey, thanks, Robbie. This is Daveen. Appreciate the question. Maybe I'll just start off with a couple overall comments on EVOQUE. Obviously, we've been very pleased so far with the introduction of EVOQUE in both the U.S. and in Europe. We've really seen strong physician and patient demand, which really enforces that there's a lot of unmet needs for these patients. And we've loved to see so far with EVOQUE that we've got very predictable times that are very similar to the clinical trial - that are very similar from both clinical trial sites as well as new sites. And clinical outcomes are very much similar to TRISCEND II. And we also have seen in the U.S. where we just have EVOQUE that from our experience in Europe where we have both repair and replacement, we see that it's important to have a portfolio of both repair and replacement technologies to really treat the diversity of these complex patients that are tricuspid patients. And so right now, we're continuing to open up new centers, activating new sites, focusing on other big tricuspid centers, really with robust training and high clinical support. And we're continuing to add to our clinical kind of support training team. Specifically to your question about repair and replacement, I think we're all still figuring that out about who's the right patient for each. We see that there may be some anatomical considerations where one may be better for than another. But I think as a world, we're still all trying to figure this out. But we really do believe that you need both technologies to really see, to really see, to treat the most number of patients. Two other quick comments are, obviously over time, we believe that EVOQUE in our portfolio, now if you pull back up and look at TMTD, EVOQUE's going to become a larger and larger percent of our portfolio. But right now, PASCAL is still our largest growth driver on a year-on-year basis just because it's a more established base and a larger base overall. But we look exciting to treating more and more patients with both EVOQUE and PASCAL.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Maybe just as a quick follow-up, on TAVR, you've now had three more months to kind of evaluate the market and really dig into the capacity issue. And I'm asking this more from a market perspective because none of your competitors kind of validated a capacity issue. And so when you see it, I imagine that, you're one of the biggest in the structural heart lab, so I imagine you probably have the best view. But how are you thinking about capacity here? Is it more of a TAVR volume issue versus capacity? I know the market is still substantial from a top-down basis, just because we don't hear anybody else kind of validating the capacity. So I'd love to get your thoughts there on what you're seeing on the ground. Thanks a lot.
Larry Wood: Sure. Thanks, Robbie. This is Larry. Yes, it's something we spend a lot of time on in the quarter. We spend a lot of time with hospital administrators and with our physicians in the field. And I think one of the things to just think about is, given our market position overall, we're more dependent on market growth than any of our competitors are. For people that are coming off small bases, if they pick up a little bit of share or a few cases here and there, they don't really necessarily see the capacity constraints in the same way. I also think, you just have to look at all of the new technology in the last couple of years that's coming to the Cath Lab space. And frankly, we're part of the problem. As Daveen's growing and bringing in new products like EVOQUE, and we see continued adoption of PASCAL, and you see adoption of other technologies, it's just putting tremendous pressure on the structural heart teams to be able to prioritize patients and to move patients around. Now, we've been very encouraged in our discussions with administrators that, they see this as being a long-term growth part of their hospital systems, which means they now, I think, are starting to realize just not that they're going to have to add some capacity, but they're just not going to be able to move resources around to be able to address the patient needs. So we have heard of hospitals that are now specifically investing in their structural heart space so that you can meet these needs. But it's a little bit different by hospital. There's some places that maybe the constraints are a little bit more physical constraints with rooms than in other places. It's more just a staffing issue, and they can prioritize it. But one of the reasons we brought together a lot of administrators is so that they could share best practices for how they're trying to manage all of the challenges that they have and try to move that forward. And we'll continue to do that, until this gets resolved. But that's kind of an update on where we are. But one thing I will stress is, it's not a shortage of patients. I think we do see backlogs growing. We say time to treat is increasing for our TAVR patients. And that's just the other issue that we have to address because we know these patients don't wait well. Bernard, do you have anything to add just as a broader company?
Bernard Zovighian: No, no. I think you said it all and well, Larry. We are part of the issue here. We are such an innovator in the space with PASCAL, with EVOQUE, with TAVR. We have a market-leading position in TAVR. And you need to realize also that when we bring in EVOQUE in one of the larger TAVR centers, it is taking, it is needing a lot of resource. We want to make it, TR is a new disease. So the health basically, this heart team is learning about the new disease, is training about the new device. We are, then they are screening patients. So it's not like, one day kind of adjusting their workflow. It is taking multiple days, weeks, but we are very confident that they are patients, tricuspid patient, mitral patient, AS patient. We are bringing innovative technologies. The healthcare system have proven to us in the past, they know how to scale and all of these procedures are profitable. So we are confident that yes, it is an issue right now. We don't believe that it is a long-term issue, which is not going to take a few weeks to solve, but it is not going to take a few years to solve also.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Roman with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
David Roman: I wanted to start on just laying out some of the pieces here post TCT. And I appreciate that we won't see the data until next week. But as you think about the subsequent activities that would take place either on the asymptomatic patient population as it relates to label expansion or additional patient activation efforts, what happens next there? And maybe you can kind of talk through some of the dynamics on the tricuspid side as well, appreciating here that the FDA has already approved EVOQUE, and NCD is already underway, and you have the NTAP to support adoption. But maybe help us think about the activities that happen subsequent to TCT, and then when we should realistically expect to see a benefit of that flow through the business assuming positive outcomes in these studies?
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, David, for the question. Anything related to TCT, I suggest we wait until next week, what we did in the next week to make sure we can go very deep with you. We have an event on Monday, and we have even Wednesday, after the 2 presentations. So we will go deep then, and we are also going deep at investor conference. Now with regards to the NCD for EVOQUE, maybe you want to touch on that, Daveen?
Daveen Chopra: Yes. No problem at all. Yes. Right now, we are obviously in a national coverage analysis position where CMS is working along their pathway and through their work where we expect to see a draft NCD hopefully come out by year-end, and we hope to have an NCD in place by the end of Q1. And we're fully supportive of CMS's efforts to get this out as quickly as possible to support patients.
David Roman: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up on the P&L here and understanding that we'll get the guidance in December. But the 27% to 28% operating margin as a starting point implies kind of flattish year-over-year. So is conceptually the right way to think about that, Scott, that the actions you've taken here to right-size the company effectively help you fund the incremental investments associated with the acquired assets, and that that forms a new base of operating margin off of which we can see expansion longer term? And then maybe just, Daveen, to clarify, can you just describe the interplay between the NCD and the NTAP post Q1 of next year?
Scott Ullem: Well, I'll start. And you said it perfectly, David, yes, 27% to 28% implies the impact of the acquisitions and the rightsizing moves that we made this year. And it is a base off of which we will grow. And our plan is that we're going to continue to expand operating margins after we get through 2025. Daveen?
Daveen Chopra: Yes, sure. So the NTAP, which started October 1 is about incremental payment above the existing DRG. So a hospital center, depending on their cost structure and it's very center-dependent, can get incremental payment when they do an EVOQUE case for Medicare for that case. The NCD is about coverage meaning which patients are covered or not to get the payment. So the NCD and what is written in the NCD will help determine which patients and which centers do EVOQUE, and which patients would get reimbursed. The NTAP helps increase the amount of payment for each patient when they do a case.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Travis Steed: I just wanted to clarify the 27% to 28% op margin. That includes the JenaValve the deal that hasn't closed and includes kind of everything, the cost savings? And it seems like that's like $240 million, $250 million in earnings range. I don't know if there's a floor or you'd like to comment on that for the EPS side?
Scott Ullem: So the 27% to 28% includes 3 of the 4 acquisitions. We're not being very specific about what the implications would be for Jena. As we mentioned, we're responding to questions that we've received, and we're expecting that we'll get that that closed next year. As it relates to earnings per share, yes, let's not go there. I don't really want to get overly specific about what that looks like, again, because we want to paint the full picture, including top line growth when we get to the investor conference in December.
Travis Steed: That's fair. I don't know if there's any way to quantify the JenaValve addition on that 27% to 28% op margin, but that's going to be the follow-up. But the other question I was going to ask was, the 5% to 7% TAVR growth that you've kind of been at this year, is that the way to think about kind of your ongoing steady state? Or do you think there's kind of catalyst that could reaccelerate that going forward? Just trying to think about like bigger picture how you're thinking about the TAVR opportunity for Edwards.
Scott Ullem: Yes. Travis, we're thinking about it really positively. We've got a lot of positive catalysts for TAVR. And at the same time, it's just premature to start talking about what the growth rates look like. We're excited to lay it all out for you when we get to December.
Bernard Zovighian: Maybe adding a general comment about profitability and all these kind of things. As you have seen in Q3, we took action to optimize the company. We are looking very seriously at, in a very thoughtful fashion, about cost optimization, resource allocation. So what we want to deliver is sustainable, healthy, profitable growth for the years to come as a company. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Taylor with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Matt Taylor: So I want to ask about the results, but I just want to ask about the timing of impact. If these trials are positive next week, how quickly do you think you could see some positive lift on TAVR and/or TMTT from early TAVR and the tricuspid results?
Bernard Zovighian: Matt, thanks for the question. Again, look, we are going to discuss this in full detail on Monday. It is a little bit not easy for us to discuss before Monday. The trial is embargo, it is a blinded study. We cannot go there right now. But for sure, on Monday, please attend the event and also at the investor conference. Larry is going to talk about TAVR.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Barclays. Please state your question.
Matt Miksic: Thanks so much for taking the question and for the color on 2025. I just wanted to maybe ask Scott, I'm not sure if I missed it, but I appreciate the color on the operating margin. Wondering if, at this stage, you're ready to say anything about the gross margin, FX related or otherwise.
Scott Ullem: Yes. Thanks a lot for the question. Yes. I think for gross margin, we're expecting in the fourth quarter that we'll be back to the high end of our original guidance range of 76% to 78%. And that high end of 76% to 78% is also a reasonable preliminary modeling assumption for 2025. Obviously, there's a lot that can change between now and then. We got foreign exchange running through there. But at this point, that's as much as we can do to help you out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. Please state your question.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you so much for taking the question. I'll put them both at the front. Can you quantify the one-time impacts for the fourth quarter for TAVR? It seems like that's causing a little bit of confusion as people are thinking about how that's progressing sequentially. And then my second question has to do with products. I haven't heard you here or talk about for M3 for mitral replacement in a while. And I don't know if you can just give a little bit of update on the timing of that or when we might see anything incremental.
Scott Ullem: Joanne, thanks for the question. On the first one, the specific impact that we know is relating to the China distributor adjustment, which is about $5 million. The other items that we mentioned are not something that we're ready to quantify at this point. Obviously, we'll talk about everything that happened in the quarter once we finished the quarter, but that's the one number that we can give you right now.
Daveen Chopra: Great. And a follow-up question you had, Joanne, just on about M3. No, we still continue to be excited about SAPIEN M3. This is the first transfemoral sub-30 French mitral valve replacement system, and it's really built off SAPIEN, which we know has been put in thousands of different mitral positions. So right now for Europe, last quarter, we announced we continue to anticipate European launch in mid-2025, and we would have the U.S. at some point after. Specifically related to the U.S., we are in the 1-year follow-up period this year of the M3, and then it takes some time obviously to put the data together, get the PMA in and then there as a standard kind of FDA timeline review whether there's a panel or not. But we continue to be excited about SAPIEN M3. But Larry had a comment too, yes.
Larry Wood: Just a follow-up on Scott's comment, Joanne. We can't exactly quantify the hurricane in the IV solution issue. We know that we were impacted with cases early in the quarter. But I think that that's also behind us. And I don't expect this to be a lingering thing throughout the quarter. And as Scott said previously, we are anticipating our average daily cases to be increasing Q4 over Q3. So I don't want to overstate the impact of these one-timer things when you look at it in the bigger picture.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with UBS. Please state your question.
Danielle Antalffy: Congrats on a good quarter, considering everything. Just a quick question on how we should think about the competitive dynamics. And particularly in the U.S., we'll see some competitive data next week, might see a fourth valve come to market. Would love to hear, appreciate you guys have said today, your share is stable, but how you're thinking about the future? And even the receptivity so far with 3 valves of centers for taking on a third valve, who's losing share to that third valve? And also the pricing dynamic. Sorry, that was a lot, but that's my only question.
Larry Wood: Danielle, maybe I'll start, and then I'll let Bernard comment on just kind of broader company aspects. Yes, we do charge a premium for our platform. We believe our S3 UR represents absolute best-in-class technology and best-in-class performance. It takes all of the things that we've always loved about SAPIEN 3 Ultra but added our RESILIA tissue which we have a deep history with from our surgical business. So we think our platform deserves the premium that we charge globally. I think we always think carefully about competition. We have deep respect for our competitors. But I think when you look at the body of evidence that we've put on the table through our clinical trials, you look at things like PARTNER 3, 99% of our patients were alive and well at a year. You look at 5 years, 90% of our patients were still alive. We think that the technology but also the clinical evidence support our best-in-class premise. But it's our responsibility and it's our job to make sure we're always communicating that with our customers. And it's not just about the price of the device, it's the value we bring to their system. And we just simply think that we offer the best there is in lifetime management of these patients and also running a very efficient TAVR program in terms of procedure time and predictability and discharge. But it's our job to continue to make that case, and I think it's about us being able to do that and execute at a high level.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So if I look at the entire company, I look at, for instance, surgical, 65 years of pioneering innovation. Today, we are, by far, a global leader in premium pricing. Our valve, surgical valve, are the best valves. When I look at TAVR, we are the global leader with a premium pricing, and it is the valve, our TAVR valve is the valve of choice. If you look at what we are doing with EVOQUE, again, we are a pioneer again, creating category leading the space. We bring value to the entire health care ecosystem. So one is we are proud about our history. We like our strategy. It's working. What we are bringing is breakthrough technologies, bringing value to patients and all stakeholders. We know that competition is coming, and it has been there for many years. The structural heart is a large space. There are many patients. It is growing. It is attracting a lot of competitors. But we like our position. We like our technology. We like our strategy. And there are more patients to treat in surgical, in TAVR, in TMTT, in heart failure. And this is why we are so confident in us being able to deliver sustainable, profitable growth in the many years to come. Thanks for the question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Patrick Wood with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Patrick Wood: Beautiful. Thank you. I just had one quick one to follow up on that, which was for TAVR. I can get a sense, but could you maybe give us a sense of how you're seeing growth in some of the larger centers relative to the smaller? I'm thinking about the commentary about where EVOQUE and PASCAL have been rolling out and the disruption from that. So for the smaller programs, have you seen a different kind of growth profile than what you've seen in the larger?
Larry Wood: Yes. This is Larry. That sort of moves around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. I will say that the larger academic programs are the ones that are most likely to be adopting the new therapies and really putting more focus, and those are oftentimes places that are closer to their capacity wall. So we maybe see a little bit of impact in those larger academic programs that are kind of on the forefront of utilizing these new technologies. But it's hard to generalize. We have probably close to 850 centers in the U.S. And to a degree, they all have different challenges. But broadly speaking, I think the large academic centers were the early adopters is probably where we feel a significant amount of the pressure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Maeder with Piper Sandler.
Adam Maeder: I'll keep it to one. I wanted to ask about EVOQUE and specifically the NTAP that went into effect on October 1. I'm just wondering if you've seen any kind of noticeable impact to uptake in the past couple of weeks. How do you think about the impact of improved reimbursement going forward? And then the second part of the question is just on the 56-millimeter valve size, now that that's FDA approved, just curious how big of a patient population does that valve size serve?
Daveen Chopra: No, I appreciate the question, Adam. So talking a little bit first about the NTAP and EVOQUE. Obviously, I think the incremental reimbursement obviously provides a tailwind to people wanting to use EVOQUE. There were some centers who were maybe holding off a little bit or taking a little bit more time to get the EVOQUE training curve leading up to NTAP, then they're waiting for NTAP to get on board. But that being said, we're still just seeing such strong demand across the board from different centers to open up new centers that I think it provides a little bit catalyst, but we just have consistent demand from centers. We haven't got a chance to open up yet across the board. So that's probably a comment on NTAP. Specifically on the 56, we're excited with the 56 approval at that fourth size, now larger size on. We don't have perfect data but based on what we've seen from previously screened patients, it maybe adds 20% or 25% applicability to the overall pool. So we're glad to have the size available for those patients who need it.
Operator: Thank you. And we have run out of time for questions at this point. So I will now hand the floor back to Bernard Zovighian for closing remarks. Thank you.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. No, thank you for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, Mark, and myself welcome any additional questions by telephone. Thank you, everyone. And see you next week at TCT.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, we conclude today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Second Quarter 2024 Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mark Wilterding, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Kevin. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. With me on today's call is our CEO, Bernard Zovighian; and our CFO, Scott Ullem. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call will be Larry Wood, our Global President of TAVR and Surgical Structural Heart; Daveen Chopra, our Global Leader of TMTT; Wayne Markowitz, our Global Leader of Surgical Structural Heart; and Katie Szyman, our Global Leader of Critical Care. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released second quarter 2024 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but are not limited to, financial guidance and expectations for growth opportunities, strategy, leverage and integration of acquisitions, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important safety information may be found in the press release, our 2023 annual report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to constant currency sales growth, which is defined in the quarterly press release issued earlier today. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are also included in the company's press release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bernard for his comments.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Mark, and thank you all for joining us. This afternoon we issued two press releases which the team and I will review in more detail with you now. The first, outlining our Q2 results. And the second, highlighting our acquisition of JenaValve, a pioneer in the transcatheter treatment of aortic rehabilitation or AR. And Endotronix, a leader in heart failure management solutions. I will start with our second quarter performance. Total company sales of $1.6 billion increased 8% on a constant currency basis versus the year ago period. In addition, we made important advancements in our clinical research, new product introductions and efforts by Edwards employees to address the unmet needs of many more patients around the world. TAVR growth in the second quarter was lower than expected, yet we are pleased with the increasingly significant contribution from TMTT. Our vision for TMTT is becoming a reality and our strategic commitment has developed into a growth portfolio of differentiated technology. Overall, Edwards remain well-positioned to deliver strong, sustainable growth. We also announced this afternoon two acquisitions, JenaValve and Endotronix. We have known this company for many years. Discussions with the companies have been ongoing for some time and the timing of these acquisitions coincided with earnings. We are pleased to expand into two new structural heart therapeutic areas, AR and heart failure, and we will leverage our innovation capabilities with worldclass science and clinical evidence to ensure accelerated access to life-saving technologies for patients around the world. Now, I will provide some additional detail on Q2 results by product group. In TAVR, second quarter global sales of $1.04 billion increased 6% year-over-year, lower than we planned. Edwards competitive position did not meaningfully change globally, although we experienced some regional pressure, and we maintain pricing. We are confident in our differentiated technology, high-quality evidence and the value we continue to demonstrate to patients, clinicians and the healthcare system. We remain focused on continuing our deep commitment to advancing evidence for AS patients. At the New York Valves meeting in June, we presented additional analysis from the PARTNER trials, which demonstrated excellent clinical outcome up to five years in women and patient with small annuli. Adding to the global body of evidence on the platform, we also anticipate additional data from the RHEIA study to be presented at the upcoming [ESC] (ph) Meeting in London. RHEIA is a prospective randomized study in more than 400 patients across 35 sites in Europe comparing the safety and efficacy of TAVR versus surgery in women with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis. We are actively pursuing significant opportunity to grow TAVR globally over the long-term and are proud to continue our deep commitment to advancing science for aortic stenosis patient through the progress and early TAVR trials, which could fundamentally change how AS patients are treated. Early TAVR trial results will be presented at TCT this year, and we believe if the data are compelling, it could have a meaningful impact on the timing for patient treatment, while also streamlining referral and patient care for all severe AS patients. In the US, our year-over-year second quarter TAVR sales growth was slightly below our global constant currency growth rate. We believe our US competitive position was largely unchanged. Second quarter, US TAVR sales grew slower than expected. The continued growth and expansion of structural heart therapies, including newly approved tricuspid therapies and other fast-growing structural heart therapies put pressure on hospital workflows, which impacted TAVR. These pressures were also observed in the recent spike in emergent TAVR cases as reflected in claims data. As centers adopt these new therapies and they become part of extended processes, we expect this will stabilize. We know from experience that hospital have historically demonstrated the ability to scale to support transcatheter procedure growth over time. We believe significant undertreatment of severe AS persists, evidence demonstrates that a large number of in-system patients currently go untreated. We are accelerating our efforts to improve referrals and treatment rates for patient already in the hospital system who are suffering from severe symptomatic aortic stenosis. We recently launched the Edwards ENACT patient activation program, which leverage a comprehensive cardiovascular AI platform and worldclass support to bring real-time insights to TAVR program and improve quality of care for patients. This first of its kind program is focused on streamlining the identification, evaluation and treatment of severe aortic stenosis patient within the hospital system. Outside of the US, in the second quarter, our constant currency TAVR sales growth was slightly above our global TAVR growth. In Japan, we generated double-digit sales growth driven by SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA. We continue to focus on expanding the ability of this therapy and believe AS remain a significant under threated disease among the substantial elderly population in Japan. In Europe, while share is down slightly on an annualized basis, we were pleased with the momentum, driven by the launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA. We are pleased with high procedure success rate and exceptional patient outcome. We expect the momentum to continue to build as more centers have experienced with the first-choice valve for lifetime management. In closing, we now anticipate second half TAVR sales growth similar to the first half year-over-year growth rate of 5% to 7% full year growth rate versus previously guidance of 8% to 10%. This equate to full year global TAVR sales of $4 billion to $4.2 billion. We believe hospitals are motivated to continue scaling to accommodate increasing volume of transcatheter procedures, which will bring tremendous value to patients and the healthcare system. We remain confident that Edwards is positioned for healthy and sustainable TAVR growth, driven by our differentiated TAVR portfolio, our deep commitment to advancing patient care for high-quality clinical evidence and new indications and our investment in patient activation initiative. Turning to TMTT. Our deep structural heart expertise has enabled us to significantly advance our portfolio of differentiated technologies, including the PASCAL repair system, the EVOQUE tricuspid replacement system and the SAPIEN M3 mitral replacement system. Our exciting pipeline of innovations is addressing the large unmet needs for patients with mitral and tricuspid disease. In Q2, we achieved positive results with sales of $83 million, representing a 75% increase versus the prior year. Q2 sales were led by PASCAL globally and early commercial introduction of EVOQUE in the US and Europe. PASCAL adoption is growing, reflecting its premium differentiation and the value it brings to physician and patients. We believe the mitral tier markets continues to grow double-digit in both the US and Europe. We are excited to bring this therapy to more geographies, more physicians and more patients. The EVOQUE commercial launch continue to progress well. Our disciplined strategy is focused on outstanding patient outcome in centers investing resources required to grow a successful tricuspid program. We are now opening new centers both in Europe and the US after having started with our clinical trial sites. We continue to see strong interest in the therapy, which reflects the significant unmet need in this population of patient who have few options for treatment. Our early real-world commercial experience has demonstrated excellent clinical results. Consistent with those from the TRISCEND II trial. We look forward to presenting the full cohort of TRISCEND II data at the TCT Conference in October. Last month, CMS announced the opening of a national coverage analysis for transcatheter tricuspid valve replacement. Since EVOQUE was granted FDA breakthrough status and is utilizing the CMS parallel review process, we believe CMS can move quickly to finalize national coverage. SAPIEN M3 remains on-track to be our first transcatheter mitral valve replacement therapy to gain regulatory approval and launch around the world. We are also pleased to have received a breakthrough designation from the FDA, and we completed enrollment in the mitral annulus classification or MAC arm of our ENCIRCLE study. We now expect SAPIEN M3 to receive CE Mark earlier than previously expected by mid-2025, with FDA approval in the US to follow in 2026. Earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of JenaValve. JenaValve early-stage technology will add to our growing pipeline of innovative therapy in TMTT and we expect to close the acquisition later this year. We further expect that JenaValve technology combined with Edwards expertise in mitral disease will enhance the company TMVR technologies to address large unmet structural heart patient needs and support sustainable long-term growth. Based on the first half 2024 momentum and the ongoing global adoption of our differentiated technology PASCAL and EVOQUE we are increasing full year sales guidance for TMTT to the higher end of our previous $320 million to $340 million range. We remain confident that our unique portfolio strategy with repair and replacement therapies for both mitral and tricuspid disease will offer clinician the broader set of options needed to treat this complex and diverse patients. The advancement of our long-term TMTT strategy has positioned us for strong, sustainable growth over many years, driven by a growing portfolio of innovative therapies. In surgical structural heart second quarter sales of $264 million increased 5% over the prior year. Growth was driven by strong global adoption of Edwards premium surgical technologies INSPIRIS, MITRIS and KONECT. We continue to see positive procedure growth globally for the many patients best treated surgically, including those undergoing complex procedures. We continue to expand the overall body of RESILIA evidence and have completed enrollment in the US and Canada for our momentous critical trial studying RESILIA performance and the mitral position. MITRIS adoption in Europe is ramping up, and we are pleased to have been granted reimbursement for the device in France earlier than expected. In summary, we remain confident that our full year 2024 surgical sales will be 6% to 8% driven by continued adoption of our RESILIA portfolio and growth in overall heart valve surgeries. In Critical Care, second quarter sales were $246 million, which increased 7% versus the prior year. Growth was led by a pressure monitoring devices using the ICU with strong contribution from our SMART Recovery technologies, including the Acumen IQ sensor. Demand was also strong for Swan-Ganz catheter. Critical Care remains focused on driving growth through SMART Recovery and SMART Expansion, which are designed to help clinicians make more informed decision and get patients home to their family faster. Since announcing the sales of Critical Care to Becton Dickinson in June, our team has made significant progress and we plan to close by late Q3. I want to thank all of them for their hard work and dedication. Turning now to the strategic acquisition of JenaValve and Endotronix. These acquisitions provide an expanded opportunity in new therapeutic areas to address the unmet needs of AR and heart failure patients around the world. Furthermore, the acquisition reflects our deep commitment to advancing patient care through our unique strategy and reinforce our confidence in Edwards sustainable long-term growth. Starting with JenaValve, a pioneer in the transcatheter treatment of AR, a deadly disease that impacts more than 100,000 patients in the US alone and is largely untreated today. Edwards anticipate US FDA approval of the JenaValve Trilogy Heart Valve System in late 2025, which will represent the first approved therapy for patient suffering from AR. Edwards will invest to accelerate development of this novel technology to enable earlier patient access. As the pioneers in valve innovation, we believe we are best positioned to lead this next frontier of aortic valve disease treatment. We expect this to be the beginning of a long-term iterative strategy similar to TAVR. Turning to Endotronix. Edwards made its first investment in the company in 2016. So we are very familiar with the technology, the opportunity and the employees. Many structural heart patients Edwards serves today also suffer from heart failure with limited options. This acquisition will expand Edwards structural heart portfolio into a new therapeutic area to address the large unmet needs of patients suffering from heart failure, which we believe has a significant long-term growth opportunity. Last month, Endotronix received FDA approval for Cordella, an implantable preliminary artillery pressure sensor that directly measure the leading indicator of congestion following the publication of a successful US pivotal trial. We are pleased to enter the structural heart therapeutic area with innovation, worldclass science, and clinical evidence to provide access to life-saving technologies for patients around the world. We anticipate this investment will strengthen its leadership in structural heart innovation and represent long-term growth opportunity. Minimal revenue contribution from JenaValve and Endotronix is expected to begin late in 2025. As you can tell, we have a lot of positive momentum and many catalysts across our core businesses, TAVR, TMTT and Surgical combined with opportunities to reach new patient population. And now, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: [Technical Difficulty] quarter total company sales performance, where TAVR sales growth came in below our expectations. However, it's important to understand broader context, we are pleased that TMTT continues to outperform our expectations. And overall underlying sales growth, including Critical Care was nearly 8%, adjusted EPS was $0.70. GAAP earnings per share of $0.61 included one-time separation expenses related to the sale of Critical Care. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release. So, now I'll cover additional details of our P&L, which reflect total company results, including Critical Care. Note that Critical Care will be presented as a discontinued operation in the 10-Q we will file next week. As we noted in the press release, we'll provide Q4 2024 information reflecting the sale of Critical Care and the acquisitions announced this month when we report third quarter results. For the second quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 77.1% compared to 77.7% in the same period last year. Last year's second quarter gross profit margin benefited from a more favorable impact from foreign exchange rates. We expect Edwards Q3 adjusted gross profit margin, including Critical Care to be in line with Q2, driven by high-value technologies that yield strong gross profit margins. Adjusted, selling general and administrative expenses in the quarter were $509 million or 31.2% of sales compared to $469 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by an expansion of field-based personnel to support growth of our transcatheter therapies, including the launch and rollout of PASCAL and EVOQUE. Adjusted research and development expenses in the second quarter grew 12% over the prior year to $303 million or 18.6% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter valve innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 5.2% or adjusted 8.4%. Our unusually favorable non-GAAP rate in the second quarter reflects several positive one-time items that were recorded during the quarter. This unexpected favorability in our tax rate benefited earnings per share by $0.04 in the second quarter. Foreign exchange rates decreased second quarter adjusted sales growth by 120 basis points or $17.6 million compared to the prior year. FX rates negatively impacted our second quarter adjusted gross profit margin by 60 basis points compared to last year's second quarter. Free cash flow for the second quarter was reduced $47 million for payments associated with special activities relating to the separation of Critical Care. Excluding the impact of these items, adjusted free cash flow was $333 million. First half adjusted free cash flow was $539 million. We expect to receive cash from the sale of Critical Care in the third quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $2 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of June 30. Now I'll finish this update with comments about our previously announced sale of Critical Care, as well as guidance relating to our acquisition announcements. We announced on June 3 that Edwards entered into an agreement to sell Critical Care to BD, and we are planning to close the sale late in the third quarter. During the second quarter, we recorded $80 million of one-time costs associated with the sale. Additional one-time costs will be incurred throughout 2024. We expect Q3 sales, including the assumption that we own Critical Care for the full quarter of $1.56 billion to $1.64 billion and Q3 earnings per share of $0.67 to $0.71. We do not expect the recently announced acquisitions to contribute to Edwards sales in 2024. We intend to provide fourth quarter guidance reflecting the sale of Critical Care and the acquisitions announced this month when third quarter results are reported in October. We will also provide 2025 guidance at our Investor Conference in New York on December 4. In the meantime, I'll share a few early expectations for 2025. Next year we expect minimal revenue from acquisitions. While we are planning on incremental operating expenses from these early-stage companies, partially offset by operational efficiencies we plan to realize following the sale of Critical Care. We do not expect increased operating efficiencies to completely offset the loss of profits from the sale of Critical Care in 2025, but we are planning healthy, long-term profit growth. In addition, we plan to maintain a strong balance sheet to support continued internal and external investments as well as opportunistic share repurchase. Most importantly, we are confident in the moves we have made to reshape our portfolio of technologies to focus specifically on structural heart. The sale of Critical Care provides extra management bandwidth, as well as additional liquidity to fund external growth investments. And at the same time, our original vision for TMTT is becoming a reality and the early-stage investments we made in companies like JenaValve and Endotronix position us to acquire high-quality and high potential businesses with talented employees. We have other jewels in our portfolio of internal and external investments that will benefit Edwards in the years ahead. Over the long-term, we see an exciting future with expanded opportunities in large and growing market, which we believe will result in sustainable double-digit revenue and earnings per share growth. So with that, I'll pass it back to Bernard.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Scott. So let me share a few closing thoughts. In TAVR, we have significant opportunities, and we are committed to growing globally by advancing science over long-term, progress and early TAVR trials could fundamentally change how AS patient are treated. In TMTT, our deep expertise has enabled us to significantly advance our exciting portfolio of innovation. And our long-term TMTT strategy has position us for strong, sustainable growth over many years. In surgical structural heart, we continue to see strong global adoption of our premium surgical technologies. Our JenaValve and Endotronix acquisitions provide an expanded opportunity in new therapeutic areas. The buffer presents significant long-term opportunities. We remain confident that our innovative therapy will allow Edwards to treat more patient around the world and continue to drive strong organic growth in the years to come. Our special inclinations increasingly recognize the significant benefit of transcatheter-based technology, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunity. With that, I will turn back to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you, Bernard. We're ready to take questions now. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Kevin, please go ahead with additional details on accessing the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Your line is now live.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Two for me. Let me start with early TAVR, and then I had a follow up for Scott on 2025. So what would be -- for early TAVR, what would be compelling to you? Do you need to show a mortality benefit to be more compelling? And how should we think about the impact on your TAVR growth if the study is positive, do you expect it to accelerate the TAVR growth in 2025 above the 5% to 7% you expect this year? And I had one follow up.
Larry Wood: Sure. Hey, Larry. This is Larry. Thanks for your question. I think at a very high level there needs to be a compelling story for why early intervention is better and basically make the case against watchful waiting. And we've done a lot of work when we were powering the trial, and we obviously had a lot of belief in it. The primary endpoint is death, stroke and rehospitalization. And so, it's really the composite of all those. And winning that trial and obviously, the more you would win it by makes the more compelling case. In terms of the individual components, we'll have to look at those. But when you think about it from the patient journey if they're waiting and bad things are happening to them while they're waiting, and it's resulting in unplanned rehospitalization, or it's resulting in stroke, or it's resulting in mortality, all those are very meaningful things, and that's why they're all composites in the endpoint, so we'll have to wait and see the data, we'll have to see the story, but death, stroke and rehospitalization has kind of become almost a standard now for most of these trials because the clinical community believe these are all important considerations and endpoints.
Bernard Zovighian: Maybe let me add something to what Larry said. For sure asymptomatic is very important to us and to the community and to patients. But it is one thing of one of the many things we are doing, and we are confident in growing this TAVR opportunity. So asymptomatic is one, patient activation, we see some impact already, but also moderate. So if you think about over the next few years, we see many catalysts. It is why we are confident in this TAVR opportunity. Granted, we know that Q2 was lower than expected, and I guess we are going to talk about it, but in front of us, we see that this opportunity as a big one, like we saw it few years ago, still we see it, still we are confident, and we are doing all the things to realize this opportunity.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And Scott, thanks for the initial color on 2025. I'm sure you know that's important. Everyone on this call right now to try to understand -- try to as best as we can to model that. So a couple of pieces, follow ups on that. The press release says strong sustainable growth. It doesn't say 10% operational growth for the remaining business in 2025. I just want to confirm that that 10% from the analyst meeting last year in December is not -- you're not reiterating that today. And second, on dilution, we estimate -- I think most of us estimate about $0.40 of dilution from Critical Care spin, any reaction to that? And the incremental spending you talked about from the acquisitions, any additional color on that? And just lastly, the use of the proceeds, should we just assume share, buyback or additional M&A? Thank you.
Scott Ullem: All right. That's a multi-part follow up question. Let me try to hit a couple of the things you asked about, Larry. First of all, on the 10% long-term top line growth, we're just not commenting on guidance at this point, it doesn't mean we're increasing it or decreasing it or changing it. It's just the kind of thing where we don't update that during the course of the year, so we're not providing an update today. We will definitely provide an update as we always do at our December investor conference. For dilution from Critical Care. Yes, a lot of this depends upon how we end up prioritizing investments in the company as we separate Critical Care. And as you can imagine, there are a lot of different moving pieces as we do that. So we're not going to be able to give you a specific figure on, I'll call it, remain co, ex-Critical Care at this point. And it does tie to your question about incremental operating expenses that we're absorbing with these acquisitions, and those depend upon a couple of things. One is, when we actually close the acquisitions and start to realize that spending. Two, how we end up integrating them inside of Edwards. And as you can imagine, we just announced them today, so those plans are not completely developed. Finally, in terms of use of proceeds from Critical Care. As you know we're always interested in buying back stock. We're always looking for buying opportunities. But the first call on cash hasn't changed one bit, which is we're going to continue to invest in the company. We're going to continue to invest in the capacity that we need to support the growth of the company. We'll certainly be looking at other external investments. And then finally, we'll look at capital, at allocating capital to share buyback. So there's a little bit of color and we'll obviously give you a lot more as we get towards the end of the year.
Bernard Zovighian: Larry, on the guidance, I agree with what Scott said about. We are not planning to communicate the guidance on 2025. But if you look at the quarter, TAVR grew about 6%, the company about 8%. So you see a big contribution from TMTT, and we see that contribution to get bigger as we go because right now we are just at the beginning of PASCAL expansion. Just at the beginning of the EVOQUE expansion. We have M3 coming, in TAVR, we have asymptomatic end of the year, so are we confident about sustainable growth over the long-term? Yes. We are going to talk about guidance in December.
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question Today is coming from Robbie Marcus from JP Morgan. Your line is live.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Two from me. Maybe first, you talked about it in the script, but I was hoping you could give a little more, TAVR has clearly come in below your initial expectations for the year. The guidance has moved down. The US is slowing. OUS is facing pressure. We saw two of your smaller competitors, but still competitors see pretty nice growth sequentially and year-over-year. So the TAVRS taking more in Europe and outside the US, Japan. How are you thinking just about the underlying growth rate of the TAVR market? And I appreciate it's a huge opportunity and it's still a lot to conquer in the future, but in, let's call it the short to medium term, how are you thinking about the overall market growth? And is there anything you can do to help accelerate it?
Scott Ullem: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. Well, obviously we expected growth rate to be higher in Q2 than it was. We had a slow start in Q1, but we were exiting March and we felt good about where we were. So this did come as a surprise. I think when we reflect back on it, and we look more deeply at it, you have to think about all the things that have shown up that are going to the same structural heart team at all of these hospitals. We're seeing rapid growth in mitral repair. We're seeing a lot of growth in other procedures, and we had two new therapy approvals recently in the tricuspid space, and I think a little bit we looked at the procedure volumes and the hospitals have shown a pretty good job of being able to handle these things. We probably underestimated the burden of even starting these new programs, even preparing to start these new programs, because you have to screen the patients early on. There's a lot of learning, screen failures, all of those things, and I think it's just tackling the teams. Now, in terms of things we can do to help, there are certainly things we can do to help. We can do a lot of imaging workups and take some of the load off the team. We can do device prep. We can come in with our benchmark program and teach them efficiencies and do those things. But once a program has been optimized that it really does come down to the hospital to add another team or add additional days and do those sorts of things. So there are some things we can do, but we can't do everything. I think the other thing is, I think highlighting this for the clinicians and we're very confident, this isn't some slowdown because there's a lack of patients. We didn't see any of the fundamentals change in terms of new data that was concerning or any of these things, I think it's just a matter of the workflow right now. And we need to be able to engage with hospitals. But two important things we saw is we saw an increase in time from CT to procedure, which indicates patients are waiting longer and the other thing that we saw was a sharp increase in the number of cases being quoted as emergent versus routine. And I think that speaks to these patients waiting in the queue as these workflow issues sort out. So I think hospitals will certainly do that in time. These patients don't wait well, and we know that there's a lot of them, but we're going to have to continue to work through that with the hospitals.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So let me add on what Larry said. To be fair, we are contributing a little bit on this pressure. At the same time we are benefiting. If you look at the TMTT growth in the quarter. So we are contributing and benefiting at the same time. Now, big picture, we have seen this picture in the past, don't you think we have seen hospital facing like more to do, more technology to adopt, to be trying on new technologies, and we are very good at scaling. We are very good at learning. We are very good at adapting their workflows in the cath lab, so we believe it is temporary. And we are the real still with this team are, with Larry are partnering on this one. So we are fully focusing on this one helping in real hospital. But we have faith the hospital are going to do that like they did it in the last 10 years. Thanks.
Robbie Marcus: Great. And maybe a follow-up to that guidance implies roughly stable TAVR first half into second half. I appreciate the need to be conservative, but it sounds like some of the learnings you saw in second quarter could possibly help in the back half of the year. Maybe just walk through the thought process of the 5% to 7% TAVR guide and kind of what you're baking into that? Thanks a lot.
Scott Ullem: Yes. I mean, it's pretty straightforward which is we're baking into it similar market conditions. The year-over-year calculation is pretty similar. Fourth quarter comp gets a little bit tougher. But we think that all things considered, that 5% of the low end, 7% on the high end captures the likely scenario for the second half combined with the first half that we've already reported.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks.
Bernard Zovighian: We believe, to add on that one, we believe early TAVR, TCT, it will be already almost the end of a quarter, Robbie. So TCT is in late October. So we believe it will have a very minimal impact in Q4. So it is why we didn't want to take too much risk here.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now live.
David Roman: Thank you, and good afternoon. I wanted just to come back actually on some of Larry's comments there regarding, and maybe you're characterizing it as capacity. And as you think about the myriad of therapies going into structural heart right now, whether that is some of the new valve therapies, whether it's Watchman. To what extent do you think hostile economics factor into the decision and prioritization making here and how does that, if it does in any way impact your kind of pricing decision around TAVR or EVOQUE?
Larry Wood: Yes, it's a good question. And I'll defer to Daveen on EVOQUE, but I'll start with the TAVR side of it. It doesn't really change the pricing, and we don't think this is an economically driven thing. I think when new therapies come forward, hospitals are competitive. They want to be able to offer all of the therapies. And that means they want to aggressively start these newer programs and make sure that they can offer all of the options for their patients. And so, I think that's what's driving some of this more than other things. And I think all companies before they're willing to bring a new technology in, they want to -- the center has to demonstrate competence, right? They have to demonstrate they have the ability to screen, they have to have patients in queue and all those things. And I think it becomes a big thing, but I don't think this is an economically driven thing. I think it is just the result of all the new things that are coming into the cath lab and again, I think that does get corrected with time.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, this is Daveen, and I'll just jump in for a second here. We're seeing as we bring in new therapy like EVOQUE, right, while procedure times are relatively efficient, and they are, they're an hour-long procedures. It takes up a lot of energy, effort, thoughts, processes to start a new therapy, right? It takes a lot of bandwidth for people in terms of trying to find the patients, where are the referrals coming from? How does it kind of work through the system? How we pre-case plan? And these are often the same groups of people, valve clinic coordinators, interventional cardiologists, etc. that are working on TAVR. So as you bring in just a new therapy and start building it up, it takes a while, a lot of bandwidth and a lot of energy to get it going. But then over time, like we've seen for every other therapy, you create efficiency. It gets faster, and we're going to help them do that. But hospital then figure out, okay, now this is how the therapy is going to work its way through the system, and it becomes more efficient and becomes better so that there is more capacity to do more procedures overall.
David Roman: That's very helpful. And maybe just a related follow-up to that, can you maybe unpack the $83 million in the TMTT line for us in a little bit more detail. It sounds like minimal EVOQUE contribution with PASCAL accelerating. But maybe if you could sort of delineate a little bit the different product drivers within there, and then maybe some of the different geographic drivers? And then maybe if I could sneak a follow-up into the response there, how long do you think Larry it takes to dislodge the sort of capacity constrain or sort of that digestion of multiple therapies going to the systems?
Daveen Chopra: This is Daveen. I'll start off a little bit with TMTT. I mean, first, just at a higher level. We were actually super excited to see that in quarter two, our vision becoming more and more reality. We've made a strategic commitment that we need a portfolio of repair and replacement technologies for the many different mitral and tricuspid patients, and it was nice to see that step forward in Q2. Also, when you break it down on the level Q1 sales were led by PASCAL, right. PASCAL is a larger pool. It continues to grow in adoption. We believe in this differentiated premium technology, and it was our largest growth driver. We also did see the early commercial introduction in the US and Europe of EVOQUE, right, EVOQUE got approved in Europe late last year, in the US earlier this year, so we're beginning that important process of training centers getting up to speed, beginning to train our own internal people and start that kind of case cadence. So those were kind of the two. And in terms of size and scale, just because in Europe we've been in Europe since 2019 now that's a much larger base. Since when you have a larger base, you have kind of a stronger growth coming off that, but the US is growing up quickly now. And we're continuing to expand our technologies around the world beyond just the US and Europe.
Larry Wood: Yes. And just to follow up, how long does it take to dislodge? It's hard for us to be exact, and I think we try to account for that in our guidance that it's not a light switch. But the best analogy I can say is when we brought TAVR into all these hospitals, we heard repeatedly that there was impact on coronary procedures and other things that were going on in the cath lab, and we were kind of taking up a little bit of that mind share, a little bit of that workflow space, but it wasn't sustainable. You can't just park your coronary patients forever. And you can't park AS patients forever. So I think once centers have certainty of the added workload and certainty of the volume, I think they add the resource, and they do the things necessary, but nobody's going to go hire a bunch of people in advance as the new therapy show up. They always are kind of recovering as the workload gets high, and I think to agree that's just how hospital systems operate.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes, we are confident by experience that the hospital and we do learn fast, adjust their workflow, their processes. And this is why we are seeing it is temporary, obviously, patients when they stay home, they have a terrible quality of life, and many of them are dying, so I don't believe it is sustainable. And everybody is committed. The hospital are committed. We are committed. So when you have a full commitment behind it, we know it is going to be resolved.
David Roman: Got it. Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Josh Jennings from TD Cowen. Your line is now live.
Joshua Jennings: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Wanted to just start off with the TAVR outlook and kind of longer-term you guys have put a $10 billion kind of TAM forecast by 2028 in the past. Should we eventually still be thinking about that TAM opportunity being in place, but maybe pushed out a little bit or maybe the aortic regurgitation indication gets you there by 2028, but you may not be reiterating today, but it sounds like you're confident in the TAVR market in that $10 billion TAM, but not sure if you're reiterating it now.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes, I think you said it in your question. We are confident we are not updating the guidance for next year or for 2028 here on the market, but we are confident. We will do so in December at the investor conference in New York. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Travis Steed from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Travis Steed: Hey, thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to go back and circle back on Robbie's question on TAVR. It feels like there's a little bit more of a change here. Just three months ago, you thought TAVR was going to accelerate over the course of the year. I thought the 8% to 10% at the beginning of the year was supposed to be a conservative guide. So just want to understand like, I hear what you're saying on TMTT, but that's a small number of faction versus the overall TAVR centers, so I don't know if there's anything else that you'd kind of call out or kind of what surprised you on the TAVR line. I know there was some of the European stuff and competition there that you called out last quarter, just understanding kind of the full change and why you got the initial TAVR guide wrong at the start of this year.
Larry Wood: Yes. Thanks, Travis. Yes. When we exited Q1, we thought we were on a good ramp, and we thought we were on a good pace, and that's why reiterated guidance and we felt good about it and we just didn't see that play out in Q2 the way that we anticipated and by no means do I mean to say this is all Daveen's fault and it's all EVOQUE because that's not accurate or fair when you look at the number of procedures. I think it's the cumulative impact of all the things that have hit the structural heart teams over the last year, and it's one of those things you can always increase a little capacity, work a little harder, increase a little capacity, work a little bit harder, but then at some point, you reach a breakpoint when it's simply too much. And the heaviest lift for centers is starting a program and it's not just the procedure volume. It's all that screening and all of the case reviews and all the interaction that just consumes a lot of resources and a lot of time and the training, they have to go to training and observe cases, in many cases, and all of those sorts of things. And so, I think it's just the cumulative impact of those things that happen over time. And we did see the slowdown more acutely in large centers and small centers, which fits a little bit of the model as well in terms of the centers that are most likely to be looking to start these new programs and are competitive about that. And again, I said it earlier, but we did see a spike in emerging cases over routine cases, and I think that fits what we're saying as well. But that's not going to be sustainable for people. Emerging cases have more complications. They don't have as good a patient outcomes and people will have longer length of stay and that's going to adversely impact patients and the hospitals themselves. So I think people will have to adjust it over time. And we're going to have to work closely with them to help them do that.
Travis Steed: All right. That's helpful. Any color on Q3 TAVR and kind of where that's settling out versus the full year guide. I think you guys had extra selling days in Q3. And then on the dilution from the acquisitions, I know there's like a range of outcomes like that's going to be, but we all have a pretty good sense of Critical Care and the dilution there, but just to give a sense of kind of range of outcomes on some of the dilutions that you've got, like I was thinking. $0.10 is kind of ballpark, but I don't know if you'd react to that at all.
Scott Ullem: Yes. Thanks for the question, Travis. In Q3, you're right, we do have a little help from extra selling days in the third quarter. And that's factored into our guidance. It's in the guide that we provided. In terms of dilution from acquisitions, again, we've got to first close the acquisitions, then work on integrating them. Obviously, we spent a lot of time with the plan, but it takes some time, actually, before we actually get businesses inhouse and start recording what kind of financial implications there are before we can report out on those. We'll know a lot more by the end of next quarter when we've actually gotten further down the path, and we'll talk about it then. And of course, we'll give full guidance for EPS in 2025 at our investor conference.
Travis Steed: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Matt Taylor from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Matthew Taylor: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I wanted to follow up on some of your US TAVR commentary and the workflow angle, because I'd like to understand better why you think it's showing up so acutely now, I guess, given you're still in a limited rollout of EVOQUE. Is this an issue that's been matriculating for a while and we're just seeing it more now? And could you help us understand your history there, you talked about the impact on coronaries. How long do you think it'll take for the hospital to adjust. Is this a one quarter or three-quarter issue or it'd take years. What kind of time frame would you put on them adjusting to accommodate the additional workflows?
Larry Wood: Yes. Thanks, Matt. The thing that I would say is, I guess if I were to draw an analogy, if you had a factory and you saw demand for your product going up, you can always add a little more hours and you always have a little bit of excess capacity. And you can adjust to those things. I think there is just a point in time where you hit a wall, and it's harder to do those things, and I think that's a little bit of what we saw here. It's the cumulative effect of all of these things that have played out over time. If you look at total cath lab procedures for the structural heart team in the last three years is probably close to double during that period of time, which is a lot of growth that these teams are having to absorb and they're having to adapt to, and I think it will take time. And again, when you're starting these new programs, these new therapies, that's the heaviest lift part of it. And again, I think this gets corrected over time, and we'll work closely with the hospitals to do that. But we reflected that in our guidance and just wanted to be realistic and not be tone deaf to what's happened, but on the same thing I'll tell you is none of us are happy with the growth rate. None of us are happy adjusting guidance and we're going to be working as hard as we can to do everything we can to restore the growth to where we think it should be.
Bernard Zovighian: And we are not happy as a company, the patients are not happy, the physician are not happy, the hospital are not happy. So we are fully aligned about it is a problem we need to solve it. So it is why also we are confident here.
Matthew Taylor: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Vijay Kumar from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess one on, just based on what competition is saying, I know there's been noise on small and light trial. How do you respond to -- this is not competitive dynamics what we're seeing in the US market?
Larry Wood: Sure. Yeah. We presented our data at New York Valves, and I don't think we've seen the impact of that in any meaningful way. I know some of the smaller competitors have reported, but you have to take their growth rates in consideration of the base they're growing off of versus the base that we're growing off of globally.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And maybe Scott, one for you on the guidance here, EPS, your prior guidance $2.70 to $2.80 inclusive of Critical Care, right, is that still intact or what's the new range? I just want to get an apples-to-apples sort of EPS baseline.
Scott Ullem: It's a fair question. We are not providing a new update. And the reason is because we know Critical Care is going to close sometime late in the third quarter. But as a result, fourth quarter will not include Critical Care. And so, we obviously, looked at a whole bunch of different pro forma scenarios, but it didn't make sense to try to provide some kind of a bridge to the original $2.70 to $2.80 guidance. So, sorry, but we've not given an updated number for the full company just because it's not -- it wouldn't be comparable with Critical Care coming out at the end of the third quarter.
Vijay Kumar: Or is there a comparable like, without Critical Care for the full year, what the underlying number is.
Scott Ullem: Well, the underlying number is actually pretty similar in terms of growth rate with and without Critical Care. And our guidance for the full company is 8% to 10% underlying growth. That's similar, whether it includes Critical Care for the full year or excludes Critical Care for the full year, but we have not translated that down to EPS, with or without.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Patrick Wood from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Patrick Wood: Fabulous. Thank you so much. Just two quick ones. I guess, on the EVOQUE side and the initial rollout on the clinical feedback and success that you guys have had. How's that been going? There's been a little bit of volatility in the more database. So I'm just curious how the clinician feedback has been.
Daveen Chopra: Hey, thanks so much, Patrick. This is Daveen. Overall, if you pull back, we've actually been very pleased with the initial rollout of EVOQUE in both the US and Europe. We continue to see really strong physician demand and it really, for us, reinforces the unmet need of these patient group who are looking for better solutions. As I mentioned earlier, we're seeing those predictable outcome times. We're seeing it similar to the clinical trials. And just to look at, we're seeing very similar clinical results to what we saw in the clinical trials, specifically from TRISCEND II, So we've been seeing very similar rates there of kind of clinical outcomes. We've seen so far on the journey, especially in Europe now, where PASCAL is actually approved for EVOQUE. We see that it reinforces the need for both the repair and the replacement technology to really treat the maximum number of EVOQUE patients. So overall, we continue to be very excited and happy with where the EVOQUE launch is going.
Patrick Wood: Very helpful. And then maybe just quickly on Endotronix. I was with Harry and Ariel at THT, and like the conical data on their side looks very interesting. How do you see this fitting into the business overall, because my understanding was that probably this would be initially used for fine-tuning medication management, right? Is this more about building the rolodex patients, so that you know them a little bit better further downstream when it comes to a trans catheter approach. How do you see it strategically fitting in? Thanks.
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks for the question. So let me start big picture with first the patients. We decided to get into this field because we see very largely the patient population needs. Heart failure is one-off, if not the largest driver of healthcare spending in the US. We have known the company for a long time. We were an investor in the company. We believe that they have very unique technology, differentiated technology. As a matter of fact, they received a broad label from FDA last month. There is an NCD ongoing right now, so we see that as a big opportunity, a natural progression for us. If you're asking about -- a very clear strategy about what we are going to do, where we are going to start all of this. It is a little bit early. Again, we expect the closing of the transaction in the third quarter, correct, Scott here. And in December, we will have a full deep dive on the strategy for Endotronix. We believe that many of these patients, are failure patient are patient we are serving and treating today with our valve technologies. So it is in our space. So we are super-excited about it. We see this one as a great opportunity, a great long-term opportunity to expand our reach as a company.
Patrick Wood: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We reached end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Bernard for any further closing comments.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, everyone, for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, Mark, and I welcome any additional question by telephone. Thank you so much. Have a great rest of your day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today' teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences first quarter 2024 results. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mark Wilterding, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin. 
Mark Wilterding: Thanks a lot, Diego, and good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. With me on today's call is our CEO, Bernard Zovighian, and our CFO, Scott Ullem. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call will be Larry Wood, our Global President of TAVR and Surgical Structural Heart; Daveen Chopra, our global leader of TMTT; Wayne Markowitz, our Global Leader of Surgical Structural Heart; and Katie Szyman, our Global Leader of Critical Care. 
 Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released first quarter 2024 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss these results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. 
 Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but are not limited to, financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. 
 Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release, our 2023 annual report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. 
 Finally, unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to constant currency sales growth, which is defined in the quarterly press release issued earlier today. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call are also included in today's press release. 
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bernard for his comments. Bernard? 
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Mark. We are pleased with our total company performance with first quarter sales growth of 10% to $1.6 billion versus the year ago period. As a result, we are raising our 2024 sales guidance to the high end of 8% to 10%. 
 As we look ahead, I'd like to share some perspective about the strategic direction of our company. Edwards is well positioned to extend our leadership and deliver sustainable growth, driven by the strategic investments we have made across our transcatheter platforms to address the large and growing needs of patients impacted by aortic, mitral and tricuspid disease. We remain confident in the many opportunities to grow TAVR over the long term. In addition, TMTT is becoming an increasingly significant contributor to Edwards growth, and we expect this will continue. 
 An important element in our valve innovation leadership is our advanced tissue technology. We have been an innovator in tissue technology for more than 50 years and we are pleased with our latest technology, RESILIA. With differentiated evidence of advanced durability, this technology is used across our comprehensive portfolio with a focus on lifetime management of a patient we serve. We are pleased that 0.5 million of patients will benefit from this tissue technology by the end of 2024. 
 As the global leader in structural heart, we remain deeply committed to bringing the highest-quality evidence, groundbreaking technology and world-class physician support to advance science and meaningfully improve patient care. This year, we are already making significant progress on multiple clinical trials and next-gen technologies. 
 In January, we achieved an important milestone with the completion of patient treatment in progress. A pivotal trial studying the treatment of moderate aortic stenosis patients, a population estimated to be twice as large of severe aortic stenosis. In February, EVOQUE became the first transcatheter therapy to receive U.S. FDA approval for the treatment of patients with tricuspid regurgitation. EVOQUE is a groundbreaking treatment option that not only has the potential to improve quality of life but also shown favorable clinical trends in all-cause mortality, reintervention and heart failure hospitalization. 
 In March, at the annual CRT Conference, we announced compelling results from 2 large real-world studies, demonstrating continued excellent outcome for patients treated with the Edwards SAPIEN valve platform. And earlier this month, at the American College of Cardiology Conference, we announced data from the HUDDLE study initiated by Edwards in 2021 with our partner at NFL Alumni Health to study and examine the prevalence of structural heart disease among groups historically known to experience disparities in access to care. Edwards is committed to helping identified and dismantle barriers to access for communities that are underserved due to race, gender and socioeconomic status. 
 Each of these reflect our deep commitment to advancing patient care through our differentiated strategy and reinforce our confidence in sustaining the growth of transcatheter-based structural heart intervention. 
 Now I will provide some additional detail on Q1 results by product group. In TAVR, first quarter global sales of $1 billion increased 8% year-over-year when adjusted for billing days. Q1 marked the first quarter that Edwards TAVR sales exceeded $1 billion, an exciting milestone for our team and a testament to clinician confidence in our leading technology. Performance was driven by growth in the U.S. and Japan, Edwards' global competitive position and selling prices were both stable. In the U.S., our year-over-year first quarter TAVR sales growth rate was higher than our global constant currency growth rate. We estimate total procedure growth was stable. Procedure volumes increased as the quarter progressed. 
 We remain pleased with the continued performance of our best-in-class TAVR platform. SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA, which build on Edwards' long-standing leadership in tissue technology and durability. This innovative technology now makes up the majority of our sales in the U.S. This platform is supported by the robust real-world data for more than 10,000 patients in the TVT Registry that demonstrated excellent outcomes across hundreds of centers. 
 The technologies optimize tissue treatment and is designed to extend durability of a valve, a feature that will be increasingly important as the therapy continues to treat patients with longer life expectancy. We are also proud to continue our deep commitment to advancing science for AS patients through the progress and early TAVR trials. As discussed in January, we completed enrollment and treatment of patients in progress, approximately 2 years of expectation. We also expect to release the results of early TAVR at the TCT Conference this year. Symptom assessment is one of the most significant barriers to referral and the early TAVR trial evaluates the impact of TAVR on asymptomatic patients with severe AS. We believe if data are compelling, early TAVR may have a meaningful impact on deciding when to treat patients while also streamlining referral and patient care for all severe AS patients. 
 Outside of the U.S., in the first quarter, our constant currency TAVR sales growth was slightly below our global TAVR growth. Strong growth in Japan and the rest of the world was partially offset by slower-than-expected growth in Europe. In Europe, our results were softer than expected in Q1. But we expect full year 2024 performance to normalize. We are actively preparing for the launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA in Europe, and we anticipate introducing the technology into the European market in Q2. 
 In Japan, we continue to see strong TAVR adoption driven by SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA. We believe AS remains a significantly undertreated disease among the substantial elderly population and continue to focus on expanding the ability of an evidence supporting this therapy. 
 In closing, we are confident that Edwards is positioned for healthy and sustainable TAVR growth well into the future, driven by our development of differentiated TAVR technology, our deep commitment to advancing patient care through high-quality clinical evidence and our investment in patient activation initiatives. 
 Importantly, we are proud of our groundbreaking research into the treatment of AS through our early TAVR and PROGRESS trial, which could fundamentally change how AS patients are treated. We remain confident in our full year TAVR sales growth of 8% to 10%. We expect higher year-over-year second half growth rate than in the first and second quarter. 
 Turning to TMTT. We drove positive momentum with our unique and broad portfolio strategy for both repair and replacement therapies for mitral and tricuspid patients. We made significant progress in advancing important technologies, including the PASCAL [indiscernible] system, the EVOQUE tricuspid replacement system and the SAPIEN [indiscernible] replacement system. We are the only company with multiple approved mitral and tricuspid therapies backed by world-class evidence to improve patient care. 
 In Q1, we achieved positive results with sales of $73 million, representing a 72% increase versus the prior year. The majority of our Q1 sales were driven by expanded adoption and new site activation of PASCAL, supported by continued double-digit tier market growth in the U.S. and Europe. We are also pleased with strong physician feedback and excellent procedural outcome with the EVOQUE tricuspid valve in both the U.S. and Europe. 
 With this replacement technology, we see the unique elimination of tricuspid regurgitation, significant quality of life improvement for patients and favorable trend in all-cause mortality and heart failure hospitalization. The increasing physician demand for EVOQUE is a clear indication of unmet need and the potential for this therapy to treat a very large patient population. 
 We continue to invest in expanding our high-touch [indiscernible] globally to support this therapy in order to continue to achieve excellent outcome for each patient. Given the strong adoption of our differentiated technology, PASCAL and EVOQUE, we are raising full year TMTT guidance to $320 million to $340 million versus previous guidance, which was the higher end of $280 million to $320 million range. We are confident that our unique portfolio strategy with repair and replacement options for both mitral and tricuspid will offer clinicians the broad set of therapies necessary to effectively treat many patients in need. This strategy positions us for global leadership, sustainable long-term growth and an increasing contribution to overall Edwards growth. 
 In Surgical, first quarter sales of $266 million increased 8% over the prior year. Growth was driven by strong global adoption of Edwards premium surgical technologies INSPIRIS, MITRIS and KONECT. We continue to see positive procedure growth globally for the many patients, best treated surgically, including for both undergoing complex procedures. We continue to expand the oral body of evidence in multiple technologies and multiple valves and now expect U.S. and Canada enrollment of our Momentis clinical trial studying RESILIA performance in the mitral position to be completed in Q2 2024, one year ahead of expectation. 
 The study will continue to open new sites in Europe and Latin America with global enrollment continuing into 2025. We are now raising our full year surgical sales guidance to 6% to 8% versus expectation of mid-single-digit growth. 
 In Critical Care, variability of demand led to better-than-expected first quarter sales of $251 million, which increased 14% versus the prior year, driven by contribution from all product lines. Growth was led by our Smart Recovery technologies, including the Acumen IQ sensor. Demand was also strong for our [indiscernible] transcatheter and pressure monitoring devices used in the ICU. 
 Critical Care remains focused on driving growth through Smart Recovery and Smart Expansion, which are designed to help clinicians make more informed decisions and get patients home to their family faster. We are now confident in raising our full year critical sales guidance to 8% to 10% versus previous expectation of mid-single-digit growth. Since announcing the spin-off of Critical Care in December, our team has made significant progress, and I want to thank all of them for their hard work and dedication. 
 Scott will provide additional details. And now I will turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott Ullem: Thanks a lot, Bernard, and good afternoon, everyone. As Bernard mentioned, we are pleased with our first quarter total company sales performance and progress on our strategic milestones. In addition, we achieved $0.66 of adjusted earnings per share. Our GAAP earnings per share of $0.58 included onetime expenses associated with our planned spin-off of Critical Care. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted EPS for this and other items is included with today's release. 
 For the second quarter, we're projecting sales of $1.62 billion to $1.70 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $0.67 to $0.71. And now I'll cover additional details of our P&L. 
 In Q1, our adjusted gross profit margin was 76% compared to 77.5% in the same period last year. This expected year-over-year reduction was driven by a more favorable impact from foreign exchange in the prior year. We continue to expect our full year 2024 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 78%, driven by high-value technologies that yield strong gross profit margins. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses in the quarter were $490 million or 30.6% of sales compared to $436 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by an expansion of transcatheter field-based personnel in support of our growth strategy. We expect full year 2024 SG&A as a percent of sales to be approximately 30% as we continue to invest in field-based personnel and patient activation initiatives. 
 Research and development expense in the first quarter grew 9% over the prior year to $285 million or 17.8% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter aortic valve innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. For the full year 2024, we continue to expect R&D to be 17% to 18% of sales as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence for our structural heart disease initiatives, with the goal of treating even more patients. 
 Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 14.3% or 14%, excluding the impact of special items. Our favorable non-GAAP rate in the first quarter includes a higher-than-expected benefit from stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our 2024 tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 14% and 17%. 
 Foreign exchange rates decreased first quarter reported sales growth by 40 basis points or $5 million compared to the prior year. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted our first quarter gross profit margin by 160 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our January guidance, FX rates had a nominal impact on first quarter earnings per share. At current FX rates, we now expect a $70 million or 1% negative impact to full year 2024 sales versus the prior year. 
 Regarding the previously announced spinoff of Critical Care, preparations are ongoing. We anticipate completing the unaudited carve-out financial statements next month and we are on track to obtain a tax-free ruling from the IRS by year-end. We are currently assessing capital structure options for the spin-off company, and we plan to share details with investors later this year. 
 During the first quarter, we incurred $41 million of onetime costs associated with the spin-off. Additional onetime costs will be incurred throughout 2024. Free cash flow for the first quarter was reduced by a $305 million deposit, contingent upon the resolution of a tax dispute and $20 million of payments associated with the spin-off of Critical Care. Excluding the impact of these items, adjusted free cash flow was $206 million, and we continue to expect full year 2024 adjusted free cash flow will grow to between $1.1 billion and $1.4 billion. 
 So before turning the call back over to Bernard, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet of approximately $1.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of March 31. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2024 to be between 600 million and 610 million. We have approximately $1 billion remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. 
 And so with that, I'll pass it back over to Bernard. 
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Scott. We are pleased with a strong start to the year as we continue to focus on helping even more patients worldwide and driving growth with leading innovative technologies. We remain confident in our increased 2024 financial outlook and look forward to launching breakthrough technologies and progressing multiple important clinical trials, while aggressively investing into our future. 
 In closing, we believe Edwards is uniquely positioned to deliver sustainable growth driven by our significant investment focused on structural heart to address the large and growing needs of patients impacted by aortic, mitral and tricuspid disease. 
 With that, I pass it back to Mark to open up Q&A. 
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Bernard. We're ready to take questions now. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. 
 Diego, please go ahead with additional details on accessing the Q&A portion of the call. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. 
Robert Marcus: Great and congrats on a nice quarter. Two for me. I wanted to start first with EVOQUE. Clearly, TMTT had a really strong quarter. It came in well above consensus and some of the most optimistic numbers I was hearing. So I wanted to get a sense of what you're seeing, how much of the TMTT was EVOQUE. And clearly, you raised guidance. I imagine this is just the early stages of adoption here? 
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, Robbie. This is a good question. So we are obviously very pleased about the early physician feedback, which has been very, very strong on EVOQUE. We were able to achieve an excellent procedural outcome. Now back to your question about our performance in Q1, very little about EVOQUE. We have seen a very clear momentum on PASCAL, PASCAL in Europe, PASCAL in the U.S. And we are very pleased about our expansion and adoption of PASCAL globally basically. But I'm going to ask Daveen to add some details here. 
Daveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks so much, Bernard. Thanks for the question, Robbie. Yes. And to follow up with Bernard's comments, obviously, the vast majority of our growth came from PASCAL, [indiscernible]. And overall though, we continue to be really pleased with the initial launch of EVOQUE both in Europe and the U.S. Right now, we're just starting to steadily kind of activate sites. We've had really good clinical outcomes, very consistent with what we saw in the clinical trial. And we see really predictable times and predictable procedure times is something that, obviously, physicians really love to see. We see that both at old sites that [indiscernible] as well as new sites that we've opened up kind of in Europe. 
 The only thing comment I'll make is it's really early in our journey, but our experience in Europe, especially where we've had PASCAL approved for tricuspid since 2020, really reinforces the fact or the need that we want to have a portfolio of both repair and replacement technologies because tricuspid patients are so complex and so diverse. So I'll stop there. 
Robert Marcus: Great. Maybe a follow-up. I caught the comments that the U.S. TAVR grew faster than the global organic TAVR growth rate and that procedure as accelerated throughout the quarter. So how are you thinking about TAVR growth for the rest of the year? And do you feel like the U.S. has finally recovered after some of the setbacks you saw during the disruptive years of COVID? 
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, Robbie. Let me start, and again, I will ask Larry to add some insights here. So when we put together a guidance for the year, the guidance 8% to 10%, we knew that the growth will ramp throughout the year and that Q1 will be our lowest growth quarter. So we feel we are confident about our 8% to 10%. We feel confident about what's happening in the U.S. Share and price are stable. So we feel good about all of that. 
 Larry, you want to add anything? 
Larry Wood: Yes. I don't have a lot to add. We saw good progression throughout the quarter. It's always a little slow in January as we come out of the break, but we are pleased with how the quarter went overall. And we remain excited about the year. We have a lot of activities on patient activation. We have a huge data set coming out of TCT that I think all of us are going to be excited to see what that say, what those data say and how they inform the field. And so I continue to believe we have a long runway long term with TAVR and it is good to see the U.S. kind of out COVID, I think, finally in the rearview mirror, and we can just focus on accelerating patient care. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America. 
Travis Steed: Congrats on a good quarter. Maybe on TAVR again, curious why European growth was slower than expected. And then on the billing days, were those U.S. or OUS and those come back in any quarter? 
Larry Wood: Yes, thanks. Yes, overall, we felt good about the quarter, and we just talked about the U.S. We saw a lot of strength in Japan, but Europe was -- it grew year-over-year and it grew sequentially, and we lost a couple of billing days. But even with that, we were a little bit disappointed with our overall growth in Europe. We saw some pretty aggressive pricing from competitors that I think led to some trialing. But we're really excited that we're launching S3UR that actually starts this month, and we're excited to bring that technology to Europe, and we expect these to normalize through the course of the year. 
Scott Ullem: I can give a little bit more commentary on the billing days. So outside of the U.S. is where we really felt it. We saw 2 billing days difference in Europe and Japan. Overall, globally, we saw 1 billing day difference. And so it had an impact. To your question about do we see any more impact later in the year? Yes, in Q3, we've got a billing days impact that goes the other direction as well. 
Travis Steed: All right. That's helpful. And then on TAVR and some of that you've been doing with Egnite and kind of helping drive center growth and diagnosis. Curious to see how that's going and at what point do you start to kind of scale those programs out and an impact on -- see the impact on TAVR growth? 
Larry Wood: Yes. We have a lot of patient activation activities where there's a lot of work that we do. We have multiple fronts, and Egnite is just one part of our strategy there. But we're excited about what these technologies can do. And there are so many patients, if you look at the [indiscernible] publication, and I know he's spoken to you guys before, there's just a lot of patients upstream that aren't moving through the system at the speed in which they should. And I think there's a patient identification aspect, there's a referral aspect. 
 So we have multiple work streams working on this. But I think the appreciation and understanding for the undertreatment of aortic stenosis is growing. And I think as that grows and people start to understand the magnitude of the problem, I think it gives more opportunity for our patient activation strategy to take hold. 
Bernard Zovighian: And maybe in addition, Larry, I'm very proud about what we are doing. We are the only one basically having a deep commitment to advancing science for AS patients through the progress and early TAVR trial. So this is truly our commitment, but we feel that there is a ton of potential. These patients are underdiagnosed [indiscernible],  and we are committed to offer treatment for these patients. So as a company, very proud about how we do all of this. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: I just wanted on TAVR, I wanted to confirm, Bernard, that Q2 TAVR growth will be better than Q1, in response to Robbie's question. And why do you expect TAVR growth to accelerate in the second half? And how are you guys factoring in the SMART trial results? And I have one follow-up. 
Larry Wood: Yes. Yes, we do expect to have procedures to ramp. That's always been a part of our plan, and so we continue to expect that to happen. And I think it's a lot of things, Larry, I think it's a lot of our patient activation work. But it's also just the market continues to improve, and we're very pleased where we finished Q4 last year. We were happy with the ramp in Q1. So I think we do expect to see an increase in Q2 over Q1. But even with that, we expect the second half to have a higher growth rate than the first half. So I think that that's good. 
 And as it relates to the SMART trial, I mean, we talked a lot about it at ACC. I think it's just a reminder, and we've talked about this before, but the decision on what valve to use is multifactorial. It's never been about one criteria. It's never been about one data point. And so we continue to have confidence in our platform and the value proposition and with our Ultra RESILIA technology and all the other things that we're doing that we always model in competition, but we feel very good about our platform and our leadership. 
Bernard Zovighian: So let me, Larry, let me add something about it. I know that there were plenty of questions about that trial at ACC. I was not at ACC. But our strategy to bring basically groundbreaking science, the highest quality of evidence to help over 1 million of patients who are not being treated today and being able to unlock this large tier market potential, this is what we are doing. This is our strategy. 
 So you know us very well. In the last 10 years, we studied 12,000 symptomatic severe aortic patients across mainly FDA-approved studies. And today, again, we are the only company conducting a groundbreaking research into the treatment of AS through early TAVR in progress. So again, I can tell you I'm very proud about who we are as a leader in structural heart disease. I think what happened at ACC [indiscernible] an interesting study more than anything else. 
Larry Biegelsen: And Scott, if I saw correct, you raised the revenue guidance, but you did not change the EPS guidance. Why is that? 
Scott Ullem: Yes, that's right. We brought revenue guidance up nearly $150 million, and you're right, we kept our $2.70 to $2.80 range the same. There are a couple of reasons. One was we ended up with a lower tax rate in the first quarter than we expected. Not sure that we're going to be able to maintain that low of a tax rate the rest of this year. The other one is it's just early in the year. And so we'll talk more about how EPS is trending 3 months from now. But we decided at this point early in the year, we just keep it the same. We think the top end of the range can accommodate multiple different scenarios that could play out in the rest of 2024. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with Jefferies. 
Matthew Taylor: Great. Thank you. I did want to ask a more specific question about the TMTT performance, and you talked about this importance of the portfolio. And so I guess the first way I wanted to ask you was, is EVOQUE, I guess, helping to pull through or improve the performance of PASCAL? And do you expect that as you go through time was even more of a portfolio across mitral and tricuspid to be able to use that portfolio approach to gain even more share.? 
Daveen Chopra: Yes, this is Daveen. I'll answer that. No, honestly, if you look at quarter 1, no, I don't really think there was any significant kind of direct pull-through from EVOQUE versus PASCAL. But if you pull back up, I think us having our portfolio product to treat the maximum number of patients by having repair and replacement technologies for both mitral and tricuspid help show our leadership and that physicians would then want to continue to work with us as leaders in the space. 
 I think so there's always going to be a continued kind of link in that way. But when we look at kind of growth opportunities and what's happening for growth overall, if I look at PASCAL, in Q1, we continue to open up new centers. We continue to grow in the centers that we work with and that we continue to gain -- work with physicians more deeply in that way, which I think was fantastic. 
 Additionally, and we think that will continue for quarters going into the future. Additionally, we continue to grow geographically, right? There are also countries in the world where we're just kind of bringing PASCAL for the first time. We're in the new kind of the initial stages of where we'll be at PASCAL. So we think that's going to be an important opportunity. And then clearly, that's PASCAL. And number two, EVOQUE, right? We see EVOQUE being a long runway for us of growth across the board. And then we've talked about the future, we will also then bring our M3 -- SAPIEN M3 transcatheter mitral valve to the market, which will add another layer of kind of growth for the future. And I think having all these technologies together really provides a leadership role that we can have. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citi. 
JoanneWuensch: Very nice quarter. I want to spend some time on Critical Care. I can't remember the last time I saw a 14% revenue growth in that segment. And particularly as it's sort of propping to go out on its own, what drove that growth? How sustainable is it? 
Bernard Zovighian: Katie, do you want to take that question? 
Katie Szyman: Yes. Thanks, Joanne, for the question. So for Critical Care, as you know, we have capital sales as part of the mix. And so we just see high variability of demand really every quarter across all our product lines. We also have distributor sales that can come up and down. So it was a great quarter for us overall. It's still early in the year. So you saw us raise guidance to 8% to 10%, and we're very confident in that 8% to 10% range. But we don't want to bring it up too much more at this point just because of that variability in demand. 
JoanneWuensch: Can you comment on profitability during the quarter? Or should we just hang tight from that one? 
Scott Ullem: Profitability for the company, Joanne? 
JoanneWuensch: No, Critical Care, if possible. 
Scott Ullem: Let's hold off on product line profitability. Suffice it to say, it was a good top line quarter, and that's helping our bottom line as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Shagun Singh with RBC. 
 We will move on to the next question. And our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Barclays. 
Matthew Miksic: Just one question on sort of TAVR and transcatheter valve growth, and I'll just keep it to one. If you could maybe talk a little bit about the launch of EVOQUE and the activity that, that drives in some of your major centers. And I guess how you're -- you and the team in the field is kind of managing those activity levels [indiscernible] centers versus the continuing volumes that they perform in TAVR. Just maybe any color or thoughts on how that might play into the total transcatheter business? 
 And then Scott, I don't know if you'd be willing to do this, but if you can possibly quantify the impact on SG&A that you've mentioned about the field resources and sort of patient activation resources that you've planned and are executing on this year? 
Larry Wood: Yes. So I'll start, Matt, and then I'll hand it over to Daveen. This is kind of like what Daveen and I do every day. We partner very closely on these sorts of things. And clearly, as we roll out these new therapies, we want to make sure that people do it with the right volume. And so it's a key part of when we start centers, maybe that they have a whole program that encompasses their entire structural heart patient population. And so our teams work closely together. We have this unique environment where we have very dedicated teams because we want to bring that detailed procedural knowledge and the knowledge of all things related to it. But it still requires a lot of coordination between Daveen and I and we've been doing this for a while. This is true with PASCAL and the launch is there, and it remains [indiscernible]. Daveen? 
Daveen Chopra: Yes. I mean I'll just add maybe some comments about the -- maybe the capacity question that you kind of asked, right? [indiscernible] in mitral repair [indiscernible] technology that's been around for several years and continues to grow with more and more patients being treated. The number of patients being treated and kind of EVOQUE, is relatively small in quarter 1 and for the future just based on these very large, more established numbers of procedures. So for us, overall, I don't necessarily believe that the EVOQUE procedures for any time in the near future are going to affect overall capacity. But I do also -- and to carry on to Larry's point, we collaborate very well together to ensure that when we're opening up a center or working with center for the first time, we're working with that center to ensure that they do have the capacity to then add in these incremental procedures. 
Bernard Zovighian: It is fair to say that so far, we have not faced a big challenge in terms of center, having a lack of capacity to be able to treat the patients, whether TAVR patients or EVOQUE patients. 
Scott Ullem: And Matt, it's Scott, your question about SG&A. You heard us say in the opening remarks that we're expecting SG&A as a percentage of sales to be around the top end of our original range of 29% to 30%. And that move up a little bit was largely based upon the increased investments that we're making in field resources and patient access initiatives. 
 And it also kind of gets to Larry Biegelsen's earlier question about why we didn't move EPS guidance range up yet. We've been waiting to see how sales trended here at the beginning of the year before deciding how aggressively we wanted to go after some of these investment initiatives. And based upon first quarter sales, we're going to move forward with some of those, and that's the reason we're moving up our spending outlook. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Shagun Singh with RBC Capital Markets. 
Shagun Singh Chadha: Sorry about earlier. It just sounds like U.S. TAVR growth was high single digits. Is that fair? Was it about 10%? And other drivers that can get you to consistent double-digit growth in the foreseeable future? Just what's your confidence there? 
 And then I wanted to get your take on AHA's Aortic Stenosis initiatives. It seems like they're expanding that to additional centers. And some of our checks have suggested that, that has a positive impact on TAVR volumes. So just anything you can share on that program, the scope of expansion and potential volume impact to TAVR. 
Scott Ullem: Yes. I'll take the first part of that about U.S. TAVR growth. We try not to be too specific about breaking down every region. But what we can say is that TAVR in the U.S. grew faster than our global underlying growth rate for TAVR in the first quarter. Larry, do you want to talk about the other pieces? 
Larry Wood: Sure. So the AHA program, we're very excited to partner with the AHA on this. And you're looking for an analog years and years ago, the whole door-to-balloon drive where they created a quality metric that was based on time. And because we know the faster when a patient is having an MI, they get a balloon across that lesion, the survival rate rises dramatically, and it's critical that they do that. 
 But for AS, we really don't have any quality initiatives around the time from diagnosis to treatment. And I will say most centers sort of start the clock when the patient ends up with the heart team, and they think they do it pretty quickly. But the part of the story that they miss is the upstream component. From the time that patients got that first echo that they have severe disease, sometimes there's a long journey before the patient actually gets referred to the heart team. And we're trying to do is work on a time metric like door-to-balloon where every patient has to get treated within 90 days of diagnosis. 
 And one of the first things that it does is centers have to go back and look at what their own data say. And most centers think they're doing a good job and when they actually dig deep and find their own data, they find out they're not gearing near as well as they thought they were. But if we can get this quality metric implemented, then it would completely change the urgency around patients move through the system. It would be a quality metric they would have to report on. 
 So we continue to expand this initiative but the real goal is to make a guideline or quality metric be part of the system where centers would have to report on it. And we think we do that, it could dramatically improve patient care because we know these AS patients do not wait well. They have very high mortality rates. If you go all the way back to [indiscernible], which was the higher risk patients, they had a 50% mortality rate a year when left untreated, and that mortality rate starts very quickly in the process. So we're very excited to partner with AHA, and they're a great partner for us because they have demonstrated expertise in getting these sorts of things put in place. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Nephron Research. 
Christopher Pasquale: First on EVOQUE, you're launching a pretty meaningful price premium to the other technology out there. Do you see the [indiscernible] in October is a gating factor for commercialization? Or do you think you can make significant progress over the next 6 months prior to that incremental reimbursement kicking in? 
Daveen Chopra: Yes. Thanks for the question, Chris. Appreciate it. Yes. So first, just a couple of comments. We really believe that EVOQUE offers exceptional clinical and economic benefit to both patients and health care systems. We think that's a key factor. And we've seen a great increasing interest in demand from physicians to help have this technology to treat their patients. So the results, I think we're going to see continued centers opening up and continued kind of patient growth each quarter.
 If you think about [indiscernible] CMS is actually proposing to move forward [indiscernible]. And then we hope that, as you said, to start October 1. And that helps make up any incremental cost between the cost of EVOQUE procedure versus the existing DRG, which is that DRG for TAVR and TEER. So we think that will continue to add to it. But between now and that, we continue to see a lot of interest from physicians as well center systems because we think this technology does so much for patients. 
Bernard Zovighian: Probably fair to say that NTAP will have a big impact next year and after, but not necessarily this year. 
Christopher Pasquale: Okay. And then it sounded like there was a purposeful mention of the commitment fielding both replacement and repair technologies for both tricuspid and mitral and tricuspid, the early consensus from physicians seems to be the replacement is going to lead the way. How are you thinking about which patients might be best served by each technology. And what that means for EVOQUE today and then longer term, how PASCAL could do in tricuspid as CLASP TR gets closer to completing enrollment? 
Daveen Chopra: Yes. This is Daveen again. I'll make a couple of comments on this one. Generally, yes, we are believers that both repair and replacement technology for each valve really helps treat the maximum number of patients. These patients and these disease states are heterogeneous. There's no one magic bullet. There are a lot of patients that continue to need different types of technologies. 
 I think all of us, the physician community, the medical community, ourselves, we're all continuing to work and figure out which product repair or replacement is right for what patient. Do we have a clean answer today? No, but we continue to work on it and have some ideas, definitely so. 
 With technologies like EVOQUE, we see like this unique elimination of TR, big quality of life improvement. And we see these favorable trends that all cause mortality and heart failure hospitalizations, along with a very predictable procedure, very clean kind of times. 
 In Europe now, we're starting to have a little -- we already have PASCAL for now a couple of years in Europe PASCAL tricuspid, where people really love PASCAL where it has some really great features for the tricuspid valve, really atraumatic [indiscernible], et cetera. But physicians there are starting to see how EVOQUE makes a lot of sense for certain segments of their patients. 
 So no, we haven't quite figured out the exact mix of these patients, but we know both are really important for treating the most patients. 
Bernard Zovighian: Maybe I will add something. About 6, 7 years ago, we believed that having repair and replacement for both mitral and tricuspid was going to be important. Today, we are confident that indeed it is the case. And this will provide physician options to treat many patients and to best select what therapy for what patient. So if you're asking what exactly the technology for that patient, I think it is still early. We still -- we need probably more time, more research to do that. But for sure, I think this portfolio puts basically a physician in a driver seat to make the best decision for their patient, which is what we wanted initially. And as a result, this is going to unlock this very large opportunity and we are going to see a sustainable growth from TMTT in the years to come. 
Daveen Chopra: And I'll leave it up on your comment about kind of the clinical data, right? And that's why it's so important that we continue to enroll in trials like CLASP II TR. So that's our tricuspid trial, right? It's a randomized study where getting more data and understanding how these different technologies can really help patients. It's super important for ourselves. So not only post-market studies for EVOQUE but also these other randomized studies, pre-market studies that are so important to collect this data to continue to understand where these technologies can work best for patients. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. 
Pito Chickering: A follow-up to Chris' question. I just want to make sure that I heard that you expect limited EVOQUE sales until the NTAP kicks in October 1. And with G&A, at the high end of your previous guidance to 3%,  how many centers will be ready to perform the procedure by that date? 
Daveen Chopra: So this is Daveen. On the NTAP comment, we believe right now, each quarter, we continue to open up new centers. We continue to train physicians on it, and it's a steady state, nice growth and providing the technology to more patients. And we've seen a lot of demand from physicians for this technology for these patients. 
 I think to Bernard's point, NTAP adds a continued allowance of growth as it gets to more scale, that will really help support 2025 and 2026 growth. And then the second question was -- I missed the second part of your question. 
Scott Ullem: I mean, I think the question was how many centers do you think we'll be ready to do procedures once the NTAP is active. And I think what we can say is, certainly, the sites that have been involved in clinical trialing are going to be ready to activate beyond that. We're just going to be strategic and deliberate about where we activate. 
Daveen Chopra: And we're going to focus on centers that are already the higher-volume tricuspid centers that have their infrastructure set up, have their right side imaging set up. So it's going to be just a steady kind of growth [indiscernible] moving to other high-volume tricuspid centers. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. And [indiscernible] indication, if that trial is positive to get FDA approval, is that going to be exclusive to SAPIEN? And any color on how much creep you've seen, if any, for docs treating asymptomatic patients today? 
Larry Wood: Yes, thanks. Well, none of us know the trial results as yet. That won't happen until later this year. So if the trial is positive and obviously, the more positive trial is, the more benefit that you get from it. But I think it's really about how patients get referred for therapy. And I think that, that's going to be the key thing. So I think it speaks to the treatment in referral for aortic stenosis and the time frame we should do that more than a specific therapy. 
 Now that being said, it is a randomized trial against the SAPIEN platform. And so if you're going to think about treating patients earlier, you're going to have a platform that delivers outstanding clinical outcomes, right? You're going to have to have those low mortality rates. And this is where we think our platform really shines because, if you look at, again, our PARTNER 3 low-risk data, we had 99% survival rate at one year. We had 90% survival rate at 5 years and very low complication rates. And that's probably more in line with the patient population that would be asymptomatic, is really more towards a lower-risk patient population. And we're the only one to make the investments in that trial at this point. So -- but I do think it speaks to the deadliness of the disease broadly. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Newitter with Truist Securities. 
Richard Newitter: Going back to the trend in Europe and your confidence and visibility to a recovery there for your business. I guess, is it more that you just -- you think the price discounting is going to ease? And because you have RESILIA coming in that region, it will offset and that's the acceleration? Or is there -- what else can you tell us that gives you confidence there? 
Larry Wood: Yes. We had a good Q4 in Europe. And so this does feel like it's probably more temporary, and it's something that we're going to put a little bit more focus on. We do sell at a premium in Europe and some people were pretty aggressive with discounting. And I think we have to beat that with our value proposition and with new technology. And we're super excited [indiscernible] the U.S. at this point and Japan, it's a brand-new product for Europe. They have no experience with it. So we're excited because it's the only platform in anywhere that has the RESILIA technology. And again, this is something that's been on our market-leading surgical valves for -- we're probably approaching a decade now. 
 So it's a huge milestone for us to be able to get this technology into Europe. And we do think that physicians still are going to make their long-term product decision based on what's best for their patients. 
Richard Newitter: Okay. And following up here on just the selling days. I think you said, Scott, in 3Q, the billing days go the other way, positive for you. Order of magnitude similar to 1Q and then same geographic impact or anything you want to add there? 
Scott Ullem: Sure. In the third quarter, order of magnitude, same thing. It's about a day globally and geographically, very similar. Europe or Eastern Europe a day or 2 days, everywhere else a day. So it's really a day across the board in the third quarter. 
Richard Newitter: Okay. So more evenly split by region? 
Scott Ullem: Yes, most of the regions are one day in the third quarter, whereas in the first quarter, we had Europe and Japan at 2 days, but I'm not sure that level of precision is that important. Suffice it to say, in aggregate, in total, it's a day in the first quarter, and the day in the third quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with UBS. 
Danielle Antalffy: Congrats on a good start to the year. Larry, I was hoping -- I appreciate this whole initiative, the patient acquisition initiative. Working to get patients treated. You guys talked about at your Analyst Day and on the Q4 call, the AI, the utilization of AI and some piloting at some centers. And I was wondering if you could give any color on how much faster you're seeing growth at those centers, if at all yet, if you can quantify that? Just to get a sense of like if this does get implemented more broadly, what it could -- what we could see from a growth perspective? 
Larry Wood: Yes. I appreciate the question, Danielle. It's a little hard to quantify. We're still putting some of these systems in place. And remember, it's not just identifying the patients. People have to start [indiscernible] the way patients get referred and the way they come in. And so I think we're really, really pleased with the pilots that we've run in the places that we've gone. We very clearly identify that there's an upstream population that many of the centers didn't even know existed. And now how we tap into those, how we move those patients through the system, how they add capacity to address these patients. That's where the pilot centers are kind of in that phase now. But we -- when I spoke of this in the investor conference, we have, in our minds, 100% validated the undertreatment of aortic stenosis. We've done it in enough centers with enough different people. It's been backed by enough publications, really even leading academic programs. Now it's a matter of going through all of the steps to get these patients off the sidelines and get the proper therapy. 
 And -- but this is going to be something -- it's not a day -- one day, there's going to be this massive step function. It's going to be this continued effort over time. But again, it's going to be the thing that drives our growth over, I think, a very extended period of time. 
Danielle Antalffy: Sure. And I guess just one quick follow-up on TAVR plus asymptomatic. I mean you talked a little bit about this at the Analyst Day, but asymptomatic almost more about easing workflow and decision-making processes. I mean, asymptomatic, assuming the trial [indiscernible] plus this initiative, I mean, should we see growth acceleration specifically in TAVR in 2025? I know you're not going to give '25 guidance, but I thought I'd try. 
Larry Wood: Yes. I'm not going to get into guidance, and I really want to be cautious not to speculate on trials that are in flight. We'll see the data at TCT. And after we see that data, then I'll be happy to talk about what I think the repercussions are and how I think it plays out. 
 What I can tell you is the patient journey right now is a complicated one. Patients get diagnosed with severe aortic stenosis. And then they had this [indiscernible] layer on top of it, which is do you have symptoms, are the symptoms attributable to aortic stenosis, are the symptoms enough to refer you for care. And there's a number of patients, even though the guidelines say any symptoms or cost for referral, there's a large number of patients that are being held upstream because somebody has decided the symptoms aren't significant enough. 
 So instead of this being a mathematical equation, it sort of turns into almost Olympic figure skating with all this judgment. And when you end up with older people that have more comorbidities, that gets even more confusing and more challenging. If asymptomatic is successful and we have a powerful trial there, then it should simply move to track and field. It should just be a matter of if your aortic stenosis goes below 1.0, you should immediately be referred to a heart team for care. And I think that streamlining of care is going to be what makes the difference and takes a lot of the noise out of the system. 
Danielle Antalffy: Thanks so much. Love those analogies. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Jennings with TD Cowen. 
Joshua Jennings: I was hoping to ask about SAPIEN X4 and just thinking about the design and the ability to provide, I think, 16 different deployment diameters. I mean should investors be optimistic and clinicians that we could see lower gradients and a lower [indiscernible] mismatch rate with the SAPIEN X4 relative to the SAPIEN 3 Ultra or SAPIEN 3 system. And -- or is it really just the benefit for a future TAVR and TAVR that, that sizing action will provide? 
Larry Wood: Yes. That's a great question, Josh. And clearly, you're deep on our platform and the details. I think the concept of this variable sizing is really being able to tailor our valve to the patient, rather than driving the patient to a nominal, we can adjust our valve and make it different. 
 As it relates to hemodynamics, we presented data at TRT that showed the improvements that we made with S3UR with the RESILIA tissue, we saw a pretty significant reduction in gradient. And so if you need a copy of that presentation, I'm sure Mark can get it to you. So we've already made a lot of those enhancements to our UR platform and X4 is a RESILIA platform as well. So we would expect those benefits to be there as well. 
Joshua Jennings: Great. And then just to follow up on just the TAVR and TAVR replacement cycle. I think when that really fully kicks in is TBD based on durability. But I would love to just hear your thoughts on TAVR and TAVR as the, I guess, more prominent choice for a second procedure and this lifetime management of severe aortic stenosis patients... 
Larry Wood: The -- our platform with its frame design and its coronary access is really the ideal platform for that second procedure but it's also the ideal platform to use in that second procedure. I think a valve needs to be a good host but it needs to be a good guest, and that's, I think going to be critically important. 
 We -- if you go all the way back to the PARTNER I trials that are older now, those patients were 83 years old at the time of implantation. We're just sort of probably getting into that range now where [indiscernible] TAVR is just kind of probably start hitting a little bit of an inflection point in the next couple of years. And I think as time goes by, that is going to be a bigger part of the story. But again, we think our platform is very well suited for that and it's good for patients. 
 The idea that if you have [indiscernible] make up a number, 10 years of durability, but they can get a second procedure and get another 10 or 15 years of durability out of it, you have equivalent of 25-year durability without a patient having to have an open-heart procedure. And I think that's incredibly powerful for patients. 
Joshua Jennings: And just to finish the piece, Larry, just on -- if surgery becomes kind of, I guess, the more prominent second procedure option of using TAVR first segment. I mean, your positioning on the surgical side is very strong, too, with KONECT RESILIA, but maybe just your thoughts there. 
Larry Wood: For sure. I think our surgical platform plays well into that as well. 
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, we've run out of time for questions. I'll now hand it back to Bernard Zovighian for closing remarks. 
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you so much. Thanks, everyone. I want to close with offering some big-picture comment about the quarter. Obviously, we are very pleased about the strong performance for the company growing 10%. And when you think about it, this is the result of the strategy we put in place years ago. What we have today is a diversified portfolio with TAVR, mitral tricuspid and surgical, all of them contributing to the performance of the company. 
 TAVR, for sure, it is the largest business for us. It's still our #1 focus. TAVR has a lot of growth potential. But mitral and tricuspid are now contributing in a very meaningful manner for the performance of the company. So it is why we are so confident longer term that we are going to deliver a sustainable growth quarter after quarter, year after year with all of the catalysts we are having. 
 Again, thanks for your interest. If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to reach out to Scott and Mark or myself. Have a great day. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's call. Participants may disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mark Wilterding, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Diego, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you all for joining us. With me on today's call is our CEO, Bernard Zovighian; and our CFO, Scott Ullem. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call will be Larry Wood, our Group President of TAVR and Surgical Structural Heart; Daveen Chopra, our Global Leader of TMTT; Wayne Markowitz, our Global Leader of Surgical Structural Heart; and Katie Szyman, our Global Leader of Critical Care. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released fourth quarter 2023 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial statements and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include but are not limited to financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters, and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release, our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. Unless otherwise noted, our commentary on sales growth refers to constant currency sales growth, which is defined in the quarterly press release issued earlier today. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are also included in today's press release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bernard for his comments. Bernard?
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Mark, and welcome, everyone. At our recent Investor Conference, I introduced our exciting vision of a new era of structural heart innovation to address significant unmet patient needs. Today, I will build on that theme and share key highlights of our team's strong performance in 2023 as well as our confidence in 2024. We are pleased with our strong 2023 financial performance, with full year sales up 12% to $6 billion, including strong growth across each of our four product groups. We invested more than $1 billion in research and development, and we achieved key strategic milestones, including the introduction of new technologies and indication expansion to ensure sustainable healthy growth in the near, mid, and long term. We exited the year with strong momentum, with Q4 growth of 13% and TAVR growth of 12%. These results were better than expected, driven by our broad portfolio of innovative therapies. In 2024, we are well-positioned to enter a new era of structural heart innovation. In TAVR, we are strengthening our leadership. We are experiencing strong adoption of our flagship SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA and continuing enrollment in our ALLIANCE pivotal trial for next-gen TAVR technology SAPIEN X4. In January, we achieved very important milestones with the completion of enrollment in PROGRESS, a pivotal trial studying the treatment of moderate aortic stenosis patients, a population estimated to be twice as large as severe aortic stenosis. This randomized trial enrolled approximately 750 patients two years ahead of schedule. At TCT, later this year, we plan to present data from EARLY TAVR, a pivotal trial studying the treatment of patient with severe aortic stenosis, but without symptoms. We believe that all of these initiatives position us for healthy, sustainable TAVR growth well into the future. In TMTT, we achieved significant milestones with continued PASCAL global expansion and the introduction of EVOQUE in Europe. In Germany, EVOQUE was recently granted NUB Reimbursement Status 1, a very important step in therapy adoption. I am also pleased to announce that EVOQUE recently became the first transcatheter therapy to receive US FDA approval for the treatment of TR patients. This is an exciting development for a wide range of US patients. It will enable access to a groundbreaking treatment option that not only has the potential to significantly improve their quality of life, but also shows favorable clinical trends in all-cause mortality, reintervention, and heart failure hospitalization. With the ongoing introduction of EVOQUE, we are now offering a unique and broad portfolio of transcatheter repair and replacement solution for mitral and tricuspid patients. In addition, the completion of enrollment in the pivotal trial studying SAPIEN M3 puts us on track to further enhance our portfolio. I am confident that we are reaching an inflection point as the only company with a commercially approved portfolio of catheter-based technologies to treat the millions of patients suffering from mitral and tricuspid disease. In addition to the meaningful progress of TAVR and TMTT, we are pleased with the company innovative RESILIA tissue, which was pioneered by our surgical business. We are on track to treat half a million patients with RESILIA-based heart valve by the end of 2024, supported by seven years of clinical evidence. The previously announced spin-off of Critical Care is progressing as planned and will enable a sharpened focus on structural heart. As a result, Edwards' 2025 organic sales growth rate will be even more distinguished. In addition, this will give us more agility, increase our pace of innovation, and provide an expanded opportunity to serve a large and growing patient population. Because we are solely focused on structural heart disease, we are uniquely positioned to deliver sustainable growth and extend our leadership. Now, I will provide some additional details by product group. In TAVR, our full year 2023 global sales of $3.9 billion increased 10.6% year-over-year. Our US and OUS sales growth rates were similar. In the fourth quarter, our global TAVR sales of $979 million increased 12% year-over-year. Performance was driven by double-digit growth in the US, Europe, and Japan. The company competitive position was stable globally, and local selling price were also stable. In the US, we remain pleased with the continued expansion and adoption of a SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA platform. This technology builds on Edwards' longstanding leadership in tissue technology and durability by combining advancements in tissue science with the industry-leading SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA -- Ultra valve. Developing safe, effective, and durable heart valve requires significant long-term commitment, and we are proud to build on 65 years on valve innovation while leveraging the expertise and know-how of more than 2,000 engineers and R&D specialists across the company. We are proud of uninterrupted leadership in structural heart and will continue to invest vigorously in these platforms. In addition, our scaling of patient activation initiative along with next-gen TAVR and additional evidence on asymptomatic and moderate AS patients, position us for healthy, sustainable TAVR growth well into the future. Outside of the US, in the fourth quarter, our double-digit growth was comparable with our global TAVR growth, driven by Europe and Japan. Long term, we continue to anticipate excellent opportunities for growth, as international adoption of TAVR therapy remain quite low in many regions. In Europe, Edwards' sales growth was driven by the broad-based adoption of our SAPIEN platform. It is encouraging that the growth in Q4 was widespread across all major countries. Looking ahead, we are pleased with the recently announced CE Mark approval for SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA, and we are planning for a disciplined launch. We were pleased with our sales growth in Japan, and as expected, we grew faster than overall procedural growth. After more than 20 years of rigorous clinical experience and over 1 million patients treated with SAPIEN valve around the world, our TAVR platform is positioned for continued global leadership and strong sustainable growth. Given the under-treatment rates, we are confident in the future of TAVR, driven by greater awareness, patient activation, a platform that delivers lifetime management for AS patients, advances in new technologies. such as RESILIA, as well as indication expansion and increased global adoption. Turning to TMTT now. In 2023, we remained focused on our key value drivers to unlock the significant long-term opportunity for patients, a portfolio of differentiated therapies, positive clinical trial results to support approvals and adoption, and favorable real-world clinical outcomes. Based on the deep learnings we have achieved from our clinical trial and real-world experiences, we have carefully constructed a strategic portfolio of leading transcatheter technologies to provide both repair and replacement solutions for mitral and tricuspid patients. PASCAL Precision, EVOQUE, and SAPIEN M3 will provide best-in-class therapies to treat the broadest range of patients. Full year global sales of $198 million increased 67% versus the prior year. TMTT's fourth quarter sales of $56 million increased 71% versus the prior year. Q4 sales were driven by the accelerating adoption of our differentiated PASCAL Precision platform and activation of more centers across the US and Europe. We were encouraged by the ongoing double-digit growth of overall transcatheter edge-to-edge repair procedure, which highlights the large unmet patient need. We continue to expand global access of PASCAL Precision in new countries, including Japan, where we recently completed our first cases. Since launch, we have proudly treated more than 20,000 patients around the globe with PASCAL repair system. In mitral replacement, we have received FDA approval for SAPIEN 3 continued access program. Physicians are continuing to treat patients with this novel therapy. In tricuspid replacement, we initiated the launch of EVOQUE in Europe, with a focus on outstanding outcomes and the goal of eliminating tricuspid regulation in patients. And in the US, following the recent early FDA approval, we are initiating the introduction of its novel therapy and building the foundation for long-term expansion. As we did for TAVR, we are focusing on best-in-class physician training, generating more evidence, and achieving excellent patient outcomes. We are grateful for the strong ongoing collaboration with clinicians all over the world to provide the treatment options to many patients suffering from tricuspid valve disease. In tricuspid repair, the CLASP II TR pivotal trial with PASCAL continues to enroll well and remains on track to complete enrollment by the end of this year. As a summary for TMTT, we are reaching an inflection point with the only portfolio of approved catheter-based mitral and tricuspid technologies. We remain committed to bringing our differentiated therapy to patients with this live threatening disease and believe our strategy positions us well for leadership. In our surgical product group, full year global sales of $999 million increased 13% versus the prior year. Fourth quarter global sales of $248 million increased 10%. Growth was driven by strong global adoption of Edwards' premium RESILIA technology and overall procedural volumes. We are confident about the future of its tissue technology and its role in improving patient lifetime management. We continue to see positive momentum in our innovation globally with continued adoption for patients best treated surgically, including those with complex and concomitant procedures. We continue to expand the overall body of RESILIA evidence, including ongoing patient enrollment of our MOMENTIS clinical study, we received CE Mark approval of our MITRIS RESILIA valve in the fourth quarter and have begun to launch in several European countries with favorable physician feedback. Turning to Critical Care. Full year global sales of $928 million increased 10% versus the prior year. Fourth quarter Critical Care sales of $250 million increased 11%. Growth was driven by contribution from all product lines, led by HemoSphere and Smart Recovery with strong adoption of our Acumen IQ sensor equipped with the Hypotension Prediction Index algorithm. Critical Care strategy is to drive growth through Smart Recovery and Smart Expansion, which are designed to help clinicians make more informed decisions and get patients home to their family faster. And with that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Okay. Thanks a lot, Bernard. So today, I'll provide a wrap-up of 2023, including detailed results of our fourth quarter as well as provide guidance for the first quarter and full year 2024. As Bernard mentioned, we were pleased with our better-than-expected Q4 sales performance with strength across all product groups. We achieved total sales of $1.53 billion, which represents 13% year-over-year growth. We achieved adjusted earnings per share of $0.64. Our GAAP earnings per share of $0.61 included one-time expenses associated with our planned spin-off of Critical Care. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted EPS for this and other items is included with today's release. We are maintaining all of our previous sales guidance ranges for 2024 with the exception of TMTT. Absent big moves in foreign exchange, we expect total company sales of $6.3 billion to $6.6 billion; TAVR sales of $4.0 billion to $4.3 billion; Surgical Structural Heart sales of $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion; and Critical Care sales of $900 million to $1 billion. Given the early FDA approval for EVOQUE, we now expect full year TMTT sales to be at the higher end of our previous $280 million to $320 million guidance range. For the first quarter, we're projecting sales of $1.53 billion to $1.61 billion, and adjusted earnings per share of $0.62 to $0.66. And now, I'll cover the additional details from our P&L. For the fourth quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 76.8% compared to 81% in the same period last year. This expected year-over-year reduction was driven by impacts from foreign exchange. Last year, Edwards' gross profit margin was lifted by a significant impact from FX. We continue to expect our full year 2024 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 78%, driven by high-value technologies that yield strong gross profit margins. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the quarter were $480 million or 31.3% of sales compared to $411 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by investments in transcatheter field-based personnel in support of our growth strategy and patient activation initiatives. We continue to expect full year 2024 SG&A as a percent of sales to be 29% to 30% as we invest in field-based personnel and patient activation initiatives and increase our focus on efficient G&A leverage. Research and development expenses in the fourth quarter grew 16% over the prior year to $270 million or 17.6% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter valve innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. For the full year 2024, we continue to expect research and development to be 17% to 18% of sales as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence to support TAVR and TMTT growth with the goal of treating even more patients. During the fourth quarter, we incurred approximately $17 million of one-time costs associated with our previously announced spin-off of Critical Care. Additional one-time costs will be incurred throughout 2024 prior to the expected separation at year-end. Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 12.3%, or 13.4% excluding the impact of special items. For the full year 2023, our reported tax rate was 12.4% or 15.0% excluding the impact of special items. Our lower-than-expected non-GAAP rate in the fourth quarter benefited primarily from US tax credits on foreign remittances and income tax. We continue to expect our 2024 tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 14% and 17%. Foreign exchange rates decreased fourth quarter reported sales growth by 80 basis points or $9 million compared to the prior year. FX rates negatively impacted our fourth quarter gross profit margin by 320 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our October guidance, FX rates had a nominal impact on fourth quarter earnings per share. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was $48 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $136 million less capital spending of $88 million. Adjusted free cash flow for the full year 2023 was $943 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $896 million less capital spending of $253 million. Adjusted free cash flow excludes the $300 million payment related to the Medtronic intellectual property agreement. We continue to expect full year 2024 adjusted free cash flow will grow to be between $1.1 billion and $1.4 billion. Before turning the call back over to Bernard, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet and share repurchase activities. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $1.6 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2023. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 6.0 million shares through an accelerated repurchase agreement and a pre-established 10b5-1 plan. As a result, average diluted shares outstanding during the quarter declined to 607 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2024 to be between 600 million and 610 million. We have approximately $1 billion remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. And with that, back to you, Bernard.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Scott. In conclusion, we are proud of the significant progress we made in 2023, advancing new breakthrough therapies for patients and delivering solid financial performance and healthy profitability. We are even more excited about 2024. This year, we anticipate launching groundbreaking technologies and advancing multiple important clinical trials. These breakthroughs, along with significant unmet patient needs, give us confidence in our ability to accelerate growth in 2025 and beyond. In TAVR, we will continue to drive global adoption of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA, present pivotal trial data from EARLY TAVR, studying asymptomatic AS patients, and enroll in ALLIANCE, a pivotal trial studying the next-generation SAPIEN X4. We also look forward to a number of key developments in TMTT, including the US and European introduction of EVOQUE, the expanded global adoption of PASCAL Precision, CLASP II TR enrollment completion, and SAPIEN M3 approval in Europe by the end of 2025. And in Surgical and Critical Care, we remain committed to healthy growth and expanded leadership. In closing, longer term for Edwards, we are confident in our plan to expand the structural heart opportunity, which reflects our sharpened focus on valvular and non-valvular patients and our commitment to innovation. We believe that executing our strategy will create value for all of our stakeholders. With that, back to you, Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Bernard. With that, we're ready to take everyone's questions. As a reminder, please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up to allow for broad participation. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question, and congratulations on the early approval of EVOQUE in the US. I feel like I need to start there. So, I'd love to hear you guys talk about your commercialization plan for EVOQUE. Are you ready to launch now? Should we expect a price premium? And talk about the reimbursement pathway? Should we expect you to file an NCD? And I had one follow-up.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Larry. I hope you are doing well. Let me start and then I will ask Daveen to add some color here. So, first, the way we are thinking about this one is like we did in TAVR, we want to make sure that we are going to introduce this very novel therapy, having in mind, building foundation for long-term expansion. So, we're going to be focusing on physician training, generating more evidence, excellent patient outcome, making sure we have coverage, payment, reimbursement, established in the US and in Europe. So, we are having here a long-term view, the same way we did in TAVR in last 20 years. But again, Daveen, I'm sure you want to share some of your plan.
Daveen Chopra: No, definitely. Thanks, Bernard. I'll start by saying, of course, we are very excited by this approval coming through the FDA breakthrough pathway. This innovation is obviously the first transcatheter technology in the US to change the life of the many patients suffering from tricuspid regurgitation. As we look at kind of our rollout model, as Bernard said, we are really planning a controlled rollout of this technology, focused on great clinical outcomes. And we're really going to start with those centers that -- who are in a clinical trial, and then over time, will grow it to new centers. We're going to have a dedicated team of clinical case support who has been training on the over 1,000 EVOQUE cases that now have been done to-date. And this team will continue to scale as we move forward. Specifically, on your question on -- I think I heard a question about NCD in there and the kind of timing. Obviously, with EVOQUE, it's a parallel review technology. So, CMS is working on the national coverage kind of on their own process, and we are continuing to work with them to kind of provide information to help support their process. So, as we all hear more about that, you guys will definitely [indiscernible] that.
Larry Biegelsen: Super helpful.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Daveen. So, what you can see, Larry, here, we have a long-term view on this one. We want to shape the space in a way that we like, in a way that everybody is going to be very proud of, like we did for TAVR.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And Daveen, just one follow-up for you. What are your thoughts on the likelihood of seeing a statistically significant mortality benefit at one year or 18 months when the full TRISCEND II data is presented at TCT? And how important is that for adoption and reimbursement? Thanks.
Daveen Chopra: Well, I think right now, as we've talked about, we've obviously shown very favorable trends in all-cause mortality, heart failure hospitalizations and tricuspid regurgitation. And those were some of the key trends that'll help us lead to our approval. Obviously, our full data set will come at TCT in the fall with one-year follow-up, and it's hard to speculate on what that data will show.
Larry Biegelsen: All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the questions, and congrats on a very nice data. Maybe just to follow up on that. We've seen just TMTT, in general, whether it's mitral or tricuspid maybe ramp over the past few years a little slower than expected. Obviously, COVID really disrupted that, that upward trajectory. Maybe just speak to some of the bottlenecks that you see in the system, especially with tricuspid replacement, it's a totally new therapy. There will be some education, I imagine. But maybe just speak to what you see as the bottlenecks and what Edwards can do to help ramp adoption in a pretty sick patient population?
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Robbie. So let me start on your earlier comment about a little slower than expected in the past years. And then, Daveen can talk about a bottleneck in the system. So, if you think about it, since the beginning, since six years ago, when we put together this vision, we did study this patient population, mitral and tricuspid, and we knew that they were very complex and diverse. And we knew from the beginning that one device, one therapy, a repair technology only will not be sufficient. Repair technology, and we are very pleased about PASCAL, but can only treat some -- a small proportion of patients. So it is why we have this vision of having a portfolio. So right now, what we have is this portfolio on the tricuspid side, we are on track to get also a mitral replacement. And what we are going to see, what we are going to see altogether is an acceleration. Clinicians will be able to treat more patients. So, the dynamic in the next 10 years is going to be very different than the dynamic in the last 10 years. But again, Daveen...
Daveen Chopra: Yeah, I'll make a couple of quick comments. First, we're really excited, because we see that the replacement technology really has the potential to treat a large number of patients. Because especially in tricuspid regurgitation, note one patient is alike. There's really a huge heterogeneity and replacement will really see as the core of treating the largest number of patients, and then we see other technologies like [TEER] (ph) as well as other modalities that are still in trials potentially to add new patient groups on top of that. We've seen in Europe where tricuspid as a therapy has been approved longer that centers are starting to continue to build up and grow the tricuspid practice. As you bring in technology to market, you start seeing the awareness of the disease to grow and you see more referrals and you see more patients getting to the heart team. And some of that becomes from how we imaging people correctly and we're referring them correctly at centers. And we can see that, that's exactly what we see potentially that will happen out with the new therapy of tricuspid in the US. We'll be able to start building up diagnosis referral to heart teams. And also, we see that there's an opportunity, as Larry talked about in the investor conference, in the TAVR group, we're doing so much with patient activation. And we see that all those learnings from patient activations in the future will be able to be leveraged over to the TMTT space, both for mitral and tricuspid to continue to grow the market.
Robbie Marcus: Great. I appreciate that. Maybe one on the TAVR market. We have the exciting data from EARLY TAVR coming later this year at TCT. How do you think about what that does to the TAVR market growth going forward? Do you put up double-digit growth in the fourth quarter? That's what guidance includes over the next few years for the most part. How do you think about what's coming from low intermediate and high risk and severe? And then, how do you think about what asymptomatic adds? Is that just what helps keep you at double digit, or can that help accelerate growth? Thanks.
Larry Wood: Yeah. Thanks. This is Larry. That's a great question. I think the first thing is we're just going to learn a lot from this trial. There's a lot of unknown questions out there in terms of what percentage of patients are truly asymptomatic when subjected to a stress test. I think how fast do people progress and what happens to people while they're waiting. I think the biggest thing about it is, as we've talked about, and I spent a lot of time at the investor conference, the time from a patient to get diagnosed or treated is just really long. And a lot of that is the interpretation of the guidelines and this overlay of symptoms. And it's all really stand in the gears preventing the patients from moving through. And unfortunately, given the deadliness of the disease, a lot of people never actually make it to therapy. I think with the EARLY TAVR trial, assuming that it's successful, it will just streamline that process where we can just apply guideline criteria to aortic stenosis, and it won't require this additional evaluation of symptoms and people can just move through. But remember, only about 13% of patients right now with severe aortic stenosis actually get treated. So there's a huge under-treatment right now. We think asymptomatic just adds to that.
Bernard Zovighian: In addition, Robbie, what I like is our commitment to -- after 20 years of TAVR, we are still super committed to bring big evidence. Look at these two trials, PROGRESS and EARLY TAVR, this is a potential, for sure, to learn more, but also to expand indication to change the guidelines. So, as a leader in the space, for sure, we like it, we are committed. But I believe that in the next 10 years, here in TAVR, we are going to see some very exciting things happening.
Larry Wood: Yeah, I think that's right. And I think it's sort of returned to a little bit of the earlier days in TAVR, where I think we're planning on having a steady cadence of new trials and new data and new evidence that continues to not only raise awareness about the therapy, but also open up new opportunities for patients to get treated that don't currently get treated today.
Robbie Marcus: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Travis Steed: Hey, thanks for taking the question. Maybe talking about EVOQUE over a multiyear period, just curious how you think that market develops compared to the mitral market, if you think that goes faster or slower? And when you think about the data that we have so far, it seems like replacement is doing better than clipping. So, I don't know if you think about the mechanism of action why replacement would be better than clipping and kind of where you see a place for clipping in the market in tricuspid?
Bernard Zovighian: Go ahead?
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. So, I guess I'll start off with the latter part of your question about the technology. As I kind of mentioned, we see that in replacement where you're able to really eliminate tricuspid regurgitation, we see an awesome opportunity to help patients and really improve their quality of life. And we see kind of replacement with its broad applicability really being able to treat a large chunk of those tricuspid regurgitations, the vast majority of tricuspid regurgitation patients. But there's still -- but again, based on the disease state and the heterogeneity of tricuspid regurgitation, there's still going to be many patients where replacement may not make sense for anatomical or other considerations, where whether it's a clasping technology or other modality may make sense. Back to your first question about how the market develops related to mitral, I think we see continued strength in this. We think the mitral market had some early strength in kind of slowdown during COVID. We think that the tricuspid market, as referrals and awareness of the disease continues, we'll continue to kind of grow at a very strong rate at rates that we think they can kind of probably exceed kind of mitral, especially with the two modalities entering the market in a very similar time, you now have an opportunity to treat a larger proportion of patients.
Travis Steed: Helpful. And a follow-up, curious on the SMART trial. If the data there is good? If you think there's an impact on the market? And then also, there was news last week, when last competitor comes to the market in 2024. Does that change your view on 2025? I'm just curious what kind of competition you had kind of baked into your long-term guidance. Thanks a lot.
Larry Wood: Sure. With regard to this [market] (ph) trial, I think we'll just have to wait and see the trial, and we don't know what it's going to show. But I think the key thing is thinking about how physicians select TAVR valves for their patients. And that's really a multi-factorial decision. I think you have to look at mortality rates, stroke, future interventions, all those things. And hemodynamics is certainly, you know, one consideration, but I don't think it's even a driving consideration compared to some of the other factors that are probably higher on the hierarchy for patients. In terms of the competitive space, we didn't have a lot in 2024 because it was expected the approval was going to come late. We know it takes time to ramp a new therapy. We'll have to see what the impact on 2025 is and what the revised approval timing is. And there's no real value in me speculating on that.
Bernard Zovighian: Yeah. And in addition, as me being in my first year as CEO, I'd like to reflect a little bit about where we are as a company. And when I think about valve, making heart valve, it is not easy. Given the nature of patient needs, this is not luck. We are committed and focused for more than 60 years and we bring experience, a very deep knowledge. What we have seen, even in the past few years, many platforms, many companies coming in and leaving the market after a year, two years or three years. So, we are leading the space with a very significant long-term commitment, more than 2,000 engineers, R&D, R&D specialists. We are proud of our uninterrupted leadership in the space. And we are going to continue investing. So, look, for sure, we take all the competitors very seriously, but we are very confident about our leadership, about our technologies, and about our evidence.
Travis Steed: Great. And congrats again on the EVOQUE approval.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patrick Wood with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Patrick Wood: Amazing. Thank you for taking the questions. I guess maybe for the first one on TAVR in Japan, in general, do you think you've been taking back some share post-trialing? It sounded like you feel very good about the market, and you have taken back some share on that side. Just any color you could give there would be great.
Larry Wood: Sure. I think what happens when new technology comes into Japan, just because of the way the certification process works and people having to move through that process, that certainly had an impact for us. I think in Q4, we grew faster than the market. And I think that really relates to some of the trialing ending and people kind of moving back to our platform. But this is sort of something that goes on, but we're very pleased with how we grew in Japan in Q4 and continue to look forward to that market growing because it's a very -- it's a much lower penetrated market than places like the US and Europe. So we continue to see that as a long-term growth driver for us.
Patrick Wood: That's very helpful. And then just quickly as a follow-up, I get this might be difficult to comment on, but the faster-than-expected approval of EVOQUE, what in your discussions with the FDA? And what do you think they placed a great weight on in getting it comfortable with it into market faster than expected? Do you think there was like one area of data or sense of the products because that's obviously not been the experience for everyone? So just curious to get any thoughts there.
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. No, sure. This is Daveen again. I'll kind of jump in this one. Obviously, we received an approval through this FDA breakthrough pathway. And this was a really innovative pathway where the basis of approval was the breakthrough cohort of the 150 patients we presented at TCT. But at the same time, as we were working with the FDAs and answering their questions, we presented and gave them other data from our larger cohort, other descriptive statistics. And as we mentioned, it's that larger cohort where the results really showed those favorable trends in all-cause mortality, heart failure hospitalizations, tricuspid reinterventions. It was those kinds of trends that I think that we believe probably have the FDA come back to us and say, oh, yeah, this kind of makes sense. We probably don't need an advisory panel that led to our approval. And so, we're very excited that the full cohort of data, the full one-year cohort on the 400 patients will be presented at TCT, so we can kind of see all the data, not just kind of the breakthrough cohort plus the initial kind of look at the other data. And that going forward, right, for us, as we launch out this therapy, we're going to continue to have a great deal of evidence. We're going to continue to have trials and more data that help show how great this therapy really could be for patients. We're planning to build this therapy with really careful physician training, great clinical outcomes, and supporting this therapy just like we as an organization did for TAVR not that long ago. And so, I'm excited really for that long-term opportunity and what this means for helping patients.
Patrick Wood: Looking forward to it. Thanks again for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on a nice print here. Maybe on the last question on EVOQUE, Daveen, you made some comments here about the totality of data. But I'm curious on -- when you think about the market development, is there like a bar, like do we need to see a stat significance in mortality? Like, there's a reason this valve was called forgotten valve. So I'm curious what wakes up physicians to take this valve seriously, maybe compare in contrast on how this adoption curve could look like versus I don't know if TAVR is a good example, but I would love your comments.
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. No, I'll start off a little bit first on the totality of data. Now with EVOQUE, we've implanted and tracked data in clinical trials on over 1,000 patients in various studies. And what we've consistently seen is that these patients are patients who don't have an option. There are patients who are looking for options out there and don't feel great and can't do the things that they want to do every day in their life, and that -- the EVOQUE technology really makes a huge difference in their life. This concept, the quality of life really does matter for patients to be able to pick up -- play with your grandkids, walk up the stairs. It really does matter. And I'm not trying to discount that these other statistics matter, right, mortality, heart failure hospitalization. Those all matter as well. But we've, I think, shown in the breakthrough cohort that we at the starting point have this amazing quality of life improvement. And that's why our indications about improvement in health status. We've got the favorable trend in the other data points, all cohorts mortality, heart failure hospitalization, tricuspid intervention. And those favorable trends, we'll continue to see more data as we go in the future. But as I mentioned before, we're going to continue beyond just this study, the tricuspid [indiscernible]. We're going to continue to gather data on patients. We're going to continue to gather large data on large numbers of patients to help show how EVOQUE can really help patients. And I think it's that kind of data, along with kind of all the other key things we talked about, careful physician training, controlled rollout, excellent outcomes, that will really help create this market and really do the market development. And so, it's hard for me to speculate how will this compare maybe the technologies like TAVR, same question about mitral, but I'm excited for what it can do. I think there's so much opportunity to grow this market.
Bernard Zovighian: Yeah. Thank you, Daveen. Well said. And we are very excited. Think about TAVR, 20 years later, we are still generating evidence. We are still innovating with Ultra RESILIA X4. We still believe that there is a way for TAVR to grow healthy double digit in the many years to come globally. So here, for TMTT EVOQUE, it's probably thinking the same. It is not the next five years, it's like 10 or 20 years here that we are thinking of.
Larry Wood: Yeah. Just, just to pile on that, having spent so much time in the TAVR space, when we deal with regulators and with payers and stuff, there's a lot of focus on mortality and people get really almost singularly focused on it. But spending the time with the patient groups that I spend, living longer, but living poorly is not a feature to them. If you told them they had this exact same life expectancy, but their quality of life would dramatically improve, that's far more valuable to them. And I think when you can get that quality of life improvement and you can get the mortality benefit, that's where you really have the home run therapy like what we've seen with TAVR. And so that's really what we're trying to build on. But I wouldn't discount the quality of life benefits. They're really significant for patients.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. That's helpful. And maybe, Scott, one quick one for you on this Q1 EPS guide. I think at the midpoint, it's slightly below Street. I'm curious on what's driving that. Is that a step up in OpEx? Or is that a gross margin or below-the-line sort of issue that's impacting Q1 EPS?
Scott Ullem: Yeah. It's a couple of things, but largely it relates to just the lumpiness of SG&A and R&D and in what period we record those expenses. Q1, the increase in OpEx will outpace revenue according to our current forecast. And that's the reason why we end up with the midpoint of the range of $0.64 level with the EPS from the fourth quarter. But overall, it's important to remember that for the full year, we're expecting bottom-line growth to exceed top-line growth once you get through the different quarter-to-quarter cadence.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Matt Taylor: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask you if you thought that the delays that your competitors having in the US would have any impact on international markets. Does it provide you an opportunity to gain any share? Does it change anything?
Larry Wood: We'll have to see what the impact is. Certainly, we've seen cases where US data has impacted international share in international markets. I think it just depends on what the data is. But I think the reality is there's been no data released. All those data just simply a signal that they're delaying their approval and waiting for additional data. So, I don't know that how much people are going to react to that. The other thing is there's more that goes into to the purchasing decision oftentimes, especially in Europe than clinical data. And for the people that are purchasing on price because there's favorable pricing and it's a significant discount, I don't know how much that will get impacted.
Matt Taylor: Got you. And can I ask one follow-up on -- you mentioned the activation of patients a few times. I know you're doing a lot there. Are you doing anything new and different there, or is it kind of more of the same? I just was noticing the call-outs on this call?
Larry Wood: I think we continue to do a lot of new things. We're running a number of programs. I think one of the things that I talked about at the investor conference is I know there's a lot of speculation on -- and skepticism, frankly, on the under-treatment rates and are all those patients really there. I can tell you we've done enough work in major health systems where we've applied things like AI to the echo reports, and we can absolutely definitively say the patients are there. They're just not moving through the system for a variety of reasons. So, the first thing you have to do is validate. The second thing you have to do is get people to understand what to do about it, and then you have to move them through the process and get treated. And we have multiple things that we're working on to drive those patients through, but we are literally continually evolving these programs to try to optimize them to activate patients off the sidelines and move them through the system in a streamlined fashion.
Matt Taylor: Thanks a lot, Larry.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Barclays. Please state your question.
Matt Miksic: Hi, thanks so much for taking the question. So, I had one on EVOQUE and one follow-up on margins if I could. So, not to put too fine a point on it, but moving from the middle of your TMTT range to the high end is like $10 million to $20 million. And so, if we think about EVOQUE came about five, six months early. Does that tell us what we need to know about your sort of expectations for the run rate this year knowing what we know now, I guess, in EVOQUE as we just get started in the US? And then I have one follow-up.
Daveen Chopra: No, Matt. Thanks so much for the question. It's Daveen again. Yeah, if you first look at the timing of it, right, we kind of said midyear was kind of our initial estimation, and midyear has got a couple of months kind of window. So this definitely was up by a couple of months earlier than we kind of expected. And so, based on what we know now, we continue to be confident in what we think EVOQUE can do. And obviously, we'll see as we get through adoption and we start moving through centers, training how fast the rate is, but that help us bring this up just a little bit. I think the other comment I'll make is things like new technology add-on payments, right, which are helpful for hospitals to help ensure that they're adequately kind of profitable and doing a good job comes online October 1, and that date doesn't really change whether you get earlier approval or late approval. So, there are some factors like that. But we'll continue to look at as we adapt over the course of the year and how it grows and give updates as -- if needed.
Matt Miksic: That's great. And then the follow-up on the margins in Matt's question just now on the activities that you're getting after in the field. So, you hired these folks in -- I guess, in the fourth quarter, which is part of the step up in spending there. Just wondering, first, does that have an impact in Q4? Can you talk a little bit about the benefits that you're seeing so far from those investments in that? Second, are you continuing those investments? Or to your point earlier, Scott, about like leverage against those investments, are you kind of done and now it's about achieving leverage against sort of a set additional spend that you put into the field? Thanks.
Scott Ullem: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Matt. Yeah, we're just getting started with building out our field force both for EVOQUE, but as well as we continue to expand the presence of our overall TMTT portfolio. And so this is the beginning of an investment in building a foundation of a team in the field, not the end. You should expect that we're going to continue to grow our resources, invest in the field team. And by the way, that's not limited just to TMTT. TAVR continues to grow aggressively, and we're investing more resources to support that growth as well. One of the things we're doing, though, is looking carefully at general and administrative expenses globally. And as Edwards has put down a broader global footprint, it gives us an opportunity to get some leverage from scale. And so, we're going to be continuing to look closely at that and making sure that we're being as efficient as we can be on the P&L.
Matt Miksic: Okay. And then, the TAVR side, did you see any results you feel from these field activations and patient activation efforts in Q4? Or is that something that's still to come? Thanks.
Scott Ullem: Yeah. Matt, I think we saw some benefit from patient activation initiatives that we have in place. It's tough to isolate those from the other efforts that we have underway to continue to support the growth of TAVR. But no, that's certainly helping drive growth in the fourth quarter and beyond.
Larry Wood: Just to add on to this, I mean, I think it'd be incorrect to say our patient activation efforts are just starting to pay dividends now. We've been doing patient activation for the last, I don't know, five or six years through our digital campaigns through some of our website stuff, some of our patient resources, some of the general cardiology awareness events we do and a number of other things that have been driving this. So, I think patient activation has been contributing all the way along the way. I think what we're talking about now, though, is a much more sophisticated approach and program to really tapping into these untreated patients that are in the system, but hospitals don't really realize that they're there, and how do we bridge those gaps. And that's really where our activation now is because we know the patients are there. We know they're diagnosed with an echo, but they're not moving. And so, it's just a matter of tapping into those patients in the right way and getting the accelerated through the system.
Bernard Zovighian: What's fair to say though is, in the past few years, we have done many pilots, many initiatives. We have extracted so many learnings. What we are doing right now is scaling. We are scaling and spending. We are spending resources in Q4 last year, this year, and the next few years. So, you are going to see more and more because we believe there are so many patients in need not receiving a treatment.
Matt Miksic: Super helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Nephron Research. Please state your question.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. I think I heard you mention patient activation, not just with regard to TAVR, but also as an important part of the EVOQUE rollout. I was encouraged to hear from a lot of physicians back at TCT, they're actually seeing many more of these tricuspid patients in their practice. So, as you think about the initial launch here, do you expect to have to do a lot of work establishing referral channels? Or do you think there are already a large number of these patients identified and waiting for treatment?
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. Hey, Chris. This is Daveen. No, I appreciate it. I think at least my reference toward in patient activation and how we think about in TMTT is more over the longer term, right? And we think about there's so much learning that TAVR is happening where, yeah, we're doing some things right now, we're testing small things, but it's really about over the midterm, how do we kind of help scale patient activation in a way that kind of TAVR has been doing and really helps drive kind of organic growth and a number of patients being diagnosed and being referred to our teams. Well, the other point I'll kind of make is that, right now, I think that most of our time or a lot of our energy is really about building capabilities for getting centers up and running. So, there are a lot of patients in the center. If you look at how our trials enrolled, especially the TRISCEND II trial, it enrolled really fast and enrolled very quickly. So, we know there's definitely groups of patients who now are looking for options. They've been diagnosed and looking for options. But as we grow over time, we're going to continue to try to build off that and leverage a lot of those kind of TAVR kind of patient activation efforts.
Chris Pasquale: That's helpful. Thanks. And then a lot of focus, I think, rightly so on the new US products. But you've got a couple in Europe, SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA and MITRIS RESILIA both rolling out there. Are the price premiums for those products in Europe the same as what we see in the US? And do you think you can get similar adoption in what is a more price sensitive market? Thanks.
Larry Wood: Yeah. I'll start, and then if Wayne has anything to add, he can. The price premiums are different in the different markets because it all depends on kind of where the starting price was. So, we went for larger premiums in Europe than what we did in the US. And so, a more price sensitive market, obviously, that's more of an issue. So, we've seen more rapid adoption of our RESILIA-based therapies in the US. But we continue to see this growing in Europe. And I think we're really gaining momentum on our RESILIA platforms in total. I don't know, Wayne, did you have anything to add?
Wayne Markowitz: Maybe just a couple of things I'd add was just if you think about our global adoption of the RESILIA premium technologies, we're also seeing tremendous growth out of the emerging markets. And a lot of those emerging markets are finding and identifying patients that can be best treated surgically with RESILIA portfolio. So it's been certainly a global effort, but strong growth out of the emerging markets even with premium technology, which is encouraging to see too.
Chris Pasquale: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question for today comes from Danielle Antalffy with UBS. Please state your question.
Danielle Antalffy: Great. Thanks so much, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Larry, just a quick question for you on the PROGRESS trial in moderate aortic stenosis. I mean, I know this isn't the first time we're hearing about the speed of enrollment in that trial that it's certainly a positive signal. And I guess my question for you is, is there anything to read into the potential opportunity there based on the speed of enrollment? Was there anything unique about the trial that allowed us to enroll so much faster than you guys expected? And what could this mean for potential approval, number one; but number two, just more broadly, once we see this data uplift across the market?
Larry Wood: Yeah. Thanks, Danielle. I think clinical trial enrollment, I think, is always an important marker for the opportunity. And I think having rapid clinical trial enrollment, I think, does certainly speak to that opportunity. I think it also speaks to the fact that everything we've done in the PARTNER series of trial has still been just isolated to severe aortic stenosis. And most of that work is, is it better to do surgeries or better to do TAVR. What I think there's a lot of enthusiasm and excitement about now is actually attacking the disease in a different way and saying, should we be waiting until patients are literally at the end stage before we even consider doing anything, or should we be evaluating those patients sooner. And I think that could have two benefits. The first is, if we showed that treating moderate patients is important and has real advantages for those patients, then I think it could provide a real accelerant for those severe patients that aren't moving today. And I think we've seen that when we went from high risk to intermediate risk, we have the intermediate risk approvals, one of the biggest accelerations we saw was in the high-risk space. Because people are like, for having to debate in the intermediate, then high risk are automatic at this point. But I think the other thing about it is if we can show a benefit in these moderate patients, there's literally twice as many moderate patients as there are severe patients. And so, when we think about long-term and just continual opportunities to drive the market, I think that steady cadence of data with early TAVR coming later this year at TCT, and then we're talking about a couple of years, two and a half years later, we get the PROGRESS trial, that steady cadence of data, we think is going to be important for informing patients and improving treatment rates.
Danielle Antalffy: That makes sense. I'll leave it at that. Thanks so much, guys.
Bernard Zovighian: So, in closing, I am very proud about what we did last year. 2023 was a great year. Strong performance across our four product groups globally. When I think about this year 2024, I'm super excited. We are going to have multiple breakthrough technologies, clinical trial in TAVR, TMTT and surgical. Here, we have a chance. The same way we did it in TAVR 20 years ago to shape the TMTT space with EVOQUE and providing basically a toolbox to physician to treat so many patients. So, that's a very unique opportunity that we are taking very seriously. The speed of critical care, we are executing on this one also in 2024. So I'm super confident that this year is going to be a super exciting year and we are going to be very well positioned to accelerate growth in 2025 and beyond. So with that, thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, Mark and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. All parties may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mark Wilterding, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Diego, and good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. We are coming to you live from San Francisco at the 35th Annual TCT Conference. With me on today's call is our CEO, Bernard Zovighian; and our CFO, Scott Ullem. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are, Larry Wood, our Group Vice President -- Group President, excuse me, of TAVR and Surgical Structural Heart; and Daveen Chopra, our Global Leader of TMTT. Just after the close of regular trading Edwards Lifesciences released third quarter 2023 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include but aren't limited to, financial guidance and expectations for longer term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important safety information may be found in the press release, our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings. All of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. Unless otherwise noted our commentary on sales growth refers to constant currency sales growth, which is defined in the quarterly results press release issued earlier today. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are also included in today's press release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bernard for his comments.
Bernard Zovighian: Good afternoon, everyone. As Mark said, we are hosting today's call from TCT in San Francisco. Im going to start by covering some of the exciting developments at the conference, share highlights of the significant progress our team has made advancing our strategy, review our strong third quarter results, and finally, discuss our confidence in the outlook for Edwards. We have a lot of data being presented this week about technologies, Edwards has developed. Included among these are results from free late-breaking clinical trials, all of which reflects Edwards' commitment to generating high quality evidence, to advance innovative therapies for patients, suffering from structural heart disease. Yesterday, physicians presented five year data from the PARTNER 3 low risk pivotal trial. We believe these data demonstrate that TAVR with the SAPIEN platform should continue to be the preferred therapy for treating patients, who have severe symptomatic aortic stenosis. Still more than 20 years of rigorous clinical experiences and trials, now eight New England Journal of Medicine Publication and over a million patients treated, SAPIEN technology offers patient unique benefits. SAPIEN 3 has demonstrated 99% freedom from death and disabling stroke at one year. 90% survival at five years and is the only valve with the THV and THV indication. This is true lifetime management benefit, which expands option for patients. Tomorrow at TCT, we are looking forward to the presentation of the six month analysis of our EVOQUE tricuspid valve, the first-of-its-kind of therapy for the millions of patients, suffering from tricuspid valve disease. In addition, tomorrow, you will receive a one year full cohort result of a CLASP IID pivotal trial with PASCAL. We continue to make meaningful progress to advance our vision of offering a portfolio of innovative transcatheter therapies to treat tricuspid and mitral valve disease. In the last several weeks, we achieved four important milestones in support of our commitment to patient-focused innovation. First, CE Mark approval for EVOQUE tricuspid valve replacement system. Second, CE Mark approval for the MITRIS RESILIA surgical mitral valve. Third, PASCAL Precision approval in Japan. Finally, the competition of the enrollment in the first-ever pivotal trial for any transfemoral mitral replacement therapy the ENCIRCLE trial for SAPIEN M3. Turning now to Q3 financial performance. Third quarter global sales grew 11% to $1.5 billion, led by our differentiated portfolio of innovative therapies. We were pleased with our results, which were in line with our expectation and/or present another quarter of double-digit sales growth. For the full year, we continue to expect total company sales growth to be in the 10% to 13% range. Now, I will provide an overview of the third quarter sales performance by product group. In TAVR, we continue to see strong demand for our leading SAPIEN platform with third quarter sales of $961 million, up 10% year-over-year. Our U.S. and OUS sales growth rates were comparable. Our U.S. and OUS competitive positions were stable and globally, local selling prices were stable. In the U.S., our third quarter TAVR sales were driven by the continued successful launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA. On the clinical side, we are pleased with the pace of enrollment in our pivotal trial alliance, designed to study SAPIEN X4, our groundbreaking next generation TAVR technology. In Europe, Edwards sales growth was driven by the broad-based adoption of our SAPIEN platform. We look forward to additional data, supporting the Edwards' benchmark program to be presented at the PCR London Valve's Conference in November. Our sales in Japan grew year-over-year, reflecting a gradual recovery in market growth and strong adoption of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA. Competitive trialing in the third quarter were -- was less pronounced versus the first half of this year. And as expected, we grew faster than overall procedure growth. Around the world, we remain focused on improving diagnosis and treatment of the many more patients who remain undertreated. In summary, the combination of our global TAVR leadership, along with the data presented at TCT this week, gives the company further confidence in the future of TAVR, and the company's expectation of a $10 billion opportunity by 2028. Now, turning to TMTT. Our commitment to the unmet needs of mitral and tricuspid patients, took a significant step forward with the achievement of several important milestones in this past quarter. TMTT third quarter global sales of $52 million increased 65% versus the prior year. This performance was driven by accelerating adoption of our differentiated PASCAL precision platform, the activation of more centers across the U.S. and Europe, as well as key TEER (ph) procedural growth. We continue to be pleased with our excellent clinical outcomes, reflecting the impressive performance of PASCAL Precision and the value brought by our comprehensive high touch model. We are continuing the expansion of PASCAL Precision globally, with the expected launch in Japan before the end of the year. In our mitral clinical trials, we look forward to the one year CLASP IID randomized pivotal trial, and CLASP IID registry outcomes with PASCAL to be presented as part of a late breaking scientific sessions tomorrow at TCT. This will add to the body of evidence, supporting TEER (ph) as an effective therapy for patients. With the earlier than expected completion of enrollment in the ENCIRCLE pivotal trial for SAPIEN M3, we believe we are one step closer to offering an important valve replacement option, beyond TEER to serve even more patients, suffering from mitral valve disease. In tricuspid, earlier this month, we received CE Mark approval for EVOQUE. We look forward to bringing this new therapy to Europe through disciplined launch that will focus on ensuring excellent patient outcomes. Now, with this approval physicians in Europe will have access to this groundbreaking option in addition to TEER. As noted, tomorrow at TCT late breaking data from the TRISCEND II pivotal trial of the EVOQUE replacement technology will be presented on the first 150 randomized patients, based on EVOQUE's FDA breakthrough pathway designation. This landmark presentation on a novel therapy demonstrate our leadership and commitment to innovation and science, and our focus on helping large population of patients with unmet needs. In summary for TMTT, we are proud of the new therapy introductions, clinical trial achievements and geographic expansion. We have achieved to advance our vision to build a portfolio of therapies to transform lives of mitral and tricuspid patients. In surgical, third quarter sales of $247 million increased 11%, driven by a balanced combination of strong global adoption of Edwards' premium technology and overall procedural growth. We continue to see strong momentum of our RESILIA portfolio globally, which has been widely adopted, because of the excellent durability of its proven tissue technology, supported by the recent seven year aortic data and five year mitral data from our commenced clinical trial. We are confident about the future of this technology, as we expand the overall body of RESILIA evidence, including ongoing patient enrollment of our momentous clinical study. Finally, we received CE Mark approval for our MITRIS RESILIA mitral valve earlier this month. We expect to introduce this valve in the fourth quarter, followed by full European launch in 2024. In Critical Care, third quarter sales of $221 million increased 6%, driven by a smart recovery portfolio, with strong adoption of our Acumen IQ sensors, equipped with the high potential prediction index algorithm. We remain confident in our pipeline of critical care innovation, as we continue to shift our focus to smart recovery technologies, designed to help clinicians make better decision and get patient home to their family faster. And now, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Hey. Thanks a lot, Bernard. We are pleased to report third quarter sales performance in line with our expectations, with strength across all product groups. We achieved total sales of $1.48 billion, which represents 11% year-over-year growth. We achieved adjusted earnings per share of $0.59. Our GAAP earnings per share of $0.63 benefited from a change in U.S. tax regulations. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share for this and other items is included with today's release. I'll now cover some additional details of our third quarter sales results and full year 2023 outlook by product group. A continuation of double-digit global TAVR growth reflected a more balanced hospital staffing environment, as well as strong adoption of the SAPIEN family of valves. U.S. TAVR sales growth was driven by the launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA, which remains on track to represent the majority of our U.S. TAVR sales before year end. In Europe, Edwards sales growth was driven by the continued demand of our SAPIEN platform and was broad based by country. In Japan improved growth in the third quarter was driven by the ongoing launch of our SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve. For global TAVR sales, we continue to expect full year 2023 sales of $3.85 billion to $4.0 billion, representing 10% to 13% growth. TMTT growth in Q3 was driven by adoption of our differentiated PASCAL precision platform, activation of more centers across the U.S. and Europe and strong procedure volumes. Overall, we are pleased with our continued progress towards establishing a portfolio of TMTT therapies, combined with temporary clinical data, in order to achieve our vision of transforming the lives of patients with mitral and tricuspid valve disease. We continue to expect full year 2023 TMTT sales of $180 million to $200 million. In Surgical Structural Heart, 11% sales growth in the quarter was driven by the adoption of Edwards RESILIA products, based on positive year-to-date performance, we continue to expect that our full year sales will be in the range of $960 million to $1.02 billion, implying low double-digit growth in 2023. And in critical care, we continue to expect full year 2023 sales of $870 million to $940 million. For total Edwards, based upon the performance we have delivered year-to-date, we continue to expect full year 2023 sales to be in the range of $5.9 billion to $6.1 billion and full year sales growth to be in the 10% to 13% range. Lastly, we continue to expect our full year adjusted earnings per share to be between $2.50 and $2.60. We are projecting fourth quarter sales to be between $1.45 billion and $1.53 billion. We are also projecting fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share to be between $0.60 and $0.66. Now, I'll cover additional details of our P&L. For the third quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 76.4% as expected, compared to 81% in the same period last year. This year-over-year reduction was driven by impacts from foreign exchange. Remember last year, Edwards' gross profit margin was lifted by an unusually positive impact from foreign exchange. We continue to expect our full year 2023 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 78%. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the quarter were $440 million or 29.7% of sales compared to $377 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by investments in transcatheter field based personnel in support of our growth strategy and performance based compensation. We continue to expect full year 2023 SG&A as a percent of sales to be 29% to 30%, as we invest in field based personnel and our therapy adoption initiatives. Research and development expenses in the third quarter grew 16% over the prior year to $270 million or 18.3% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter valve innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. For the full year 2023, we continue to expect R&D to be 17% to 18% of sales, as we invest in developing new technologies, and generating evidence to support TAVR and TMTT. Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 12.7% or 18.8%, excluding the impact of special items. Our reported rate benefited from the suspension of certain U.S. tax regulations, surrounding forward tax credits are slightly higher than expected non-GAAP rate, resulted primarily from income mix and a lower excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 13% and 17%. Foreign exchange rates decreased third quarter reported sales growth by 140 basis points or $16 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect an approximately $40 million year-over-year negative impact to full year 2023 sales, compared to 2022. FX rates negatively impacted our third quarter gross profit margin by 410 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our July guidance, FX rates had a $0.01 negative impact on third quarter earnings per share. Free cash flow for the third quarter was $356 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $411 million, less capital spending of $55 million. We continue to expect full year 2023 adjusted free cash flow will be between $1.0 billion and $1.4 billion. And before turning the call back over to Bernard, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet and share repurchase activities. We continue to maintain a solid and flexible balance sheet with approximately $1.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short term investments, as of September 30. During the third quarter, we repurchased 2.2 million shares under our 10b5 plan. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2023 to be between $610 million and $615 million. We have approximately $500 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. And with that, back over to you, Bernard.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Scott. In closing, after more than 20 years of rigorous clinical experience over 1 million patients treated. In this week, five year PARTNER III results. Edwards TAVR is positioned for strong sustainable growth, as many patient remain undiagnosed and untreated. In addition, we have two strong global businesses, critical care and surgical, which our position for durable long-term growth driven by portfolios of differentiated technology. Moreover, we are achieving many, many significant milestones in TMTT, that gives us the confidence about progressing our vision to treat the many mitral and tricuspid patients in need. Altogether, we are convinced of the tremendous opportunity to drive success in the future through our patient focused, breakthrough technologies and leadership. With that, pass it back to Mark to open up Q&A.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Bernard. Before we open it up for questions, I'd like to remind you about our 2023 investor conference, which we will host at our headquarters in Irvine, California, on Thursday, December 7. This event will include updates on our latest technologies, views on longer term market potential, as well as our outlook for 2024. More information and a registration form are available on our website. With that, we're ready to take questions now. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego, please go ahead with additional details on accessing the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robbie Marcus with JP Morgan. Please state your question.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe to start you guys did 11% TAVR growth in the quarter, roughly similar U.S., OUS. How do we think about what's holding it back here from being faster, pre-COVID it was growing at much higher rates. It's been one of the slower to recover, sub-sectors in med-tech. Data we presented this weekend, should be supportive of growth. But what gives you confidence this going to remain a double-digit growth market for the foreseeable future.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Robbie. Let me start and then I will ask, Larry, to continue here. First, we are pleased to this quarter. Again, it is the third quarter in a row of double-digit, sales growth, we are very pleased about it. Very balanced between U.S. and OUS. Our Ultra RESILIA adoption is going very well according to plan in U.S. and in Japan. And, and we look at the opportunity with, so many patients are undiagnosed and untreated. So we feel good about, what's ahead of us, we feel we are well-positioned. All of the data, presented this week give us even greater confidence. But, Larry, you want to add anything?
Larry Wood: Yeah. I don't have a lot to add, this is our third straight quarter of double-digit growth, which coming out of COVID and all the rockiness that we saw during that period of time. It's actually been really good to see the stability that we've seen and the continued growth even as our business gets larger. So I actually feel really good about our growth rate. I think, we're continuing to work to get patients off the sidelines and our patient activation. I think the data, hopefully, the data here is reassuring for patients. People were worried about a durability signal with TAVR. And now we have really high quality data published in the New England Journal of Medicine which shows absolutely no durability signal at five years using [indiscernible] definition. So we think all of those are positive and those continue to help us have double-digit and sustainable growth over a long period of time. So I feel great about where we are.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Maybe one more product question here from me. You just kind of EVOQUE approved in Europe with CE Mark. We'll see the data for six months tomorrow in tricuspid replacement. This is a market we hear from doctors a lot, they may not be terribly excited about repair but replacement could be a really exciting option. What do you think Edwards needs to do as a company to take this market and accelerate adoption and drive uptake here in an area that's been pretty slow with tricuspid repair? Thanks.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Robbie. So we are going to do, what we have done in TAVR for the last 15 years, basically. Focusing, number one on the patient outcomes. So which is why, we are being -- we are going to be focusing on making sure, our team (ph) is well-trained, well equipped, to support the physicians. We are going to have a disciplined launch in Europe, and we are going to produce evidence like twice in two, cohorts you are going to see tomorrow. And we are going to continue to produce more evidence. But maybe Daveen, you want to add anything here?
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. No. Thanks, Bernard. I appreciate it. No, I think, as Bernard has said, we really do believe that it's the comprehensive high touch model and outstanding outcomes is a key step. But it's much more than that. And us having the ability to take the TAVR playbook from long ago and help apply it to this news area is really important. And for us that includes not only technology, innovation, evidence, but also continuing to then overtime, work on helping improve diagnosis referral and eventually treatment of patients. But for us, this is a comprehensive kind of play, a long-term play for us to really build a new therapy that we're really excited about to help patients with.
Bernard Zovighian: And if I may add, Robbie here. We're also at the beginning of better understanding of this tricuspid -- tricuspid disease, we believe that with TEER and replacement adoption physician will have more options to treat even more patients. So we are going to learn a lot here, about, what therapy for what patient but I think two therapy in Europe. And as you know, leading that space we are going learn a lot in the past sort of few years, and I'm sure, patient will benefit from that.
Robbie Marcus: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. Hey, Scott, year-to-date the TAVR growth is a little over 10% I believe in the midpoint of the guidance it's about 11.5%. So should we be thinking about the low end of the TAVR range of 10% to 13% for the year. And if not, what drives the acceleration implied in Q4 for TAVR? Then I had one follow up.
Scott Ullem: Well, I'd take you back to the beginning of the year when our guidance for the full year for both TAVR and Edwards was 9% to 12%. We increased it to ultimately 10% to 13% because of the first quarter and second quarter results. So we're coming in about where we thought we would for Q3 and Q4. The 10% to 13% guidance reflects the stronger than expected Q1 and Q2. In the fourth quarter, our guidance for the full company is about $10 million higher at the midpoint than our results in Q3. So we haven't broken out guidance by business unit, but you can expect that overall, we expect the fourth quarter that looks pretty similar to the third quarter. You're right, I think for the full year, we're probably going to end up about in the middle of the range that we, that we said 10% to 13%, but that doesn't mean that it's 10% to 13% for Q4 because, again, that higher range reflects the increase from the first quarter.
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you for that. And obviously, people are starting to think about '24 right now. So Bernard, at our conference you talked about targeting double digit annual revenue growth. Does that apply to 2024? And Scott you know '23 guidance implies margins are down year-over-year because of investments and currency. What are some of the puts and takes in the P&L you know, that we should be thinking about it. And any help on, on FX would be appreciated? Thank you.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Larry. Let me take you to the first part of your question here. So for, you know, 2024 guidance, you will get all of the details here in December at our investor event. And your question is about my confidence and our confidence as a company. Yes, we are confident as I said during the script, I think like we have an amazing opportunity in front of us with so many patients. All of our businesses are in solid position in global leadership position. So I am confident for the years to come for 2024, more to come in December, Larry.
Scott Ullem: And Larry, it's Scott. For the second part of your question about FX. We'll talk about more of the specifics at the investor conference. But if you take our exchange rate environment right now and apply it to 2024, it would be a headwind to sales, and also a headwind to EPS. So we'll be able to quantify that more specifically. And we'll see what happens to FX rates between now and then as well.
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Bernard, maybe a first one for you on this TAVR five year data that was presented. A lot of noise in the Street on the lines crossing for Edwards and your peer, the lines widening between TAVR and Control. Does that worry you at all just from Edwards' perspective when you look at the data. And I think you also mentioned [indiscernible] definition for durability. Is that something that your peer also use the same definition or are there some differences here and how durability was defined in these two trials?
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Vijay. Let me start high level, I believe last night, investor event was, very insightful with Dr. Leon and Dr. Mark. They went very deep into the data. They went very deep into the meaning, the meaning of the data and the trial design. At the end of the day, you know, for me, it is I like to keep it very simple. 90% survival at five years. That's amazing for patients that's in my mind, what we should remember, but I'm going to ask Larry to comment and with a greater detail here.
Larry Wood: Yeah. Thanks, Bernard. Yeah. This whole thing about the curves continuing to diverge, just isn't really accurate. I think we had a little bit of a catch up. But if you notice from the New England Journal Medicine manuscript, we are impacted somewhat by the patients that withdrew on the surgical side disproportionately. And when we did the phone sweep, the absolute difference that we're showing at five years is about 1%. When you go into the causes of death, you look at cardiovascular mortality, they're about the same. We had, I think, double the rate of cancer. We had 3 times as much COVID death in the TAVR group, as we had in the surgical group. And I think higher rates of sepsis, which were all adjudicated to be not TAVR related. And I don't think anybody is suggesting that TAVR causes cancer or COVID. So when you get into the depths of the data, I mean, we feel great about the data. What's amazing about this data set is that both groups performed incredibly well. And given the prominence of Edwards surgical valves, and then obviously our TAVR cohort, we're looking at both groups that have over 90% survival at five years. And the other thing that people have been worried about with TAVR was durability. And you're right, we did use the bark definitions for durability, which remember, isn't what -- with surgery is historically used. Surgery historically is used, freedom from X plant due to structural valve deterioration, not echo derived criteria. And so, part of what drives the New England Journal of Medicine publication is we used all the contemporary standards, all the contemporary things. So, I don't want to comment on other people's data. You can ask them about their data and what methodologies they use. But I'm very comfortable we applied the highest academic standard STAAR study. And again, we feel great about the data. And I think there's just a little bit of an oddity here that, that people are discussing that somehow TAVR has to be better than the surgery. If we have two procedures, TAVR and surgery, and we can go to patients and say, your results are identical at five years. Then that's going to automatically default people to the less invasive therapy. And now, we need to continue to follow these patients. We need to follow them all the way up to 10 years. But for a pretty significant interim look at the data at five years, I don't think we could be any happier about the data than we are.
Bernard Zovighian: And in addition, Vijay, if you think about what we have been seeing all along about the underdiagnosis and undertreatment of this patient. Now you look at this PARTNER 3 five years, we hope -- we certainly hope, that we're referring network of cardiologists will send more patients because they have options, safe options, effective options. So we feel good about all of this
Larry Wood: Yeah. I mean, I'll just add. I think this was a great day. Great meeting for the field in general. If you have patients on the sidelines, who say I'm just -- I just don't want to have open heart surgery, I'm too scared of open heart surgery. But they're being told, TAVR doesn't really have any data behind it and it's still early. If you look at both datasets that were presented, there is absolutely no durability signal at five years or four years, depending on which study you're looking at. And I think that's to just give the referral community tremendous confidence that they can patients for this procedure and they're going to get a durable outcome.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful guys. And Bernard, just one more for you. There were some headlines on investigation in Europe. Any financial implications here, it's just the headlines looked a little, little odd. And I know it's a silly question but I have to ask. Is there any GLP-1 exposure to TAVR or TAVR patients related to based in GLP-1s. Thank you.
Bernard Zovighian: No, thanks. In Europe, no, there is, no financial exposure. We had a brief statement on that. So no expectation here. With regards to GLP-1 exposure to TAVR, we don't think so. We have not seen any evidence that, losing weight has any impact to aortic stenosis disease. We don't, we don't know that, we don't see that. We don't -- we have not seen any evidence. So we don't see any, any possible implication here. Larry, anything to add?
Larry Wood: No, I totally agree. I think, as it relates to just general things, obviously people losing weight is a good thing, but we've never seen anything related to even, even coronary disease, but a lot of these things are genetically derived and genetically driven, and I don't think your weight is going to be the determinant of those things. So I don't really see any impact of this.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings with TD Cowen. Please state your question.
Joshua Jennings: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to just ask first on the tricuspid repair and replacement segment, and just get your views on patient reported outcomes, driving approvals and then potentially reimbursement decisions, positive reimbursement decisions. Are patient reported outcomes or quality of life improvements enough to clear the, those two hurdles?
Bernard Zovighian: So let me start, and then I'm sure, Daveen can add his thoughts. It is a good start. We have seen TRILUMINATE so far, correct? And we believe, TRILUMINATE was a good study, good outcome for patients, safe with great quality of life improvement for its patient, who have a miserable life. We need to remember that. With EVOQUE, we are going to talk about it tomorrow. So it is tough for me to talk about it today. We might talk about it more, at the end of the day tomorrow, at our investor conference. But at the end of the day, quality of life improvements are important. Solid safety profile also is important. And all of that, we see that as a great, start for this patient who have no other options today. Daveen, you want to add anything?
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. I mean I think we continue to see out of our European experience where we do have PASCAL tricuspid approved, that we can, see these great outcomes where the technology is really making a difference in patients' lives. It's taking patients that ultimately can't do the things they want to do in their day to day. They feel really down. They have trouble breathing, and it really just helps them live the life that they want to lead. And so for us to see now in this randomized trial that's been presented with TRILUMINATE, to see high quality data, where that you can treat tricuspid regurgitation in a randomized trial, get safe results and have significant TEER reduction with meaningful quality of life. Wow, I mean that's just fantastic for patients. It's something we love. And ultimately down to the community and the regulators are going to keep looking at the benefit and risk trade-off to make the decisions that they need to make. But we continue to be super excited by what these therapies are doing for tricuspid patients.
Bernard Zovighian: What we -- in addition of what Daveen said, what we like about where we are today is, in the past, few years, it was only about TEER, it was only about repair. So physicians didn't have a lot of options. And what we are doing is now progressing with our vision to being able to offer to physician a toolbox. So they can decide, what therapy for what patient, for what anatomy. And so that's still a big progress to where we were in a few years ago, even in a few months ago. So a great progress here, and I see more to come.
Joshua Jennings: No. Thanks for that. Just one follow-up on just the U.S. sales strategy and having two separate teams for TAVR and for the TMTT franchise. Just wanted to hear about how that's going. And I guess the concern is just are you missing any cross-selling synergies that you could potentially garner from the TAVR sales reps and their deep relationships with some of these interventional cardiologists? Thanks for taking the question.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you. So what about, I ask Larry, who's leading that to every day to comment on this.
Larry Wood: Yeah. Its funny when we launched TAVR in the U.S., if you remember, half of our procedures were transapical. And people were like, hey, you already have a selling organization that's selling to surgeons, why are you developing this whole new sales organization, you can get a lot of synergy. But it's really all about providing that high-touch model and that level of expertise, and we built out a completely separate sales force for THV, and I don't think there's a day we looked back on that and think that, that was a bad decision. I think we feel that, that was the right decision for the therapy. Mitral patients are different than aortic patients. And, if you ask your clinical specialists and your salespeople to try to be experts in 10 therapies, they're going to be generalists and all of them not experts. And I think one of the reasons we've had the success we've had in TAVR is, when, I think our average field clinical specialist supports about 1,200 cases a year. And so you bring that level of expertise to every case and we really drive differentiated outcomes for patients, which I think what's driven the therapy and what's driven our leadership. And we like that model a lot. We think it's been hugely successful. Just because our teams sit in different organizations doesn't mean they don't talk. And Daveen and I talk a lot. I have surgical structural heart now, but I talked to Wayne, our General Manager of that, all the time. We look for where there are opportunities for us to work together. But at the same time, we want to make sure we have focus on these new therapies, and we bring the highest level of expertise possible so we drive the best outcomes for patients possible because we believe that is what's going to drive long-term, the success of our franchises.
Daveen Chopra: I'll add one thing on that. This is Daveen. Even here at TCT, as I talk to physicians, the one thing I consistently hear from physicians is, they so appreciate our comprehensive high-touch model. They love that they're Edwards person who is so deep in the mitral tricuspid space, and that's all they breathe, live and really think about. And so they can offer the best possible advice to the physician, the best possible collaboration to ensure the best possible patient result. And I just love seeing that this week as I talk to physicians.
Joshua Jennings: That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Travis Steed: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just to clarify one clarification, when I add your Q4 guide of $0.60 to $0.66, I'm getting to a full year of $2.47 to $2.53, which is different than your full year guidance. So I don't know if there was a restatement or just wondering maybe my math is off, just wanted to clarify that if you don't mind.
Scott Ullem: So your math is spot-on at the midpoint of the range that's exactly what it implies. And so, take the midpoint, it ends up at the lower end of that $2.50 to $2.60 range, but still within the range.
Travis Steed: Okay. Got it. And then, the comment on U.S. and OUS growth rates being comparable. Is that referring to constant currency reported? It looks like OUS is a little bit lighter this quarter, and just wanted to make sure I understood everything going on OUS and some of the Japan comments and what's going on in Japan.
Scott Ullem: All the growth rates we've talked about were underlying constant currency growth rates.
Travis Steed: Okay. That's fair. And then my last question was on 2024 I know you're not going to talk a lot about 2024, but curious if you think you can still hold share stable with new competition coming in or if you think it's fair to assume, something less than the market growth rates in, in 2024.
Scott Ullem: Yeah. It's Scott, let's hold-off on that question about share and the environment, new product introductions and all kind of stuff. There's a lot that we expect to happen in 2024. And we'll look forward to getting into all of those details and forecasts when we get together at our investor conference in December.
Travis Steed: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. Please state your question.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking the questions. Two of them. I know you don't want to talk about 2024, but last year, you did a great job of with helping to understand the impact of FX on gross margins. And it sounds like you're going to have that FX headwind next year. Can you sort of level set us for how to think about gross margins next year?
Scott Ullem: Yeah, I hate to do this to you, Joanne. But again, we're going to have to hold off until we get to December. Really, all we can say right now is that, we think we're going to see some pressure on the top line reported sales dollars won't impact our underlying growth rates. And the reported sales dollars headwind is going to flow right down to earnings per share. Now again, that's not current foreign exchange rate. So when we get to December and we lay out our full year guidance for 2024, and we'll go through all the lines of the P&L and take you through all the details. But at this point we really can't tell you more.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. My follow-up question, which is completely unrelated, if you did have another quarter of double-digit surgical valve revenue. And I'm curious what's helping to drive that and how much of it is maybe an upcharge from RESILIA versus underlying demand? Thank you.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So let me start here, so 11% obviously, we are very pleased, I don't know if you remember, but a few years ago, nobody believed in surgical and we believe in surgical because we have been a pioneer here. We have been a great innovator and our innovation is paying off. What we see in Q3 again, like in 2023, we see a balanced combination between adoption of our RESILIA platform, premium pricing, and also the procedural growth. So altogether, but it is very balanced between procedure growth and our premium technology.
Daveen Chopra: Yeah, I'll just add. It's, we'll try to bring this to life a little bit at the investor conference is, I almost feel like when we have a good surgical quarter that you guys get mad at us because you think it comes at the expense of TAVR. And I'll tell you as the guy that runs both those business units, that gets really frustrating after a while, and my new GM is really mad about it. So as -- but what you have to understand is our surgical business isn't 100% aortic stenosis. Our surgical business treats aortic, we treat mitral. And even in the aortic space, we don't just treat aortic stenosis, we treat aortic regurgitation. We have products like KONECT, where we're treating aortic aneurysm disease. We have repair products, replacement products. So there's just a lot more that goes into that business than aortic stenosis. So thinking that the zero sum game between the two businesses just isn't the right way to think about it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Barclays. Please state your question.
Matt Miksic: Hey, thanks. Thanks for taking the questions. So one, if I could on -- sometimes Scott and Bernard, you're able to offer some color as to what, how the different types of centers in the U.S. have been performing. You mentioned staffing stable. Any color as to, which large, small or size centers were additive to growth in what ways? And then I have one follow up.
Bernard Zovighian: Yeah, maybe, I'm going to ask Larry to comment on that with.
Larry Wood: Yeah. We look at this every quarter, and I will just tell you just even internally amongst us. We sort of see the growth rates by segment, and then we sort of make up the reasons for why we think they're different a little bit. I will tell you, during COVID, we saw trends that said when COVID spiked, people tended to stay a little bit closer to home, and we saw maybe some of our smaller centers grow more and, and larger centers would grow less. And then as COVID wane we'd, we'd see larger centers kind of return to higher growth. I think this quarter, we probably saw a little bit more growth in the higher -- in the bigger centers than the smaller centers. But really, I think it's getting a little bit negligible over kind of returning to a little bit of a sense of normalcy as it relates to growth across center size.
Matt Miksic: That's helpful. Thank you for that. And then, and then just one follow-up on just maybe a segment of the market that's, like, got to be getting bigger, I guess at this point. But looking forward being the only valve on the market with a valve-in-valve indication. How big is that now and how important is that? We talk a little bit about the expanding indications into, not asymptomatic and moderate AS patients over the intermediate long-term. But, does valve-in-valve become a factor that you can talk more about or maybe help us understand how that factors into your growth or the general growth in the market at this point?
Larry Wood: Yeah. I think -- it's a good question. I think valve-in-valve isn't, isn't a huge part of our offering right now. It's not a big driver for us. We do TAVR and SAVR, so TAVR in failed bioprological surgical valves. And as TAVR came online, we saw more and more biological valve usage in younger patients because they knew they would have this TAVR option down the road. So we think that, that's going to be, as these patients live longer, obviously, our surgical valves are very durable, but that was a whole basis for INSPIRIS, was creating a valve that would be a great platform for their TAVR procedure down the road, and that's the whole basis for it, and we think that will pay dividends later. As we just got the low risk approval, it's still fairly new for us. It's not something that's been around for, forever. But the more and more patients that are younger that are getting TAVR, eventually, those patients will come back and need a second procedure. And so for us, having a tab and tab option, it just feeds directly into our lifetime management strategy, which is putting in a first valve and ensuring that you have a strategy for that next intervention. And that's true, whether it's in INSPIRIS as your first valve or whether it's a SAPIEN 3 as your first valve, we want to make sure we have an option for that patient when they come back. And that's what's great about both of our surgical and TAVR platforms is they're both really a great host for that future valves. And we do think, as you advance down the road, the tab and tab will become a bigger contributor to our growth over time.
Matt Miksic: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with UBS. Please state your question.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey. Good afternoon guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I was just wondering if I could follow-up actually on the data, the five year data, we saw yesterday. And Larry, if there's any read that we can make or something that could -- that we saw in the data that could give us more confidence in the upcoming asymptomatic data readout or is that just too difficult to take anything from yesterday and apply it to that trial?
Larry Wood: Yeah. I appreciate everybody's trying to get an early read on early TAVR. And I don't think there's -- I don't think there's anything that's really --from this data that I  and I haven't even, we haven't even broke apart the early TAVR data. So I don't even know anything about the data set yet to even talk about and even if I did, I couldn't tell you. I think the, just broadly speaking, the fact that we show excellent durability out at five years with no durability signal whatsoever. SVA asymptomatic trial was successful, which you know, we obviously hope it is. But if that trial is successful, it just takes one more burden away from people saying, do I want to treat people earlier in the disease state. And I think the more durability data we can put on the board will help make that if that trial was successful and we do get the indication that, that will be one barrier that's removed. So I think the long-term data continuing to build on the durability and safety and long-term results of the platform, just continue to be important, and it's going to be important long-term for the progress trial. If you're going to treat people with moderate disease down the road, you need to make sure you have a durable platform and that it has options, down the road for these patients. So I think it all is complementary, but I don't think anything about this trial informs the early TAVR results.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay. Got it. And then just a quick question on. Bernard, you mentioned there's still a lot of these patients untreated out there. I mean, as far as Edwards' progress on getting those patients off the couch into their physician's office diagnosed and referred for TAVR. I mean, where are we in that process? You guys spent a lot of time at the Analyst Day last December, I imagine we'll get an update too in December, in a few week here. But just curious what you can say about, are you seeing any real traction in some of the direct-to-consumer campaigns, things like that. Thanks so much.
Bernard Zovighian: Well, thanks for the question. We see that this initiative as super and important to us. We have a right platform. We have a right science so how can we get you know more patients. And we have done in the last, I want to say years, maybe you know three to four years, a lot of initiatives, a lot of pilots, we learned a lot. This year, we scale some of the initiatives. And so we are going to talk more about it in December. Larry and his team are going to talk about it. But we feel like -- we have some interesting learning, and we believe that, we are starting to see some impact also. So we feel excited about the potential of that. It is why, when we see, we believe the future is even more exciting. It is because of this reason. In addition, obviously, asymptomatic and moderate indication will add to all of this. But Larry, do you want to add anything?
Larry Wood: Sure. I think it's one thing that I think people are missing a little bit is, it's not like we just started doing patient activation stuff last year or in the last two years. I mean we go all the way back to starting a website with a lot of educational information for patients, even things like how to find a TAVR center and questionnaires and patient information kits. So we've been doing a lot of things over the last several years, and I think, is one of the reasons the market has grown and developed the way it has. So I think a lot of our digital and patient activation efforts are still -- are paying dividends right now. Now, the deeper you go into the prevalence pool, the harder it gets and the more activation you have to do. So it's sort of a -- it's not a light switch. It's a never-ending journey that you're going to do to continue to build on the last program with additional programs to try to get people activated. And I'll tell you, we have a lot of work streams, and we're looking forward to maybe get into a little bit more detail at the investor conference and trying to show you a little bit about other things that we're working on. But we have a number of pilots and we have a lot of very mature programs at the same time that we think help us a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Pito Chickering: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Pre-script you mentioned that the TAVR market share is stable. If you look at competitive accounts with hospitals or doctors, that use both SAPIEN and CoreValve? Are you seeing any market changes in those accounts where RESILIA is competing against FX?
Daveen Chopra: Yeah. I think market share has been pretty stable. I don't think we've seen big shifts or big changes. We're very excited about RESILIA and I think, I think it does get people increased confidence in, going into younger lower risk patients. So, we feel good about that, but maybe we can try to update that a little bit more at the investor conference, but again, I think overall, I think share has been, been generally pretty stable.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Great. And then a quick follow up for TAVR, I think you said procedure growth was the same as revenue growth. But was there any benefit from positive pricing from RESILIA, I thought that would help to drive revenue growth above the volume growth? Thanks so much.
Daveen Chopra: There was a little benefit, it wasn't the, the big driver of our growth.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that's all the-time we have for questions today. I'll hand the floor back to management for closing remarks.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you. So let me close this meeting by saying, I am pleased with our performance in 2023. Beyond the numbers, I am excited with the progress we have made, reinforcing our TAVR leadership position with new clinical evidence, and expanding our mitral and tricuspid patient reach with new approved technologies. As a result, we are confident in our long-term strategy to help even more patients around the world. Thanks for your continued trust in Edwards. The IR team, Scott and I welcome any additional questions, any additional questions by phone. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And with that we conclude today's conference call. All parties may disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Second Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Diego. Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. With me on today's call is our Chief Executive Officer, Bernard Zovighian, along with our Chief Financial Officer, Scott Ullem. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are Larry Wood, our Group President of TAVR and Surgical Structural Heart; and Daveen Chopra, our Global Leader of TMTT. Katie Szyman, our Global Leader of Critical Care is out of town today, but she'll be with us on future earnings calls. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released second quarter 2023 financial results. During today's call, Management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that Management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters, and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release, our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K, and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the Company's website at edwards.com. Finally, a quick reminder, that when using terms constant-currency and adjusted, Management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call are available in today's press release. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Bernard for his comments. Bernard?
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, Mark, and hello, everyone. I am pleased to share with you the work that our team did to help more patients than even before with our life-saving therapies. Today, I'm going to talk about the strong second quarter performance across product groups, our progress in advancing our patient-focused innovation strategy, and our confidence in the outlook for Edwards in the years ahead. In the second quarter, we achieved double-digit sales growth, driven by increased adoption of our innovative therapies. Total sales of $1.53 billion grew 12% on a constant currency basis, slightly higher than our expectation. We experienced broad-based growth across all of Edwards portfolio. Given improving healthcare staffing and our first half performance, we continue to expect strong results in 2023. As a result, we have lifted our full year 2023 sales and EPS guidance. Longer-term, we are confident in our focused and differentiated strategy given heart valve failure is largely underdiagnosed and undertreated. We remain committed to increasing our wellness and providing innovative life-saving therapies so even more patients can benefit. Now, I will provide an overview of the second quarter sales performance by product group. In TAVR, we continue to see strong demand for our leading SAPIEN platform with sales of $992 million, up 10% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Our U.S. and OUS sales growth rate were comparable. Local selling prices were stable. In the U.S., our second quarter TAVR sales were aided by improved hospital staffing levels, and the continued successful launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA. We estimate that total procedure growth was in-line with our sales growth. Additionally, we will be restarting enrollment this quarter in our pivotal trial, ALLIANCE, designed to study of next-generation TAVR technology, SAPIEN X4. Outside of the U.S., we had positive constant currency sales growth from all regions. In Europe, Edwards' sales growth were driven by broad-based adoption of our SAPIEN platform. Our sales in Japan grew sequentially and year-over-year on a constant currency basis, although our results continued to be impacted by lower-than-expected market growth and competitive trialing in the first half of this year. As a result, we estimate overall OUS TAVR procedure growth in Q2 was slightly higher than Edwards' OUS TAVR growth. During the quarter, at the EuroPCR medical congress, data on the Benchmark study were presented on 2,400 patients treated with SAPIEN valves across 28 European centers. It was very encouraging to note that patients experienced a 33% reduction in the median hospital length of stay while maintaining 30-day clinical outcomes. This study showed that by implementing best practices with the SAPIEN platform, centers can be more efficient, without compromising patient outcomes. Turning to TMTT. We remain focused on three key value drivers to unlock this opportunity: a portfolio of differentiated therapies, positive clinical trial results to support approvals and adoption, and favorable real-world clinical outcome. TMTT second quarter global sales of $48 million increased nearly 17% on a constant currency basis versus the prior year. Growth was driven by continued strong overall procedure volumes, adoption of our differentiated PASCAL Precision platform, and activation of more centers across the U.S. and Europe. We continue to hire, train, and grow the field team to deliver on our high-touch model, as we expand. In mitral, enrollment is going -- is ongoing in the Class IIF pivotal trial for functional mitral patients. We are also pleased with the enrollment in the ENCIRCLE pivotal trial for the SAPIEN M3 mitral valve replacement and remain on track to complete enrollment around the end of this year. In tricuspid, the Class IITR pivotal trial with PASCAL continues enrolling well. With the completion of TRISCEND II enrollment, continued access for EVOQUE allows U.S. centers to continue to offer this therapy for tricuspid patients. We remain on track for a European approval by the end of 2023 and U.S. approval around the end of 2024. In Surgical, second quarter sales of $256 million increased 13% on a constant currency basis, driven by the adoption of our premium RESILIA products across all regions. Physicians and patients value the feature and benefit of this advanced tissue technology for both aortic and mitral surgical valve procedures. Patient enrollment continued in the second quarter for our MOMENTIS clinical study designed to demonstrate the durability of the RESILIA tissue in the mitral position. We expect that confidence from our -- from the recently presented seven-year data of our upcoming clinical trial will continue to support adoption of our RESILIA family of products. In Critical Care, second quarter sales of, $235 million, increased 13% on a constant currency basis, driven by contributions from all product lines. Growth was led by our Smart Recovery portfolio and healthy adoption of our Acumen IQ sensor. Sales momentum for our HemoSphere monitoring platform was also positive in the second quarter with a healthy pipeline of future opportunities. Before I turn it over to Scott, I also want to mention our expectation for the upcoming TCT Conference in October. During the conference, we expect several important presentations regarding our transcatheter technologies. In TAVR, we are expecting a presentation of five-year clinical data from the PARTNER 3 low-risk pivotal trial. In TMTT, we anticipate the presentation of a one-year full cohort of the CLASP IID pivotal trial results. Additionally, we anticipate the presentation of the planned interim analysis of the TRISCEND II randomized cohort. I look forward to seeing many of you at the Investor Event we plan to host at TCT. Our Investor Relation team will communicate details as we get closer to the event. And now, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Great. Hi, thanks a lot, Bernard. We are pleased with our sales performance in the first half of the year, posting our second consecutive quarter of double-digit constant currency growth. All product groups grew double-digits and sales were balanced across regions, with the exception of Japan, which was impacted by the trialing of competitive TAVR products. We achieved total sales in the quarter of $1.53 billion, which represents 12% year-over-year constant currency growth. We achieved adjusted earnings per share of $0.66. Contribution from our better-than-expected sales performance was partially offset by higher performance-based compensation and investments in our transcatheter operations in support of our growth strategy. Our GAAP earnings per share of $0.50 was impacted by the intellectual property agreement I commented on last quarter. We previously had a long-term Intellectual Property Agreement with Medtronic that expired last year and in consideration for the new agreement, we paid $300 million, approximately half of which has been expensed, and the other half will be amortized over the next 15 years. A reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share for these and other items is included with today's release. I'll now cover some additional details of our second quarter sales results and full year 2023 outlook by product group. A continuation of double-digit global TAVR growth reflected a more stable hospital staffing environment, as well as strong adoption of the SAPIEN family of valves. U.S. TAVR sales growth was driven by the launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA, which remains on track to represent the majority of our U.S. TAVR sales before year-end. In Europe, Edwards' sales growth was driven by the continued demand of our SAPIEN platform and was broad-based by country. We still see some health system capacity challenges, but are encouraged that centers are adapting to continue to treat their patients. In Japan, although growth was below our expectations in Q2, we anticipate that growth rates will improve, driven by the ongoing launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA. For global TAVR sales, we are adjusting the low-end of our outlook slightly higher to $3.85 billion to $4.0 billion. We now expect full year TAVR growth to be 10% to 13% on a constant currency basis versus previous guidance of 10% to 12%. TMTT growth in the second quarter was driven by strong procedure volumes, adoption of our differentiated PASCAL Precision platform, and activation of more centers across the U.S. and Europe. Overall, we're pleased with our continued progress toward bringing a portfolio of TMTT therapies, combined with contemporary clinical data, in order to achieve our vision of transforming the lives of patients with mitral and tricuspid valve disease. We now expect full year 2023 sales of $180 million to $200 million versus our previous expectation of $170 million to $200 million. In Surgical Structural Heart, 13% constant currency sales growth in the quarter was driven by the adoption of Edwards' premium products as well as strength in valve surgery procedures as hospital staffing levels have continued to improve. Based on positive year-to-date performance, we now expect that our full year sales will be in the range of $960 million to $1.02 billion versus previous guidance of $870 million to $970 million. This revised range implies low double-digit constant currency growth in 2023. Finally, turning to Critical Care. We continue to expect full year 2023 sales of $870 million to $940 million. For total Edwards, based on the strong first half of the year, we now forecast full year 2023 sales to be in the range of $5.9 billion to $6.1 billion versus prior guidance of the high-end of $5.6 billion to $6.0 billion. We now expect full year total Company sales growth to be in the 10% to 13% range on a constant currency basis versus previous guidance of 10% to 12%. Lastly, we now expect our full year adjusted earnings per share to be between $2.50 and $2.60. We are projecting third quarter sales to be between $1.44 billion and $1.52 billion. We are also projecting third quarter adjusted EPS of $0.55 to $0.61. I'll now cover additional details of our P&L. For the second quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 77.7% as expected, compared to 80.5% in the same period last year. This reduction was driven by a less favorable impact from foreign exchange. We continue to expect our full year 2023 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 78%. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the quarter were $469 million or 30.6% of sales compared to $409 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by performance-based compensation and investments in transcatheter field-based personnel in support of our growth strategy. We continue to expect full year 2023 SG&A as a percent of sales to be 29% to 30% as we invest in field-based personnel and our therapy adoption initiatives. Research and development expenses in the second quarter grew 8% over the prior year to $270 million or 17.7% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter aortic valve innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. For the full year 2023, we continue to expect R&D to be 17% to 18% of sales, as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence to support TAVR and TMTT. During the second quarter, we recorded a $27 million reduction in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities, which benefited earnings per share by $0.04. This benefit was excluded from our adjusted earnings per share of $0.66. This reflects an adjustment of assumptions regarding potential milestone payments for a previous acquisition. Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 9.7% or 13.1% excluding the impact of special items. Our rate benefited from higher R&D tax credits and a 200 basis point excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be 13% to 17%. Foreign exchange rates decreased second quarter reported sales growth by 70 basis points or $8 million compared to 2022. At current rates, we continue to expect an approximately flat year-over-year impact to full year 2023 sales compared to 2022. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted our second quarter gross profit margin by 220 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our April guidance, FX rates had a minimal impact on second quarter earnings per share. Adjusted free cash flow for the second quarter was $286 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $34 million, less capital spending of $48 million, and excluding a $300 million payment related to the Medtronic Intellectual Property Agreement I mentioned earlier. We continue to expect full year 2023 adjusted free cash flow will be between $1.0 billion and $1.4 billion. Before turning the call back over to Bernard, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet and share repurchase activities. We continue to maintain a solid and flexible balance sheet with approximately $1.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments as of June 30th. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2023 to be between 610 million and 615 million. We have approximately $650 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. And with that, I'll hand it back over to you, Bernard.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Scott. So, based on our strong first half result, we have increased confidence that 2023 will be an important year for Edwards and we expect to deliver 10% to 15% sales growth while making meaningful progress on our innovations to improve care for many more patients. Longer-term, I have great confidence in our team to further extend our leadership position by bringing our differentiated technologies to patients globally. In closing, we are well positioned for success. With that, I'll pass it back to Mark to open up Q&A.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks a lot, Bernard. With that, we're ready to take questions now. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one, plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and Management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Operator, please go ahead with additional details on accessing the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Robbie Marcus: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on a nice quarter. Maybe to start, global TAVR growth around 10%, a little weak in Japan. Where do you think we are in the recovery process in terms of stabilizing the system, stabilizing timelines, and staffing in the system? And when do you think we'll get to a new normal in TAVR procedures and diagnosis and treatment?
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. Robbie, this is Bernard here. Thank you for the question. We are pleased with our global TAVR result in Q2. 10% constant currency growth, comparable U.S., OUS, basically, and it has been driven by continued strong demand for our leading SAPIEN platform. Also, what we have experienced is that improvement in the hospital staffing level in the U.S. and globally, but I'm going to let Larry add some comments here.
Larry Wood: Hi, Robbie. Yes, it's what - deciding what the new normal is probably a little bit tricky, but I feel like the system has continued to get better. I think when we track staffing, we're not where we should be and we're not where we would have projected to be in absence of the pandemic. But I think patients are certainly coming in and they're getting their visits, and I think when we look at some of the leading indicators, we - diagnosis are up and patients are moving through the system. We still feel constrained somewhat at the Cath Lab level. That's still a place that we still struggle. And I think centers have made tremendous strides, but it's still an adjustment coming out of COVID and we're not back to what I call pre-COVID normal levels. And so, I think we still have a little ways to go. But to consider the - and I think we see that a little bit globally. It varies a lot across Europe and we see it a little bit in Japan, depending on - I think there are still dealing with a little bit more COVID here and there. But I think the encouraging thing is, we're at 10% globally and we know we haven't fully recovered yet. So, I think there's still some opportunity for us to continue to do better and we know the under-treatment remains huge and we still think there's a lot of opportunities to continue to grow this over the long-term.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for that. And maybe just kind of a similar question. TMTT, you beat in the quarter. That seems like it was even a bit more imperative over the past few years than the whole TAVR complex. Maybe just talk about mitral and tricuspid, particularly the launch of PASCAL in the U.S., how you think adoption is going versus plan, how you're seeing the competitive situation play out, and just your thoughts in TMTT in general relative to TAVR normalization. Thanks a lot.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So, let me start, Robbie, and then I will ask Daveen to add some comments here. So, we are pleased about Q2, as you see globally. What we are seeing is that the market, the mitral market has done well in Q2, is back to growing and almost a double-digit, something like that. The adoption of PASCAL Precision is going very well. It's going very well in U.S., it's going very well in Europe and we are activating more centers across U.S. and Europe. So, obviously, the way to think about it, we had some great momentum from the market from PASCAL Precision and for us activating more centers. But Daveen, you want to add anything here?
Daveen Chopra: Yes, definitely. Thanks, Bernard. I think as Larry and Bernard talked about, in the market, we continue to see recovery from the staffing portion of it and I think you're right that maybe we got hit a little bit more on the staffing side during COVID. But coming out, we're also still seeing recovery, but I still think there is opportunity to keep getting better on that component. With that being said, with such a large number of - such a large number of patients looking for new therapies, we continue to see relatively a strong market growth. That being said, as we dive into it, we continue to open up new centers in both the U.S. and Europe. Specifically in the U.S., I think we're continuing to hear great feedback from physicians about the differentiated features and benefits of the PASCAL system. We're ramping-up the team. We're opening up new centers each week. We're going through kind of the value-add value analysis committees in the contracting processes with each new center in the U.S. week-in and week-out. And we're really focused, as you can imagine, on the largest accounts in the U.S., not -- who do the most here so far. And so, I'm pretty excited about where we go in the U.S. Maybe just to comment, both on Europe, I think, as Bernard said, we've been again opening up new centers in Europe and I want to make a comment that, tricuspid especially in Europe, continued to see very strong growth. It's a newer therapy, smaller obviously in market size, but continue to see very strong growth, where we're seeing that the market is growing and that people are really seeing that PASCAL actually in this situation, the tricuspid space, is really got these differentiated features for atraumatic and tailored-treatment really for tricuspid tier. So, overall, we continue to be excited about where PASCAL is going in it's lunch.
Scott Ullem: Thank you. And then about the financial implications of everything that Bernard and Daveen just talked about, which is, we're feeling good about how TMTT is developing in 2023. And you saw our original guidance for sales was $160 million to $200 million. We've bumped up the bottom-end of the range by $10 million last quarter. We're bumping at another $10 million this quarter and it's an indication of how positive we feel about our progress this year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Taylor with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Matthew Taylor: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. So, I just wanted to ask one about the margins basically. So, you had nice gross margins here in Q2. I know you're making a lot of ongoing investments and so, two things I guess. What are kind of the key puts and takes to think about in terms of gross margins and OpEx landing through the second half of the year in terms of phasing or anything discrete to call out? And then just conceptually at a higher level, how should we think about operating margin progression over the course of the next couple of years, especially as you might have some of your bigger clinical study starting to wind down?
Scott Ullem: Yes, thanks for the questions. I'll start with gross margin. Gross margin, we're seeing some benefit of mix in 2023, but it's more than offset by the impact of foreign exchange, that actually hit us last year in 2022 and is flowing through our income statement in 2023. You asked about phasing. It's going to get more impactful negatively in Q3 and Q4, based upon current exchange rates. Now, if exchange rates change, that may change a little bit as well. But we're expecting gross margins to come down a little bit in Q3 and Q4 relative to the first half. All that said, we expect to end up right where we thought we would, in the range of gross margin guidance for 2023, so really nothing changed. In terms of operating expenses, you're right, we've been putting more investment into especially field based personnel in Europe, in U.S., and even outside, and that's weighing on operating expenses, but that's okay. It's part of a deliberate plan to really drive top-line growth by making sure that we've got the right people in the right places, supporting our clinician partners, and making sure that patients are getting the right kind of care, especially as we're introducing these new products in places like TMTT, and what Daveen talked about earlier. As it relates to operating margin progression over the next couple of years, we continue to see opportunities to expand our operating margin and we're looking for ways that we can do that. We've identified areas where we can make changes, and gradually incrementally expand our operating margin. But really it's a secondary focus. The primary focus is investing for long-term top-line growth. We have some clinical trials wind-down over the next couple of years, but we've got other ones spooling up. You know about what trials Larry is running in TAVR, and Daveen has gone in TMTT, and this is a super important area of investment for us, again to drive top-line sales by contributing to this really robust body of clinical evidence that we have supporting the growth in those two transcatheter businesses.
Matthew Taylor: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. Bernard, maybe my first one on the TAVR guidance here. I think the underlying was raised at the high-end at 13%. The first half TAVR underlying has been 10% to 11%. I'm curious, why the high-end was raised? Was there something within the quarter that you saw, some phasing or is there something coming in the back half, which gives you the confidence perhaps 13% is even possible?
Bernard Zovighian: Go ahead, you know, Scott.
Scott Ullem: Yes. Vijay, maybe I'll jump in here and give you a sense of how we see it. The change in guidance, the expansion on the top-end of the range, largely reflects better-than-expected performance in the second quarter and the first half results compared to what we originally expected back at the time of the Investor Conference. And so, because we over-achieved in the first half, we are introducing this higher top-end of the range to accommodate a potential faster growth scenario the way we saw earlier in the year. We're still modeling and planning around the midpoint of that 10% to 13% range, but that's the reason why we expanded the top-end.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And maybe one sort of related question here. First half, we've seen TAVR grow mid-teens, how much of that is volume versus price? Why are we still seeing SAVR outgrow TAVR - I think I heard Larry mention the macro-environment staffing is improving. I was just -- and that's - so it's hard for us to see SAVR outgrow TAVR. Is this a fundamental change in the market or perhaps new product introductions that's driving SAVR or some color on SAVR versus TAVR, would be helpful.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So, Vijay, let me start and then I will ask Larry to add his comment here. So, both, our SAVR and TAVR business are growing nicely. And you have SAVR growth has exceeded TAVR because of a combination of things. Market growth, SAVR market growth, but not only, premium pricing of our innovative, price premium technologies, and because of all of that, we saw a better competitive position. So, again in SAVR, what you have is a number of things happening. Wherein TAVR, it is mainly due to positive growth. Maybe Larry you want to add anything here.
Larry Wood: Yes. I think that's right. We sort of have the three components that help contribute. So you can look at the growth rates and turn it all into procedures because for the TAVR side it is overwhelmingly majority procedures, but it's more of a combination of things, on surgery. I will say, as we move through the COVID recovery though we probably saw hospitals prioritize their surgical programs probably most and I think that deal is a little bit with patient acuity and just the need to get those patients treated, probably a little bit sooner. So I think cath lab recovery has maybe lagged a little bit beyond the surgical recovery. But again, we're very happy with where we saw TAVR procedure growth. this last quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Yes, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question, two on the pipeline and the TCT updates on this call. Let me start with the TRISCEND II comments, it's big news here. Arguably, EVOQUE is your most important pipeline product, so I guess my question is, Bernard, just a couple here. One, is the trial stopped yet? Second, what would success look like to you, given the TRILUMINATE results showed only a quality-of-life benefit, but no positive trends on hard outcomes? And lastly on TRISCEND II, if positive, I would think approval could come in mid-'24, not late-'24, and I did have one follow-up.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Larry. I see that you are aggressive. That's good. Look, we are - yes, indeed we completed the enrollment of the full cohort of TRISCEND II. I think we have been sharing that already in the past. We need to wait - we need to wait one year follow-up and then putting together all of the data, presenting that to the FDA. So, this is going to take some time, so which is why we still believe that around 2024 approval in the U.S. is reasonable. Are we going to go faster, for sure, but I think end of 2024 is reasonable. Now, I'm sure, your question about how do I - how do we feel about steady results is in light of what we have seen with TRILUMINATE. It is tough to comment because TRILUMINATE was using one technology. TRISCEND II is using a different technology, different devices. We don't know very little about tricuspid disease. So, it's very tough to comment on that, but I have to say that quality-of-life is super important for patients. So, we will - but again, we will have to see what the result of this study and we are confident. Daveen, you want to add anything here?
Daveen Chopra: Also two small points, thanks for the question. If that - this interim analysis was a part of the statistical plan. So, that's already been planned out and was always a part to kind of show these results. So we're excited to share these results with the clinical community. And I'll make a comment that, for us, I'm actually pretty excited by what we've seen actually previously with TRILUMINATE. It helps really confirm outcomes that have come from other studies with Tier Technologies that we have on PASCAL device, that - that Tier in tricuspid delivers great Trikafta reduction with meaningful quality-of-life improvements and we are excited to see randomized data. So to me, these are all great positive tailwinds in tricuspid and we're excited to see what the TRISCEND II interim planned analysis will show.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. Just for my follow-up, the other one on the PARTNER 3 five-year data, what do you think physicians will be focused on here? There has been some concern among investors and clinicians, given the curves converging between TAVR and SAVR between year one and two in the two-year data. Is there anything you can say that could lay concerns? Thank you.
Larry Wood: Larry, I can't speak to the - to the data or what's going to be presented. I think what people are going to be looking at is, what the trial was powered for, and what it was designed to do. And we have a composite endpoint of death, or stroke, and rehospitalization and those are the three components. So, I think first and foremost, you look at the primary and then I think people are going to look at the sub-components of that and say what do they see happening in the trends in the trial. And I think, that's what people are going to be looking for. But we're excited that the data is coming forward, and the team is going to continue pulling it in and once it's all adjudicated, the clinicians will obviously take the steering wheel and they'll present the data. But, I think overall every time we have one of these data reports, it just adds to our body of knowledge and adds to the body of evidence and I think that's what we do for the clinical community. So, again, that's - I think primarily we focus on the primary endpoint, just like we did in the trial and we'll see where we are.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Travis Steed: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow-up on U.S. TAVR growth. I wanted to understand a little bit better. I think you said price was stable, but it sounds like RESILIA has gone past and expected, so I don't there's any way to kind of parse out that U.S., it sounds like 10% TAVR growth in the U.S., how much of that was actually price versus RESILIA in the quarter.
Larry Wood: Yes, thanks for your question. Yes, the price is a pretty small factor in the U.S. growth number. It's overwhelmingly driven by the procedure growth. When you look at what we're going for RESILIA, for S3 UR. We're still in the - I call it the - I wouldn't call it necessarily the early part, but we haven't even reached halfway in the launch of RESILIA yet. And while we did go for a list price increase of 1,500, if you look at that as a percent of the total device cost, it's a lot smaller than what we did on the surgical side of things. So it's certainly a contributor and it's a long-term contributor for us, but it's pretty small in comparison to the procedure growth. And remember, too, as people's volumes go up, they continue to hit rebate tiers and they get discounted accordingly. So you got to factor all that in as well.
Travis Steed: Great. That's helpful. And then I did have a follow-up on the raised TAVR guide for the full year. Is there anything you're seeing in July? Just curious like what's giving you the confidence to raise the full year guide? And when you think about Q3, should we think about this being down sequentially versus Q2 in dollars like it has been historically?
Scott Ullem: Yes. It's Scott. A couple of things. The increase in the guide was largely reflective of our stronger-than-expected first half performance and the prospect of potentially overachieving what we had modeled for the second half, although we're still modeling the midpoint of that range that we provided. As far as the July expectation, I guess we'll just leave it as the range that we put out for total company sales in the third quarter incorporates what we see so far month to-date. But we're not going to get into the month-to-month report. In terms of what the later in the year trend may look like, a lot of it depends upon seasonality. We get hit by the summer vacation season and not just in Europe but also in the U.S. And so we'll be able to talk more about that impact when we get to our third quarter call, both for looking back on the third quarter and what the run rate looks like going into Q4.
Operator: And your next question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen. Please state your question.
Josh Jennings: Just two TAVR questions. One, first, just on the Japan recovery. Can you just talk about or share any insights into [technical difficulty]
Operator: Excuse me, Josh, you're cutting out. Could you pick up your handset?
Josh Jennings: Sure. Can you hear me now?
Operator: Yes, much better. Thank you.
Josh Jennings: Sorry about that. Just 2 TAVR questions. First one, on the Japan recovery trajectory. Maybe just help us better understand any factors that are limiting the recovery in Japan and how you see that market shaping up in the back half of the year. And then the second question on - just on the PROGRESS trial. Any updates on the enrollment pace, I believe, first patient was enrolled in close to the end of 2021. So we've been about 1.5 years of enrollment and could that trial complete enrollment in 2023 or in 2024? Thanks for taking the questions.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you, Josh. So in Japan, what we have seen is a positive, like I said, sequential and also year-over-year growth in the quarter. It was below our expectation, but we believe it is transient for a couple of reasons. One, of the market, as you know, the market is still impacted from COVID and is still recovering from COVID. And also, we believe it is transient, because we are very pleased with the early feedback of the launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA in Japan. So, we feel like we grew year-over-year sequentially below our expectation, but we are confident that we are going to improve this in Japan. Maybe, Larry, you want to add anything here?
Larry Wood: Yes, I think that's right. I think Japan certainly got more impacted during COVID waves, I think, even than some other regions in the last year probably. And so as that stabilizes, we think that, that helps. And as Bernard said, we did see growth year-over-year and sequential. We just probably had higher expectations. And I think that's what's reflected in our comments. But we're optimistic in the back half of the year that we're going to continue to see recovery in Japan, and that's all factored into our guidance. On PROGRESS, we don't have any updates on enrollment right now. I will say, overall, we've been pleased with how that trial has gone. But probably investor conferences when we'll probably provide a more fulsome update on that and probably some more projections, we'll have a lot more information under our belt then that we can probably be a little more fulsome probably a little bit more accurate about our projections.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Nephron. Please state your question.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Scott, the 3Q EPS guidance is a little bit lower than the Street was modeling. It looks like operating margin is expected to contract by a couple of hundred basis points versus where you were in the first half and then bounce back in 4Q. Is there anything in particular about the third quarter that drives that margin dip?
Scott Ullem: Well, the only thing particularly about Q3 is we pick up the summer seasonality, which hits us on the top line. And generally, the expenses continue to go through and are not as seasonal. That's really what it reflects.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. And I know Cath is not on the call today, but just looking at the Critical Care guidance, that business has been running hot here double-digit growth first half of the year. It looks like guidance assumes a pretty meaningful decel in the back half. Is that just tougher comps or is there something in particular you're looking at there?
Bernard Zovighian: No, exactly. You got it. We had a great Q2 after a great Q1, very balanced across all product lines. And we didn't change the guidance even though we changed the guidance in the last quarter, but it is more about a tough year-over-year comparison in the second part of the year. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Barclays. Please state your question.
Matt Miksic: Hi, thanks so much for taking the question. So I wanted to follow-up on this very strong performances in SAVR and good, but not as strong performance in TAVR and as it pertains to staffing. And I know you talked about price a little and volumes. But can you talk a little bit about given that TAVR interventional TAVR resources that sort of grew up during the clinical trials of TAVR across the clinical community in U.S., Europe kind of lost many of those folks who are maybe more proficient and are - good news, replacing them with other folks. But bad news, maybe some of those folks are still coming up the curve. If you could talk about - is that more of an issue on the TAVR side? And because SAVR surgical interventions are a bit more mature, that's less of an issue on - you've heard that from some centers that are sort of - are more productive, more skilled, more mature on one side versus the other, which is kind of one of the factors. But it would be great to get some color and then I have 1 quick follow-up?
Larry Wood: Okay. Sure. Let me take a shot at that. So probably the biggest place we saw turnover on the TAVR side when things were about clinic coordinators. And I think we talked before about the number of valve clinic coordinators we train. And I think part of that is just a really demanding job. There's a lot that goes into that in terms of screening and moving people through the system. And so, I think there's a lot. So we see a little bit more turnover than that than certainly. And we don't really have the same level of work on the surgical side because on the TAVR side, remember, patients have to get a CT. They have to have a lot more work up. And not every patient gets the - most surgical patients, in fact, don't get a CT. And so, it's just easier to move surgical patients through the process because literally, if a patient comes in and they're deemed a candidate for surgery, they can move right to surgery within a matter of a few days or a week. Where for TAVR, they're going to have to be scheduled for a CT, you got to roll out coronary disease and there's just other things that you have to do. So, there are pressure in staffing in the system that would have impacted across the whole system, but there's just more systems to impact on the TAVR side. We didn't lose our operators. If not - those aren't the people we lost. We didn't lose our operators. We still have a lot of residents and a lot of people coming up through the system. So it's not so much the implanting positions as much as it is just general support staff.
Matt Miksic: Got it. That's helpful. And then just on - it's a question about some of the investments you've made and maybe group Bernard and rest of the team, the investments that we see coming through the clinical programs now like the EVOQUE and PASCAL or investments and innovations that you made some time ago. And I'm just wondering - are you at a stage where you've got what you need to address these TMTT markets and sort of more advanced other valvular disorders? Or are you still out there hunting for sort of better mousetraps or additional technology and IP that we should expect to kind of further flush out those programs going forward? Thanks.
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, Matt. This is a very good question. So think about our vision in TMTT. Our vision is there are so many patients in need, mitral and tricuspid. And we believe that to be able to unlock this very large market opportunity, we need a comprehensive portfolio. And we are building this comprehensive portfolio. So what you can expect is us investing in innovation, next-gen innovation. So PASCAL Gen 2, Gen 3, Gen 4, the same with EVOQUE, the same with mitral replacement. So this is on the technology side. Then we know from our experience in TAVR, it is - you need a technology with evidence. In TAVR, we - I don't know how many randomized clinical study we did 3, 4, 5 or even more potentially in the space, probably close to 10 between us and our competition. So here, we will have to think about the same way. So we are - in my mind, we are not done at all in TMTT clinical evidence, and we are not done in term of further innovating to be able to treat all of the patients, mitral and tricuspid patients. We like definitely our technology, we like so far, our clinical evidence that we are providing and more to come.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with UBS. Please state your question.
Danielle Antalffy: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks so much for taking the question. Bernard or maybe, Larry, just on TAVR, two questions there. Number one, one of the things everyone's sort of trying to figure out as we move through Q2, is it impacted backlog. I know the high acuity nature of the TAVR procedure are likely not much backlog, and I know you did benefit marginally in Q1. Just curious if you think you saw any of that work down in Q2? That's the first question. Second question is just over the last few quarters, you gave some color on high volume versus low-volume centers driving a lot of the growth. Just curious if you could give some color there, whether this is really broad-based across low and high-volume centers. Thanks so much.
Larry Wood: Yes. Thanks, Danielle. Yes, we think as the front end of the funnel starts to fill back up again with referrals and that I think there is a possibility that we are actually seeing a little bit of a backlog growth as we talk about the last mile still being probably the part that we see the most pressure on staffing. I wouldn't be able to quantify that and it's probably just sort of more of a directional thing. But the fact that we've seen the growth in TAVR for the first couple of quarters of this year, and we've been back into double digits and it's not like our centers are out beating the bushes for patients, we're pretty pleased with our patient flow right now. So I think that, that's obviously really positive. I think in terms of large centers, small centers, we saw a dynamic throughout COVID that when COVID would - with sort of the way it would come through that people - we tend to see the smaller centers growing faster indicating people maybe stayed a little bit more local. When COVID tends to go away, then people tend to go back to the centers, the large centers of excellence and they're willing to travel a little bit more. So I think we saw a little bit more growth in the large centers in this past quarter than we saw in the small centers, but that's something that has varied a lot quarter-by-quarter. But this last quarter would have been more in the large centers than the small ones.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Richard Newitter with Truist Securities. Please state your question.
Richard Newitter: Thanks for taking the questions. Two here. The first one, just on reconciling the raise to the high end of the TAVR range and your Japan commentary relative to expectations. Do you need Japan in a dynamic way to improve in the second half to hit the midpoint of your guidance? Or is that kind of what's embedded to get to the upper end? I'm just trying to reconcile those two pieces.
Scott Ullem: Yes. We're expecting Japan to perform better in Q3 and Q4, and that's a contributor to our assumption about the midpoint of the range. Now Japan does better than we're expecting, that could get us into the higher end of the range. And if it does worse, then a lower end of the range. All of that said, Japan is still a pretty small percentage of our overall sales in TAVR, but it's an important one, and it's an important growth driver for us longer term.
Richard Newitter: Okay. And then just secondly - thanks for that. Secondly, just as we think about - especially in the U.S. TAVR, if you're at about 10% now, you've got RESILIA pricing contributing some amount. So I guess if you're 10% with RESILIA, as we just think out, whether it's '24 or just on a normalized basis, should we be thinking of your view that the TAVR market has approached high single-digit volume growth sustainably as we think back to normalized levels. Is that the right way to think about it?
Larry Wood: I'll try to answer that, and Bernard or Scott can certainly jump in as well. No, we don't think we're seeing an overall slowing of growth in the TAVR space. We think we actually have a pretty long runway here. We think there's still a lot of untreated patients in the system, and we continue to try to get through that. And as I said earlier, I still feel like we're somewhat constrained within the system for staffing and we still put double-digit growth on the board in the first two quarters. So I feel like there's still a long-term opportunity, and we haven't even begun to talk about the long-term impact of things like early TAVR and things like progress trial that obviously go out much further. So I think - try to think that this is going to go the way of population growth anytime soon. That's just not how we see it.
Scott Ullem: I'd just add to that, Larry, just to reinforce that, our confidence in a $10 billion total addressable market hasn't changed one bit in 2028. And so while COVID interrupted our trajectory to that larger TAM, we still feel a lot of confidence that we've got big growth ahead of us, not just in with current indications in our current product portfolio but added to that, our new technologies and broader indications in the U.S., Europe and beyond.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Pito Chickering: Hi. Good afternoon. So two quick questions here. For the U.S. markets, are there - is there any geographical spread for these large centers that are growing in markets that were still coming out of COVID versus the ones in the south that were faster coming out of COVID? Or was it broad-based geographically?
Larry Wood: Yes. When we were in the middle of COVID, we saw a lot of variation in the country based on where COVID was at any given point and because there was a lot of variation in health care policy for various different states in terms of how they reacted. So we saw a lot of different variations. I would say most of those restrictions have sort of dissipated now. And I don't - we're not seeing anywhere near that high variability from state to state or region to region that we used to see, and that's certainly true in the U.S. In Europe, we do see a little bit of regional impact a little bit more, where one regional enrolling faster than another region. But it's not anywhere near the exchange that we saw during COVID, where we saw huge swings now. They're much more muted now. And I would say we -- if I look back through history, we've always seen a little variation in Europe from country to country. So it feels like it's maybe not normal, but it's getting pretty close to normal, I guess, I'd say.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. And then like with the competitor talking about lower U.S. growth in mitral and they need to restart the referral network. Can you talk about what you think the overall mitral market grew in the market, how your market share is looking and any changes to your long-term market growth of that market?
Bernard Zovighian: So let me start here and Daveen, you can add some comments. What we have seen is a nice recovery in Q1 and in Q2 in the mitral market in the U.S. and even in Europe. But I'm sure, Daveen, you have more precise commentary here to add?
Daveen Chopra: Yes, sure. No, definitely. I think I'll follow up and I say the overall TMTT market with both tricuspid and mitral continues to grow very well on a global basis, right, in that -- close to that maybe 20% kind of mark, globally. In the U.S., though, to specifically we're just in mitral, we do see strong growth. I think, Bernard, were saying something like almost like double-digit growth, which is about the ballpark we kind of see in for U.S. mitral. So we think it's there, but not as strong as it is on the global nature. As you remember, in many countries of the world, these technologies are just coming for the first time in there. We're still launching this technology into many, many countries. We're in very few countries - there are countries in Europe, countries outside of Europe that we haven't even launched into yet. So we continue to see, as we launch in new countries, that will help the market grow as well as the continued adoption of mitral in the U.S.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Maeder with Piper Sandler. Please state your question.
Adam Maeder: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you for squeezing in here. Two TAVR-related questions, I'll ask them both upfront. First on the ALLIANCE study, it sounds like that's going to restart enrollment this quarter. Can you just talk about the effects or improvements to get SAPIEN X4 back in the clinic? And remind us where we are in terms of enrollment with that study. And then the second question is just a clarification on S3 Ultra RESILIA. I know you're launching that, obviously, here in the States. I think that's approved in Japan in launching. What is the status that - of that technology in Europe? Thanks for taking the questions.
Larry Wood: Sure. Thanks. Well, in terms of the changes we made to X4, they were all delivery system related. So there weren't any changes made to the valve or anything along those lines, which is why we were able to make the changes pretty quickly and get back in the clinic. And so we're really pleased where we are. And we're all approved to begin enrollment. Now all the centers have to go back in and go back to the IRBs and whatnot. But we have a number of centers that are already greenlight and ready to go. So we expect to begin enrollment again very, very shortly. And I'm not ready to give an update on enrollment, much probably like PROGRESS. We'll probably do that at the investor conference once we have a little bit more of a run because it's not really about where we are, it's projecting where we think we're going to finish. And so I'd rather give you a more fulsome answer on that a little bit later. S3 UR, we're working with European regulators on that. But remember, there's been a huge change in the regulations in Europe to the MDR process. And there's also just a huge bottleneck in terms of the number of devices that are working their way through the system there. So we don't have any timing on that. Frankly, all the notified bodies are sort of learning about how the new regulations play and as are all the sponsors. So we don't have any timing on that yet. But we do have it approved in Japan, and that launch is well underway. We do have it approved in the U.S., and that's underway. And in both of those markets, we expect that to be the majority platform as we exit the year.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, we have now reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call over to Bernard Zovighian for closing remarks.
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, Diego. So let me close this meeting by saying I am excited about our performance so far in 2023 and confident in our outlook for the rest of the year. In addition, beyond the numbers, I am pleased with our progress on pipeline development, clinical trial and confidence in our long-term strategy to help even more patients. Thank you for your continued interest in Edwards, Mark, Oliver, Scott and I welcome any additional questions by phone.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a good evening.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 13:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences' First Quarter 2023 Earnings Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Diego, and thank you everyone for joining us. With me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; Scott Ullem, CFO; and Bernard Zovighian, President of Edwards Lifesciences. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are Larry Wood, our Group President of TAVR and Surgical Structural Heart; Daveen Chopra, our Global Leader of TMTT; and Katie Zimon our Global Leader of Critical Care. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released first quarter 2023 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include but aren't limited to, financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important safety information may be found in the press release, our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. Finally, a quick reminder that when using terms constant-currency and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are included in today's press release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments. Mike?
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, Mark. We're pleased with our first quarter performance, which exceeded our expectations and reflected an improvement in the healthcare staffing along with strong execution of our patient-focused innovation strategy. Sales of $1.46 billion represented 13% growth on a constant-currency basis versus a year-ago period. Strong therapy adoption of transcatheter heart valves drove the majority of growth in the first quarter aided by better-than-expected performance of Surgical Structural Heart and Critical Care. By geography, strong growth in the U.S., Europe and the rest of the world was partially offset by Japan where COVID impacts lingered. First quarter results in the U.S. were also positively impacted in the quarter by some catch-up in procedure volumes following a seasonal slowdown late last year. While staffing remains a concern at many sites globally, we are optimistic that the environment will continue to improve. In TAVR, first quarter global sales were $948 million, an increase of 11% year-over-year on a constant-currency basis. We estimate global TAVR procedure growth was comparable with our growth. Local selling prices were stable. In the U.S., our first quarter TAVR sales grew in the low-double-digits versus the prior year, and we estimate total procedure growth was comparable. As we indicated, we believe that first quarter trends were lifted by improved hospital staffing levels. Results were also lifted by a catch-up in procedure volumes early in the quarter following the holiday season slowdown. We're optimistic about the early results of our SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA launch in the U.S. As you know, the RESILIA tissues anti-calcification technology has demonstrated a strong track-record of performance in Edwards surgical valves. Adoptions of this advanced technology is proceeding well, and we expect it to represent the majority of our U.S. TAVR sales before year-end. TAVR growth in the first quarter was driven by larger volume centers and our SAPIEN valves continue to demonstrate distinguished clinical performance. We're pleased with the continued enrollment of our PROGRESS clinical trials studying patients with moderate AS. Related to this, last month at the ACC Conference data were presented that examined mortality rates in cardiac damage of 600,000 early-stage AS patients in the U.S. This study concluded that all degrees of untreated AS severity were associated with increased mortality risk. Of note, that mean two-year all-cause mortality for moderate AS was approximately 20%, approaching the rate of those with severe AS. Outside the U.S., in the first quarter, our constant-currency TAVR sales grew approximately 10% on a year-over-year basis. Growth reflected positive contributions from all regions, excluding Japan, which was still impacted by COVID and the recent trialing of competitive products. We expect to see higher OUS growth as international adoption of TAVR therapy remains low. In Japan, although growth was below our expectations, we were encouraged that conditions improved as the quarter progressed, and we expect COVID headwinds to diminish substantially over the course of 2023. With the launch of the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA in Japan late last month, we expect growth rates to improve in this country where aortic stenosis remains significantly undertreated relative to other large developed countries. In Europe, Edwards' sales growth was driven by the continued strong adoption of our SAPIEN platform and was broad-based across all countries. Total TAVR procedures grew over previous quarters despite persistent disruptions related to hospital staffing shortages. It's encouraging that healthcare systems across Europe are prioritizing lifesaving structural heart therapies including TAVR amidst these challenges. Looking ahead to the EuroPCR Medical Congress next month in Paris, we anticipate additional data from the Edwards benchmark study focusing on strategies to optimize TAVR programs across 28 European centers. Data will also be presented on the outcomes of balloon expandable valves for TAVR in TAVR procedures. In summary, given the strength of our first quarter performance, we now expect constant-currency growth of 10% to 12% versus our previous expectation of 9%to 12%. Our outlook assumes that hospital resource constraints continue to improve during the year. We remain confident that this large global opportunity will increase to $10 billion by 2028, which implies a compounded annual growth rate in the low-double-digits. Turning to TMTT. Our confidence continues to grow in the long-term potential to transform care for the many patients with mitral and tricuspid disease who need better solutions. We remain steadfast on our three key value drivers to unlock this opportunity, developing a portfolio of differentiated therapies for the complex mitral and tricuspid anatomies, driving positive pivotal trial results to support approvals and adoption, and prioritizing favorable real-world clinical outcomes. First quarter sales of $42 million grew substantially, driven by overall tier procedure growth, the ongoing launch and growing adoption of PASCAL Precision in Europe and the initial launch in the United States. We're pleased that we continue to have excellent outcomes for patients and clinician feedback on PASCAL Precision has been consistently positive, particularly highlighting the differentiated premium features of the system. We are ramping production to support the launches of Europe and the U.S. In Mitral, we look forward to presenting one year data from the full cohort of CLASP IID pivotal trial later this year. Meanwhile, we continue to enroll the CLASP IIF pivotal trial with PASCAL for patients with functional mitral regurgitation. In mitral replacement, enrollment of ENCIRCLE pivotal trial with SAPIEN M3 is ongoing and we anticipate completing enrollment of the main cohort around the end of 2023. We believe that this replacement therapy will expand options for a broader population of mitral patients. In tricuspid, we've completed enrollment of the TRISCEND II pivotal trial of the EVOQUE Tricuspid Valve Replacement System and remain on-track for a European approval by the end of 2023 and in the U.S., around the end of 2024. The FDA recently approved continued access allowing U.S. hospitals that were involved in the clinical trial to continue to offer EVOQUE as a therapy option. In addition, the CLASP II TR pivotal trial with PASCAL continues enrolling well. In summary, we're pleased with our continued progress toward bringing a portfolio of therapies combined with contemporary clinical data in order to achieve our vision of transforming the lives of patients with mitral and tricuspid valve disease. We now expect full year 2023 sales of $170 million to $200 million versus our previous $160 million to $200 million. In Surgical Structural Heart, better-than-expected first quarter 2023 global sales of $248 million increased a robust 17% on a constant-currency basis over the prior year. Growth was driven by penetration of our premium products across all regions and valve surgery growth was higher than our expectations as hospital staffing levels improved leading to some catch-up in procedures. We continue to see strong momentum of the RESILIA portfolio globally. Surgeons and patients value the features and benefits of this proprietary tissue technology for both aortic and mitral surgical valve replacement procedures. And we've seen adoption of the MITRIS Valve in the US increase in the first quarter. The 7-year data from our COMMENCE clinical trial will be presented at the Annual Meeting of the American Association of Thoracic Surgeons next month. We also began enrollment of our MOMENTIS clinical trial to demonstrate the durability of RESILIA in the mitral position. In summary, based on our first quarter sales, we are raising our full year sales expectation to the high-end of our $870 million to $970 million guidance range. We now expect high-single-digit underlying growth in 2023, driven by the adoption of our most advanced technologies and an increase in the overall heart valve surgeries. In Critical Care, first quarter sales of $222 million increased 9% on a constant-currency basis, driven by balanced contributions from all product lines. Growth was led by our Smart Recovery portfolio and strong adoption of our Acumen IQ sensor and finger cuff featuring our unique Hypotension Prediction Index algorithm. Demand for our Swan-Ganz pulmonary artery catheters and our HemoSphere monitoring platform also remained strong in the first quarter with a healthy pipeline of future opportunities. Based on the strong first quarter performance, we now expect Critical Care full-year 2023 sales of $870 million to $940 million versus our previous $840 million to $940 million. We remain excited about our pipeline of Critical Care innovations as we can to take continue to shift our focus to Smart Recovery technologies designed to help clinicians make better decisions and get patients home to their families faster. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Hi, thanks a lot, Mike. We are very pleased by our start to the year. Q1 was particularly strong in January relative to historical seasonality and the rest of the quarter was more consistent with our growth expectations. All product groups performed well, and sales were balanced across all regions with the exception of Japan, which was impacted by lingering COVID headwinds. We achieved total sales in the quarter of $1.46 billion, which represents 12.6% year-over-year constant-currency growth. We achieved adjusted earnings per share of $0.62. Our GAAP EPS was $0.56 and impacted by an intellectual property agreement, which I will speak to later. Contribution from our stronger-than-expected sales performance was partially offset by a higher provision for performance-based compensation. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share for these and other items is included with today's release. For total Edwards, based on the strong start to the year, we now expect 10% to 12% year-over-year sales growth on a constant-currency basis, an increase from our prior guidance of 9% to 12%. We now expect to be at the high-end of our previous range of $5.6 billion to $6.0 billion. Absent material moves in foreign exchange, we now expect full-year TAVR sales of $3.8 billion to $4.0 billion, TMTT sales of $170 million to $200 million and Critical Care sales of $870 million to $940 million. For Surgical Structural Heart, we now expect to be at the high-end of our previous guidance range of $870 million to $970 million. Lastly, we now expect our full-year adjusted EPS to be between $2.48 and $2.60. We're projecting second quarter sales to be between $1.48 billion and $1.56 billion. We're also projecting second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.62 to $0.68. I'll now cover additional details of our results. For the first quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 77.5% as expected, compared to 77.8% in the same period last year and 81% in Q4. This slight year-over-year reduction was driven by a less favorable impact from FX. We continue to expect our full-year 2023 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 78%. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were $436 million, or 29.9% of sales, primarily reflecting increased investments over the prior year in transcatheter field-based personnel in support of our growth strategy. These investments were partially offset by the weakening of the euro and yen against the dollar. We continue to expect full-year 2023 SG&A as a percent of sales to be 29% to 30% as we continue to invest in field-based personnel and our therapy adoption initiatives. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 14% over the prior year to $261 million, or 17.9% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter valve innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. For the full-year 2023, we continue to expect R&D to be 17% to 18% of sales as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence to support TAVR and TMTT. Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 14.6%. This rate reflects a 70-basis-point excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full-year tax-rate, excluding special items, to be 13% to 17%. Earlier this month, we were pleased to enter into an intellectual property agreement with Medtronic in which we agreed to a 15-year mutual covenant not to sue with regard to certain structural heart products. We previously had a long-term IP agreement that expired last year. The terms of the new agreement limit what we disclose, but there will be a reference to it in our Form 10-Q, which we will file soon. In consideration for the agreement, we paid Medtronic $300 million, approximately half of which has been recorded as a one-time charge and the other half will be amortized over time. Foreign exchange rates decreased first quarter reported sales growth by 380 percentage points, or $44 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we continue to expect an approximately flat year-over-year impact to full-year 2023 sales as compared to 2022. FX rates negatively impacted our first quarter gross profit margin by 70 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our January guidance, FX rates had a minimal impact on first quarter earnings per share. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $253 million defined as cash flow from operating activities of $314 million less capital spending of $61 million. We continue to expect full-year 2023 free cash flow will be between $1.0 billion and $1.4 billion. Before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet and share repurchase activities. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $1.3 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of March 31. In the first quarter, we repurchased approximately $250 million in stock through an accelerated share repurchase agreement as well as pre-established 10b5-1 programs. As a result, average diluted shares outstanding during the quarter declined by approximately 5 million shares to 611 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2023 to be between 610 million and 615 million. We have approximately $650 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike. But before I do, I know everyone on both ends of this call joins me in congratulating you on this your 92nd earnings call. We're now in our 10th year of working together, and it's been a privilege at every step along the way. Your leadership and support as the CEO of Edwards has been an inspiration to me, our employees and I know it's also fair to say the investment community. So with that, Mike, back to you.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks so much, Scott. That means a lot and I've truly valued your trusted partnership over the years. It's also a great segue. As part of the upcoming planned CEO succession, Bernard has been serving as President of Edwards Lifesciences since January 1. Since then, we've invested all our time to successfully transition responsibilities and I feel confident passing the baton. Next month, I expect to transition to my new role as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board and Bernard will assume the CEO role. I'm excited with the Board's selection of Bernard, and I'm confident that the company is in great hands and will prosper under his proven leadership. But before we go to Q&A, I'll ask Bernard to say a few words. Bernard?
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks, Mike. I feel extremely fortunate to be leading this special company that has pioneered breakthrough technologies and transformed care for patients around the world. During the well planned five month transition, Mike has been extremely generous in sharing learnings and experience, having successfully transformed Edwards over the last 20 plus years. I am also grateful for the support of the Board and the partnership of the executive leadership team. In recent months, I have had the pleasure of meeting and listening to our patients, our trusted pioneers and our employees around the world. I've come away from the discussion even more confident in Edwards' bright future. For our patients, we will continue to advance breakthrough innovation that will positively impact their lives. While Edwards has grown and evolved, we never lost sight of why we are here. We will stay focused on our long-term strategic goals and foster a patient-first culture and drive everything we do. We know healthcare innovation requires trusted partnership with physicians, regulators, peers, providers and innovators, and we will continue to build upon and further strengthen our deep partnerships to take on ambitious goals and address large unmet needs. Transforming care like we do at Edwards is complex. So we remain committed to fostering a culture where our employees really enjoy their impactful work. Our unique, organic innovation strategy requires an expert, motivated and dedicated global team. I want Edwards to continue to be a place that inspires our employees to grow and succeed and attract bright talent. As you heard from Mike and Scott, we believe that 2023 will be an important year for Edwards as we expect a return to higher sales growth and meaningful progress on our innovations to improve care for many more patients. Looking beyond 2023, I remain confident that our long-term strategy and pipeline of innovative therapy will create significant value for patients and healthcare systems enabling strong organic sales growth. Finally, I am confident that as we deliver on our innovation strategy, we will create exceptional shareholder value. With that, I will pass it back to Mark to open up for Q&A.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Bernard. We're ready to take questions now. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue, and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego, please go ahead with additional details on accessing the Q&A portion of the call. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking the question. Mike, I just want to say I think I've been at almost 70 of your 92 calls, so I just wanted to take this opportunity to congratulate you on what you've accomplished at Edwards and wish you well on retirement. I just wanted to take a minute to say, I think your pursuit of transcatheter valves may seem obvious now, Mike, but we know that it was a big risk when you decided to go down that path and it was clearly the right decision. So, congratulations again, Mike, and I'll move on to my questions now. So I'd love to start just with two on TMTT. Just first on the TMTT results in the quarter, the $42 million. I'd love to hear a little bit about the U.S., OUS trends, how much does the U.S. contribute and just any color on the launch of PASCAL and I have one follow-up.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, why don't I get started. First of all, thanks so much Larry, that's very meaningful to me. And you're right, we've a long journey together and I really appreciate the support from the investment community. So why don't I turn it over to Bernard and Daveen to sort of answer your questions.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes, sure. No thanks, Larry. Good question. You know about your TMTT, we are very pleased with the first quarter results. As you can imagine, we started in Europe way before and we also got approval in Europe for PASCAL Precision before the U.S. So it is going very well in Europe, but we have been in the U.S. now for quarter, quarter plus, and it is going well also, it is at the beginning of it, I don't know, Daveen, if you want to add anything here?
Daveen Chopra: Yes, I would also say, obviously, Europe's obviously been the majority of our revenue, but in the U.S. and in Europe we're in launch mode with PASCAL Precision. We've gotten really positive feedback so far from physicians, they love the technology. They see excellent safety and efficacy and we're continuing to grow, we're continuing to open new center, training physicians for the first time and giving exposure to this new great technology.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And then just to follow-up on TRILUMINATE. The reaction seem to be mixed from some physicians. I'd love to hear you guys, your reaction to the data and put EVOQUE what you've just completed the U.S. pivotal trial for TRISCEND II, the enrollment, I'm sorry. One would expect with replacement, you're going to see better efficacy in terms of TR reduction, but how confident are you that you'll see an improvement in outcomes such as mortality and hospitalization with the reasonable safety profile? Thank you for taking the questions.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, sure. Thanks Larry, it's Daveen again. I'll jump-in a little bit in our thoughts on TRILUMINATE. Honestly, on TRILUMINATE, we're very pleased to see a high-quality randomized controlled data for the treatment of tricuspid regurgitation for the first time. We're excited to see that this trial show that tricuspid tier is not only see but offers significant TR reduction and also offers really meaningful quality-of-life for patients. And I think what we see is that the TRILUMINATE data actually kind of helps confirm outcomes that we've seen in previous PASCAL studies in the tricuspid space like our CLASP TR EFS TriCLASP study, et cetera, that we really see the significant TR reduction great safety and good quality of life. For us, obviously, the CLASP II TR study is ongoing, and maybe I'll give you some more potential on tricuspid tier therapy. But we also believe that you need a toolbox of technologies for tricuspid disease and that not only does tier offer a great solution, but we also think that tricuspid replacement also offers great solutions. Obviously, as the data comes out in the future will help figure out and impact a lot of the questions that you just asked right there, but I think we'll all figure this out together on this journey.
Larry Biegelsen: All right. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Robbie Marcus: Okay. Thanks for taking the question. And Mike, I'll add my congratulations as well. Maybe to start, I want to spend a minute on TAVR trends U.S. and OUS, and you said there was some pent-up demand at the beginning of the quarter, but then also it sounds like staffing continues to improve around the world. And if you get a little pricing benefit on SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA that might help sales throughout the year. So just love to get your thoughts on what you're seeing, do you think there was a bolus in January and a diet offer, or are these trends that can continue to improve and accelerate throughout the year?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks Robbie and I appreciate your comments. Why don't we go to Larry on this one?
Larry Wood: Yes, thanks Robbie. If I look at the quarter, we typically see a lot of seasonality in January as we come out of the holiday, just kind of refilling up the pipeline we're screening, and we saw a much stronger January than we historically have seen. I mean, we just saw less seasonality. I'd say, February and March, played out pretty much in-line with our expectations. We've anticipated that staffing was going to gradually improve, and I think we see that and I think that's evidenced in the Q1 results, but we expect it to also continue improve throughout the rest of the year. So in terms of trying to judge your backlog, I'm not really, it's hard for us to do that, but we do think there were certainly some catch-up in January.
Robbie Marcus: Great. And Scott, maybe one for you, OpEx came in a little higher than the Street had been expecting in the quarter, yet you reiterated the margin targets for the year. How should we think about the cadence of spending and anything in the first quarter that stood out to you that won't repeat going forward? Thanks.
Scott Ullem: Yes, so we did end up with higher spending in the first quarter than we had originally budgeted. Our plans for spending for the rest of the year really unchanged. And for the full year, our guidance for SG&A and R&D as a percentage of sales are unchanged. In the first quarter, we came in a little bit higher for several reasons. We had some performance-based compensation. It's highly sensitive to sales by design. And so, we'd like to reward people when the topline is performing well. We also had some little things, some onetime one-off expenses for projects we're working on. We had a little bit higher tax rate as a result of income mix that came in U.S. and OUS. So those were some of the special things that you saw flow through in Q1.
Robbie Marcus: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good start here. And Mike, let me add my congratulations as well. I wanted go back to the prior question here on, when you look at TAVR, I think it was 4% or 5% in Q4, Q1 double-digit growth. Can you quantify what that improvement from mid-single to double digits, what part of that was perhaps a catch-up versus an underlying improvement in procedure trends and when you're thinking about procedure trends, can you perhaps talk about how the quarter progressed and what the exit rates were?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks for your comments, Vijay. I appreciate that, and I'll give it to Larry. Although, I think he already gave it his best shot, but wanted to see if you have anything to add Larry, right?
Larry Wood: Yes. I don't know if I have a lot more to add from the last question, you know, you'll note we took up the bottom of our range and I think so we tried to reflect all of this in our guidance, but we're just encouraged overall by the staffing trends and where we're going and I think to see TAVR back in double-digit growth after a couple of tough quarters just really I think highlights that the system is getting capacity back and I think that that's a real plus for patients.
Vijay Kumar: Maybe I'll try to ask this a different way, Larry. Let's see if we can pin this down. The SAVR, this is the second straight quarter SAVR is outgrowing TVAR. Is that 17%, what percentage of that 17% is what is volume versus price? And do you have any thoughts on why is SAVR continuing to outgrow TAVR? Shouldn't TAVR be growing faster than SAVR?
Larry Wood: Yes, well I mean, I think first of all, we're very excited by the surgical growth that we saw in Q1. I think we probably reached probably at an all-time high, that we haven't seen in a long-time. I think that's really a reflection of the innovation and the investments we've made over the last several years, so I think part of this has been the adoption of our premium products and the premium we get and that certainly helps our competitive position and at the same time we did see procedure growth on that happened that I think we results from the capacity, similar to what we saw in TAVR. We saw that capacity improvements on the surgical side of our business as well, but we do get some of the price from our premium products in addition to the growth in the market and then probably a little bit of competitive position as well. So there's probably more drivers on the surgical side than there are on the TAVR side.
Vijay Kumar: Sorry, volume versus price, Larry, can you comment whether majority of this growth was volume versus price on TAVR?
Larry Wood: I mean, volume was certainly a key contributor to it and there's no question about that. So that's a big thing, but again yes there are three things that are contributing to the growth on the surgical business, whereas TAVR it's pretty much primarily units.
Vijay Kumar: Fantastic. Thanks guys and congrats again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. Please state your question.
Joanne Wuensch: Good evening, and Mike, you will be missed, but nice quarter to do your 92nd quarter four. I just want to spend a little bit of time on Japan and China, and particularly in Japan, if you had a tough beginning of the quarter with COVID overhang, what is your run-rate looking like right now and just down there what's happening in the region?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Joanne, and I appreciate your kind comments. Bernard, do you want to take a shot at that?
Bernard Zovighian: Yes, so Japan has been and still largely impacted by COVID headwinds. When we believe it is going to diminish over the course of 2023. We are also bringing our latest technology in Japan, S3 Ultra RESILIA and we are starting to see some positive reaction from our customers here. So together with the recovery from COVID and us bringing our latest technologies, we are very hopeful for the year.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, the other thing I can add, Joanne is that. China is still relatively small on the TAVR front for us. Remember we launched during the COVID years, but Japan is also going to benefit from the launch of the Ultra RESILIA product this year. And so, we think that's going to be a lift for Japan as the year goes on. And that's just launched here this last, this month.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Travis Steed: Hey, thanks a lot and congrats Mike you'll be next as well. Couple of questions here, I guess the first just did you normalized January. I don't know, if you could say, the U.S. still grew double-digits, if you just normalize the January in Q1? But then the real question is like how to think about Q2 from here, both U.S. and worldwide TAVR, how much of a step-up we should expect in Q2 total - TAVR sales or growth rates or just any color on what to expect for Q2 in TAVR?
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, Travis. I appreciate that. So, could you repeat your question about the Q1 growth, so I make sure we get it right?
Travis Steed: Yes, of course, so January, if you normalize the January catch-up if you will, January looks more normal did the U.S. TAVR still grow double-digits or it's high single-digits?
Michael Mussallem: Well again, just to try to expand, we typically see pretty fairly extreme seasonality in January where it's our worst month of the quarter. We just didn't see as much extremism, but January was by no means our strongest month. We continue to see a ramp in a quarter, it's just February and March were pretty much in-line with our expectations, but January was stronger, but it wasn't like it was our strongest month, so I hope that gives more context. And I think what we're seeing is the gradual improvement in staffing and I think what we've tried to build into our guidance is we took up the bottom of our range, because we felt we had a strong Q1, but it's kind of in our expectations now to be in that 10% to 12% range globally.
Scott Ullem: Yes so Travis, it's Scott. I'll just add to that, our guidance at the midpoint for Q1 was around 9% growth. That was the $1.41 billion. We beat that by $50 million, almost half of that was Surgical, and so we probably were rounded to low double-digits, something like that, if we were to normalize January, but we're getting pretty precise at this point trying to isolate every single month of the quarter.
Travis Steed: Yes, that's helpful, and I guess the next question would be on the RESILIA rollout, in terms of where you're at in penetration there. And then as you move into 2024, how you're thinking about some of the competitive launches in the U.S.?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, we're very pleased with how the S3 UR rollout has gone. We're really following on in the footsteps of our surgical franchise, and RESILIA, which is on in INSPIRIS and now on MITRIS has become extremely popular with surgeons. And so, we get to follow the legacy that they've really started for us. And we've seen really positive impact from S3 UR. And we expect by the end of the year that that's going to be our leading platform in both the U.S. and Europe. And remember we went for a list price increase with that which is never easy to do and we've been pretty pleased with how that's gone so far and I think that just shows that positions respect and appreciate the value that RESILIA brings to the platform. So we're very encouraged with how the launch has gone to-date. We'll continue to roll it out through the rest of the year, but we do expect it to be our leading platform. I think you had a follow-up question on competitive launches, is that correct?
Travis Steed: That's correct, yes.
Michael Mussallem: I mean, competitive launches have been going on for a long time, if we look at Europe, there's a whole complement of products out there. And outside of number one and number two, all of the competitors command about probably around 15% of the market and that's been fairly stable. So I think it's for us it's more about us continuing to innovate and rolling out our leading platforms than it is about anything else.
Travis Steed: Okay. Great and congrats on a better quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with UBS. Please state your question.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks so much for taking the question. And Mike, we sound like a broken record over here. But it's the end of an era and you definitely will be missed, and it's been such a pleasure being on this journey with you as you have such a meaningful impact on so many patients' lives, so thanks for letting us share that with you. And I guess my first question is on the TAVR growth guidance for the year? And if you look at from a comp perspective, I mean Q1 is a tough comp, you guys put up 11% constant currency growth. So I guess that we had some sort of backlog worked down in January, but I guess my question is why not a little bit more aggressive on the TAVR growth guidance given the strong Q1 print, is there anything to consider as it relates to moving through the quarters, comps actually get easier as you move through the year. So just wondering if you could comment on that and then I have one quick follow-up?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks so much for your nice comments, Danielle, it has been a pleasure for me. Why don't I turn this over to Scott to go through your question.
Scott Ullem: Yes, so I mean the short answer is, we did increase the bottom of our range. So we're expecting 10% to 12%, not 9% to 12%, it's not a huge move, but it does indicate that we had a nice January and we're still positive on the rest of the year. At this point, it's premature to start tinkering any more than that with guidance. We think this is the right modeling assumption for us in that 10% to 12% range for TAVR.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay. That's fair. And I think historically, you guys don't tend to release guidance very aggressively after the first quarter. So that's fair. And quick question for - on the TMTT side of things, I know it's very early in the U.S. on PASCAL launching, but Bernard just curious what you're seeing as it relates to market growth there and how much you're seeing that market recover, again, I know you guys are so early? So, not sure what you can say, but usually second entry comes to market and markets accelerate in a net tax, but just wondering if we're getting any signs on what market growth could look like going-forward there? Thanks so much.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes I know it's a fair question, indeed, we are pleased about the Q1. We have seen some positive signs that the market is recovering. I'm sure you remember the mitral market during COVID was not growing as expected and in Q1 we saw that the market was growing again. But again we are, if you think about the U.S., we are not the share leader, correct. So, we look at the market, we see a good sign that it is recovering and we are very pleased about the introduction of our technologies, our customers of reacting very well to PASCAL Precision, the seal of a differentiated benefit. So, we feel good about the impacts we can have here to this many patient in need. Thank you.
Danielle Antalffy: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Richard Newitter with Truist. Please state your question.
Richard Newitter: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. So two from me I guess, just the first, I know we've talked about hospital staffing. Is that just a catch all phrase? I know in the past you said it's the whole worked up and everything for getting the patient diagnosed to the entire kind of worked up to referrals to getting the patient there. So with respect to the improvement that we saw from late last year, just trying to get a sense for - what specifically kind of are you referring to when you say hospital staffing is improving? And kind of the second question on that just I think you talked about in the past a very varied kind of level of recovery across your installed base. Any comments you can provide as to the - or characterize kind of where and which types of implanting centers are recovering and at what rates or was it just more uniform across the entire installed-base at this point? Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, maybe I'll start, and I'll take your second question first, because it might take a couple of to answer your first question. I think we saw the growth being driven more by larger centers than smaller centers during this quarter and I think this is sort of a trend that we've seen throughout COVID. I think when COVID has spiked, we've seen people stay closer to home, we've seen probably more growth in the smaller centers. And as COVID wanes, we see people traveling, maybe a little bit further and going to larger centers. And so, I think this is consistent with trends we've seen over the last year and a half or so. In terms of, when we talk about staffing, it depends when you're talking about our surgical business our TAVR business. When you're talking about the surgical business, it's primarily OR staff and ICU nurses in sort of the post-care initiative. When you're talking about TAVR, there's a lot more that goes into it, because there's a lot more upfront workout. So it requires staffing improvements for CT and for angio and sort of the broader cath lab and we don't need it so much on the after-care side. So - I think we've seen, just generally, and I think hospitals have been working at this for probably better than a year now, trying to get people trained and get people in. I remember, you don't just hire a person and then they're effective from day-one. They have to go through a training process with that hospital, but I would say, generally speaking, you can look at the quarter and say, we saw staffing get better and - that's reflected in our and I think our broad performance. Well, we certainly saw it in TAVR, and we certainly saw with surgical. But it needs to continue to improve over the rest of the year. It's not like we're done yet. And I think hospitals continue to work hard at this maybe I'll ask Daveen to comment on the TMTT side what he saw.
Daveen Chopra: Yes I mean. I think it's a similar kind of comment that you made there, probably not the differences where there's a lot of people, a lot of different steps that go into a TMTT case. And again, as Bernard said, we're still a minority player here. But we continue to be optimistic that all those different parts of the fall patient pathway are continuing to get a little bit better in staffing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Barclays. Please state your question. Matt Miksic, your line is open. Please go ahead un-mute yourself.
Matt Miksic: Hi. Thanks so much. Thanks for fitting me in. So a couple of just quick follow-ups here, so one on the color that you gave on RESILIA, I appreciate the target of kind of getting that to the majority of U.S. revenues by the end of the year on the TAVR platform, if I understood that correctly. But just broadly, I know you've had a policy of maintaining this kind of set price across your TAVR platform - even as you sort of moved it up to the generations of products, and that is a little bit unusual? Most companies in med devices do tend to sort of contract and rebate and make adjustments to pricing across like particularly in the U.S, given the way DRG's work and different hospitals non-teaching hospitals get different payments than urban hospitals or hospitals here in New York. I'm just wondering if this having RESILIA in a portfolio at a premium, having S3 call it standard or whatever - however you're referring to it in the portfolio? If you're giving any thought to, it's sort of joining the rest of the group to sort of to help some of the smaller centers maybe be able to afford to do TAVR when paying for $30,000 or $32,000 for a round just might be have reached given especially given the way staffing costs have gone up. Love to get your thoughts on that and then I have one quick follow-up?
Michael Mussallem: Sure. Well, we haven't changed really our pricing philosophy. We do try to be good partners with our hospitals, and we did take a list price increase, but that's the first price increase we've rolled out really since launch. This is the first time that we've gone through a price increase. And so, the other thing that we've always done is, we've always rebated based on volume. So large volume centers, obviously you get discounted out. But we tried to treat everybody fairly across the country by having a standardized price, that's the way that we try to do that. And we try to recognize different centers performance based on their volume and that's been our philosophy throughout. I don't see us changing that philosophy. I think that's worked really well for us and we do try to work with hospitals and bring a lot of value. We still have people supporting virtually every case in the U.S. and the majority of cases in Europe and virtually all the cases in Japan and that's just sort of the model that we have in. And the other thing we try to do is partner with hospitals and run our things like our benchmark program to help them be more efficient, but if you look at all the data that's been produced for our clinical trials, this is an incredibly cost-effective procedure with almost unprecedented benefits when you look at it, mortality and you look at some of the other things that it's done. So we feel the prices that we have are more than fair for the value creation that we have.
Matt Miksic: That's fair. And then I guess as centers have done more active and staffing does, and pressure starts to ease a little bit, one of the pressure points has been around the extensive imaging and sort of additional sort of staffing -- specialized staffing that's required for some of these mitral procedures, tier procedures. Any thoughts on along the same lines of facilitating broader utilization and adoption through partnering with hospitals, anything that you can see yourself doing to sort of help facilitate those procedures given sort of the specialized staffing needs behind them?
Daveen Chopra: Yes, this is Daveen. I mean, obviously, I think we are always going to look to partner with hospitals, we are going to look to try to help them across the board. We're obviously in our early days, we tried to provide excellent training, top-notch training to get these patients as efficiently and effectively treated getting through the recovery process, et cetera. And I think our teams since a little bit more in the infancy, we don't have the same kind of detailed programs that kind of Larry has, like Benchmark et cetera in the TAVR program, but we're working really hard to try to on the tier side as well start creating those as we start getting more scale and being a great partner. I mean, it's a part of it, we all together Just want to help more patients together in a cost-effective manner. And that's kind of how we think about it over the long-term.
Matt Miksic: That's fair. And Mike, I have to say it's been something to behold the culture, the accomplishments of the company. Congrats, and you will be missed. Thanks so much.
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Cecilia Furlong: Good afternoon and thank you for taking the questions. I wanted to return to Japan, some of the comments that you called out just around competitive trialing, how you would frame Edwards growth there versus the market understanding you. So we're seeing recovery in the region. And then looking-forward to really what's reflected in guidance from Japan recovery at this point as well as Ultra RESILIA rollout?
Michael Mussallem: Cecilia, this is Mike here, can you just zero-in a little bit on the first part of that question again, I want to make sure that I understand it.
Cecilia Furlong: You talked a bit about competitive dynamics you were seeing in the region, I believe. So just curious if you could provide a little more detail on just how that impacted your growth versus market growth?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, so we had two other competitors in Japan, both rolled-out new products. And so, it's not uncommon when new products rollout that we see physicians trying those products and understanding how they work and what the features and benefits are and I think we've seen this throughout our history, and usually that ends up being largely transient. And we're excited because we're just getting to our biggest launch that we've done in Japan since our initial launch, which is S3 UR. And so, we're excited about that. I think broader on what's in the guidance for Japan is we're expecting a broader COVID recovery, COVID was still pretty big in Q1 and we're looking for a broader COVID recovery and continued uptake, it got better during the quarter, but we're looking-forward to continue to improve throughout the year and that's what's in our guidance.
Larry Wood: Yes, the only thing I'd add to it is Japan has been a pretty strong grower for us over the last couple of years and then really slowed down when COVID hit in the second half of last year. So, we're looking-forward here, especially with the launch of -- with the COVID waning and the launch of SAPIEN Ultra RESILIA that it's really going to make a difference starting in Q2 and moving forward.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one final question before turning it over to management for some closing remarks. And that question comes from Josh Jennings with TD Cowen. Please state your question.
Joshua Jennings: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking the questions. And Mike, really appreciate all your insights on these 92 earnings calls we have been on half of them. But question really, I mean for Larry, just wanted to -- we're getting questions on the TAVR and TAVR replacement cycle. I'm wondering if you could just size up the percentage of the market currently in the TAVR and TAVR represents and imagine it becomes a bigger, more meaningful piece as you get out to 2028 in that $10 billion market that you guys have forecasted, but when should we start to think about TAVR and TAVR contributing more meaningfully to market growth? Thanks for taking the question.
Larry Wood: Yes, no, it's a good question. I don't know that I can quantify it for you today, but we do TAVR and TAVR, but we also do TAVR and SAVR for patients that have gotten tissue valves, but I think one of the things that TAVR enabled with its development was the opportunity for more patients to get tissue valves. So even on the Surgical side of our business, younger patients can get tissue valves now because physicians and patients now payout let their valves that there is a catheter-based option for them down the road. So certainly, in time TAVR and SAVR will continue to grow and TAVR and TAVR will become a bigger part. TAVR valves now are just probably starting to get to the customer reaching that age that that will start to be more meaningful, but it will be something that grows in time, certainly as we look at the period that you discussed, which is through 2028.
Joshua Jennings: Appreciate it.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, this is Mike, I'll make some closing comments. First of all, thank you so much for many of your warm remarks. It's been a special honor and a privilege to lead our team at Edwards Lifesciences for more than 20 years. And I really want to thank our employees who have made immense contributions to advancing care and helping millions of patients around the world. I'm particularly proud of our patients-first culture and our commitment to innovation and excellence. Our success is really a testament to the talented and passionate executive leadership team and our employees worldwide. And I believe we are well-positioned for an even brighter future. It's truly been my greatest honor to be Edwards CEO, and I look forward to supporting Edwards as I transition to my new role with the Board of Directors. So thanks a lot for your continued interest in Edwards and the team will welcome any additional questions after the call.
Operator: Thank you. And with that we conclude today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great evening.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]Please note, this conference is being recorded.  I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Diego, and good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. With me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are Bernard Zovighian, President of Edwards Life Sciences; Larry Wood, our Global Leader of TAVR and Surgical Structural Heart; Daveen Chopra, our Global Leader of TMTT and Katie Zimon, our Global Leader of Critical Care. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released fourth quarter 2022 financial results.  During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and the accompanying financial statements and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. Finally, a quick reminder that when using the terms constant currency, underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are included in today's press release.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments.
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, Mark. During 2022, our company stayed focused on the long term, making meaningful progress on strategic milestones with the potential of transforming patient care. While the challenging environment negatively impacted sales, we still grew 8%.  Looking forward, we remain optimistic that the health care environment will gradually improve and we expect 9% to 12% sales growth in 2023. We didn't pull back on investing in innovation because of the pandemic, and we didn't pull back because sales fell a little short. We continue to aggressively invest during this challenging period, which positions the company for sustained leadership in a new era of structural heart and critical care innovation.  Looking back at 2022, in TAVR, we made important strides in executing our long-term strategy. We received approval and launched the innovative SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve. In TMTT, each of our platforms demonstrated promising clinical performance, and we received approval for PASCAL Precision in the U.S. and Europe. In Surgical Structural Heart, we extended our leadership position through the launch of MITRIS in the U.S.  And in Critical Care, we continue to drive adoption of our transformative smart recovery technologies. Although our initial sales expectations for 2022 anticipated a better environment, we delivered balanced contributions across each of our product groups and regions. We achieved 12% growth in adjusted earnings per share while maintaining R&D at more than 17% of sales, which reflects our commitment to driving durable organic sales growth. Consistent with our cash deployment strategy, we opportunistically repurchased stock at an accelerated level in 2022. We continue to invest in our production capacity in anticipation of future growth. and we made a series of external investments in promising early-stage technologies. Turning to our fourth quarter financial results. Consistent with our guidance, total company sales grew 7% on a constant currency basis to $1.3 billion. Our broad portfolio of innovative therapies drove this growth despite the health care disruptions in a number of our key geographies. In TAVR, full year 2022 global TAVR sales of $3.5 billion increased 7% on a constant currency basis, building on nearly 20% growth in the year ago period. Sales were below our original guidance of $3.7 billion to $4.0 billion due to foreign exchange headwinds and Covet induced health care challenges in key countries. In 2022, we announced the approval of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA in the U.S.  Separately, we continue to advance enrollment in our PROGRESS pivotal trial for moderate AS patients and gained significant learnings from our alliance pivotal trial to study the next-generation TAVR technology, SAPIEN X4. These transformative developments reinforce our long-term confidence in the strong growth of transcatheter-based aortic valve interventions.  In the fourth quarter, our global TAVR procedures were comparable with Edwards growth. Our global -- I should say, global TAVR procedures were comparable with Edwards growth. Our global TAVR sales of $868 million increased 5% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, consistent with our expectations. Sales were up slightly over Q3 in dollars and on a constant currency basis and local selling prices were stable.  In the U.S., Edwards fourth quarter TAVR procedures grew in the mid-single-digit range. As expected, our fourth quarter U.S. TAVR procedure volumes were impacted by the U.S. hospital staffing constraints and the holiday season slowdown. We estimate that our share of procedures was stable.  Growth in the U.S. was higher in larger volume centers and in states with fewer COVID restrictions as measured by the Daxferns Containment and Health Index. We're encouraged by recent hiring trends, which suggests that hospital employment is rebounding.  As we mentioned, we began the introduction of SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA in the U.S. the Resilient issues anti-calcification technology addresses one of the primary causes of reintervention following heart valve replacement and is demonstrating a strong track record of performance in Edwards Surgical house. As of now, this newest valve has been introduced in approximately 10% of U.S. TAVR centers and physician feedback has been encouraging.  Outside of the U.S., in the fourth quarter, Edwards TAVR procedures also grew in the mid-single digits, and we estimate total procedure growth was comparable. In Q4, geographies outside of Europe and Japan grew even faster in the quarter. Long term, we see excellent opportunities for growth as we believe international adoption of TAVR remains quite low.  In Europe, fourth quarter procedures grew in line with the global rate. Market growth continued to be impacted by a bump in the COVID cases and staffing shortages, which reduced hospital capacity, particularly in larger countries such as Germany. And even though there are a broad range of competitors, our leadership position and local selling prices remained stable throughout the year.  Importantly, a cost-effectiveness study published earlier this month demonstrated that TAVR with SAPIEN three was economically beneficial when compared to surgical aortic valve replacement in treating German patients with low surgical risk. The data suggests that TAVR enhances quality of life and offers a cost-effective option over the long term. These findings are consistent with the cost-effective outcomes for the use of SAPIEN 3 in France, Italy and Spain.  In Japan, fourth quarter procedure growth was much slower than expected due to an extended COVID wave and continued restrictions, which limited hospital staffing and capacity. We expect these factors to diminish substantially over the course of 2023 and look forward to launching SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA in Japan later this year. We remain focused on expanding the availability of TAVR therapy driven by the fact that AS remains a significantly undertreated disease amongst this large elderly population.  In summary, our outlook assumes COVID-related challenges improved during 2023 as hospital resource constraints decrease. We remain positive in our outlook for 2023 underlying TAVR sales growth of 9% to 12%, consistent with the range we shared at our December investor conference. We remain confident in this large global opportunity that will double to $10 billion by 2028, which implies a compounded annual growth rate in the low double-digit range.  Turning to TMTT. Since launch, we have proudly treated more than 10,000 patients with the PASCAL repair system. We achieved significant milestones in 2022 and made meaningful progress toward achieving our vision to transform care for patients with mitral and tricuspid disease. Following the Class II presentation at TCT and FDA approval in Q3, we initiated the introduction of the PASCAL Precision system in the U.S. Initial feedback from clinicians has been positive, and we're pleased with the patient outcomes to date. Class IID full cohort of 300 patients with 1-year follow-up will be presented in the second half of 2023.  In Europe, the PASCAL Precision launch is ongoing with a focus on bringing this latest advancement to our existing centers as well as expanding into new centers. Also aligned with our commitment to generate high-quality scientific evidence we continue to advance enrollment in our Class IIF pivotal trial for patients with functional mitral regurgitation. In mitral replacement, we're making good progress on the enrollment of the ENCIRCLE pivotal trial for SAPIEN M3 and expect to complete enrollment of the main cohort around the end of 2023. The sub French transfemoral valve leverages the SAPIEN 3 platform with a recapturable repositionable dock.  Separately, we've completed enrollment in the MISCEND early feasibility study with the Eos valve and are incorporating the learnings from this early experience into our next generation. We believe the Eos platform has the potential to be an excellent option for mitral patients, who have a poor prognosis and limited treatment options.  Shifting to tricuspid and our strategy of advancing the body of clinical evidence, we are currently enrolling two pivotal trials studying both tricuspid replacement and repair, TRISCEND II and the Class II TR. We prioritized enrollment in our TRISCEND II study, that study trial that's studying EVOQUE as it addresses the large population of patients who are suffering from debilitating systems and have few treatment options. TRISCEND II is on track for completion of enrollment in the first half of 2023, and we expect Evoke CE mark by the end of this year and U.S. approval around the end of '24.  We're very pleased with the recent tricuspid data presented at PCR London Valves meeting which we reported favorable results from both our TRISCEND study of EVOQUE and the TriCLASP post-market clinical follow-up for PASCAL. In Europe, clinicians are very positive about the performance of our differentiated PASCAL Precision system in their tricuspid patients, and we're looking forward to bringing this therapy to patients in the U.S. following the Class II TR trial.  Turning to the sales performance of TMTT. Fourth quarter sales of $32 million were consistent with our latest guidance and driven by the continued adoption of PASCAL in Europe supported by the early initiation of PASCAL Precision in the U.S. Full year global sales were $116 million, up nearly 50% on a constant currency basis versus the prior year. In 2023, we expect TMTT sales of $160 million to $200 million.  We look forward to advancing our vision to transform the lives of patients with mitral and tricuspid valve disease through the milestones outlined in our recent investor conference. We remain committed to bringing this differentiated portfolio of therapies to patients with these life-threatening diseases and believe our strategy positions us well for leadership.  In Surgical Structural Heart, full year global sales were $893 million, up 6% on a constant currency basis versus the prior year. Fourth quarter 2022 global sales of $224 million increased 8% on a constant currency basis over the prior year. We are encouraged to see strong global growth driven by the increased penetration of our premium RESILIA products despite COVID challenges in certain regions. Although hospital staffing shortages continue to be a concern, we believe that heart valve surgery was prioritized.  We have seen strong momentum of the RESILIA portfolio globally. We believe that surgeons value the features and benefits of this advanced tissue technology for both aortic and mitral surgical valve replacement procedures. We saw adoption of the MITRIS RESILIA valve in the U.S. increased in the fourth quarter. And built upon previous generations of proven mitral valve technology, MITRIS offers greater ease of use and is designed to facilitate potential future transcatheter interventions.  We are growing the large body of RESILIA evidence with our new Momentis clinical study to demonstrate the durability of this tissue in the mitral position. Enrollment in this study was initiated earlier this month. In summary, we remain confident that our full year 2023 underlying sales growth will be in the mid-single digits for Surgical Structural Heart, driven by the adoption of our most advanced technologies and growth of overall heart valve surgeries.  Turning to Critical Care. Full year global sales of $855 million increased 7% on a constant currency basis versus the prior year. Fourth quarter Critical Care sales of $225 million increased 13% on a constant currency basis over the prior year. Growth was driven by contributions from all product lines and regions led by HemoSphere and Smart Recovery. In our Smart Recovery portfolio, adoption of FloTrac and ClearSight sensors featuring our unique hypotension prediction index algorithm RECONNECT remains strong. Demand for our pressure monitoring devices used in the ICU due to elevated hospitalizations in the U.S. As discussed at our recent investor conference, sales growth in 2023. We remain enthusiastic about our pipeline of critical care innovations, highlighted by smart recovery technologies designed to help clinicians make better decisions and get patients home to their families faster.  And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thanks a lot, Mike. Today, I will provide a wrap-up of 2022, including detailed results for the fourth quarter as well as provide guidance for the first quarter and full year of 2023.  So as Mike mentioned, our sales of $1.3 billion in the fourth quarter grew 7% on a constant currency basis, despite the health care disruptions in a number of our key geographies. Our gross profit margin was healthy, even excluding the temporarily inflated rate due to FX. Combined with sales growth and disciplined spending, this resulted in adjusted earnings per share growth of 25% to $0.64. GAAP earnings per share was $0.65.  Obviously, we were disappointed with our stock performance last year. The only upside to the poor stock price performance was that it provided an opportunistic time to repurchase shares more aggressively. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $750 million of stock through an accelerated share repurchase program. And in total, we repurchased $1.7 billion of stock last year. Average shares outstanding during the fourth quarter fell to $616 million. We have approximately $900 million remaining under our current share repurchase authorization.  For the full year 2022, sales increased 8% over the prior year on a constant currency basis to $5.4 billion. Adjusted earnings per share grew 12% and we generated nearly $1 billion of free cash flow. We expect our sales growth rate to expand in 2023 with a gradual improvement in hospital staffing. Although still early in the year, we saw encouraging signals during Q4 and a good start so far in Q1, which reinforces our confidence about the 9% to 12% full year range.  We are maintaining all of our previous sales guidance ranges for 2023. Absent big moves in FX, we expect total company sales of $5.6 billion to $6 billion, TAVR sales of $3.6 billion to $4 billion, TMTT sales of $160 million to $200 million, Surgical Structural Heart sales of $870 million to $970 million and critical care sales of $840 million to $940 million. For the first quarter, we're projecting sales of $1.37 billion to $1.45 billion, and adjusted earnings per share of $0.58 to $0.64.  Now I'll cover details of our results. Our adjusted gross profit margin in the fourth quarter was 81% compared to 76.8% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven by the expected positive impact from our FX program which includes hedge contract gains and natural hedges that offset the negative sales impact from the weakening of the euro and the yen against the dollar.  At current foreign exchange rates, we continue to expect our full year 2023 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 78%. At current exchange rates, the reduction in this year's forecasted gross profit margin versus 2022 reflects 250 to 300 basis points of reduced benefit from FX plus some incremental inflation. SG&A expenses in the fourth quarter decreased 3% over the prior year to $411 million or 30.5% of sales, primarily due to the weakening of the euro and the yen against the dollar and partially offset by continued investments in the ongoing build-out of the U.S. TMTT commercial team and our high-touch model for TAVR. We continue to expect full year 2023 SG&A expenses as a percent of sales to be between 29% and 30%. Research and development expenses in the quarter were consistent with the prior year at $232 million, or 17.2% of sales. We continue to expect R&D expenses in 2023 to be between 17% and 18% of sales as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence to support TAVR and TMTT growth.  Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 13.3% and or 14%, excluding the impact of special items. We continue to expect our 2023 tax rate, excluding special items, to be 13% to 17%. Foreign exchange rates decreased fourth quarter reported sales growth by six percentage points or $73 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect approximately flat year-over-year impact from foreign exchange to full year 2023 sales. Foreign exchange rates positively impacted our fourth quarter gross margin by 230 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our October guidance, FX rates had a minimal impact on fourth quarter earnings per share.  Finally, before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet and cash flow. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $1.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of the end of the year. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was $214 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $283 million, less capital spending of $69 million. In 2023, we expect free cash flow to grow to $1.0 billion to $1.4 billion.  And with that, I'll pass the call back over to Mike.
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, Scott. [indiscernible] informational therapies covering solid financial performance. We expect higher growth and meaningful in 2023 with a gradual improvement in hospital. We believe to serve our patients -- we're confident that our patient-focused innovation strategy can transform care and bring value to patients and health care systems worldwide.  With that, I'll turn the call back over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Scott. With that, we're ready to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Diego?
Operator: And at this time, we will conduct our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robert Marcus: Great. And before I ask, Mike, we couldn't hear your closing remarks before. So I don't know if you're a little far away from a microphone or not.
Michael Mussallem: Okay.
Robert Marcus: There we are. Okay.
Michael Mussallem: If you like, I'd be happy to give you the conclusion, why don't I give that for a second. Thanks, Robbie, and we'll she'll be first in line here. I just said, in conclusion, we're proud of the significant progress we made in advancing 2022 and the new transformational therapies for patients and delivering solid financial performance. We expect higher growth and meaningful progress in '23 with a gradual improvement in hospital staffing and growth across all major regions.  And as the global population ages and cardiovascular disease remains the largest health burden, we believe that the opportunity to serve our patients will nearly double between now and 2028, and we're confident that our patient-focused innovation strategy can transform care and bring value to patients and health care systems worldwide. Thanks, Robbie. You're back up.
Robert Marcus: Great. Maybe to start, you talked about improving trends in TAVR and what you're seeing so far in first quarter. Maybe you could spend a little more time and give us detail on exactly what some of those improvements were throughout the quarter, how the quarter trended and what gives you confidence in the 2023 TAVR guide based on what you've seen so far?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I'm not going to get really deep into the quarter. As Scott mentioned, we had some really positive times during the quarter, where we saw some weeks were really strong. We had the normal seasonality that we see in a quarter where things get soft around the holidays. But if I just elevate, I think what's on the mind of some of our investors that we had a few quarters of single-digit growth, but that certainly does not dampen our enthusiasm for our strategy.  COVID just wasn't kind to structural heart patients. And we know that there are many consequences of COVID affected global growth companies, including Edwards. So if we just replay, 2020, COVID drove pretty much flat sales growth for us. In 2021, it was a big growth year. Edwards grew 18%. And in '22, although we experienced the lingering impact of COVID, tough comparisons and all that we still grew 8% and more importantly, in '23, we remain confident that sales are going to grow 9% to 12%.  So we just think the environment is going to improve. We feel strongly that COVID's impact is transient and that treating these structural heart patients is going to again become a priority.
Robert Marcus: Great. And maybe as a follow-up, you're a couple of months into the PASCAL launch in the U.S. I'd love to get the initial feedback of what you're hearing from implanters from hospitals and how the first quarter has gone for you so far?
Daveen Chopra: Yes. Sure, Robbie. This is Daveen. I'll take that question. So far at a high level, feedback from physicians in the Pascal precision launch has been really positive, right? I think people love the ease of use, the navigation improvements of this new system and we know that we received early approval in the U.S. and Europe. So we're ramping the inventory to kind of improve these launches.  And I think really in the U.S., our mantra is all about patient outcomes. And so we are really focused on our high-touch model. We're really focused on getting great clinical outcomes, gradual introduction have a really strong training program. So, so far to date, we've been really impressed with that.  And finally, I'll say, I think we've got great Class IID data that came out, obviously, at TCT. And we're convinced that they'll have a positive impact in the tier market overall, and we think that more and more physicians would be interested in using the PASCAL Precision system.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: I wanted to start with a high-level question. Obviously, there's a lot of concerns on the U.S. TAVR market, Mike, as you mentioned earlier, among investors. I wanted to ask about actually next year '24, because it looks like you have three major trials being presented potentially early TAVR for asymptomatic, the unload trial for moderate AS, TRISCEND II with EVOQUE for tricuspid. How do you guys rank these opportunities? And do you expect these three trials to accelerate your growth? And I have one follow-up.
Larry Wood: This is Larry. Related to early TAVR, just as a reminder, that trial has a 2-year endpoint. So we just completed the 1-year follow-up at the end of last year. So we haven't -- these patients have another year to go. So that data wouldn't be available really until 2024. Unload is an IAS study, so that's really kind of out of our hands. We provide funding for that, but that's really up to the investigators in terms of when they present that data. And maybe I'll turn it over to Daveen for TRISCEND, or Bernard.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, I'll just make a comment on TRISCEND. So for the TRISCEND II study, we expect obviously release the information in the second half of the year and release the information in the second half of the year. So we're excited about the data we think to help it. But as you pull up here, I think this all helps us make us feel good about this year and then driving into 2024.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. And I'll just add -- this is Mike again, Larry. Yes, we're feeling positive about 2024. It's a long way off. So it's too soon to give guidance at this point. But when we look at the road ahead, we really think as the system learns to deal with COVID and it fades back into the rearview mirror that structural heart patients are going to get prioritized again. And we think that they're going to be anxious to treat these patients. We love our lineup of technologies, our lineup of clinical trials that are pointed in indication expansion. And so we see -- that's why we feel confident in that 2028 outlook.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. And just to add on to that, we did see, as Mike mentioned, we saw some weeks in Q4 that were really strong. And I think it's just evidence that staffing is gradually improving, maybe not as fast as we want. And we certainly saw some impact, especially around the holiday period, but we still have the SAPIEN 3 UR launch. We have other things that we're really excited about, and we feel very good about next year -- or this year, sorry.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. Just a quick follow-up. I didn't hear anything -- sorry if I missed it on the Alliance trial in Safety and X4, is there an update there?
Larry Wood: Yes. No, we don't have any update there. I think what we said at the investor conference is we expect to be back in clinic this year, and we still anticipate that. But we don't have anything new to add.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Kumar: I think for the first question, Mike, on the TAVR trends, I think U.S. was up mid-singles overall TAVR up mid-singles, implies international was mid-single. So maybe talk was there any China impact or would happen in international. And I think on the last call, you noted half the centers in the U.S. were up double digits, half then were flattish. Was that a trend that you saw this quarter as well? Or how are you thinking about TAVR progression here?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I'll talk a little bit about OUS and then Larry can get a little deeper in the U.S. So outside the U.S., procedures grew in the mid-single digits. And as we mentioned, outside of Europe and Japan, it grew even faster. In Q4, we experienced some challenges that resulted in sort of, if you will, the U.S. and Europe in mid-single digit as expected, Japan was worse than we thought, and the rest of the world was better than we thought. So that's sort of the way that things kind of netted out. We expect contributions from all the regions to be better in '23 as we are projecting that 9% to 12% growth rate. Your other question was trying to differentiate what was different in the U.S?
Vijay Kumar: Sorry, half the centers were up double digits, I think, last quarter. Was there a trend that you saw this quarter as well?
Larry Wood: Yes. We saw significant variation on a site-to-site basis. Clearly, some centers, and I think it maybe reflects kind of localized COVID restrictions. Some centers certainly did better than other centers. And gradually, we see that improving over time. But larger centers probably did a little bit better than the smaller centers. You had a question on China as well. China was certainly impacted, but for our TAVR business, it's such a small base. It's not a huge driver one way or the other.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Larry. And Scott, maybe a quick 1 for you. I think Q1 guidance here at the midpoint almost, I think it's hinting at 10% organic, close to high single, low double organic -- what's driving the sequential acceleration from the high singles organic we saw in Q4? Has the visibility improved? Or just talk about assumptions around Q1?
Scott Ullem: Well, it ties to what we've been talking about so far on the call, our guidance for Q1 is $1,350 to $1,450 million, so call it $1.410 billion in sales at the midpoint of the range. Which is if you just sort of think about how the year is going to play out at the lower end of the 9% to 12% underlying growth rate guidance that we've given for sales. So your question is what happened between Q4 and Q1 and it ties back to we're just seeing generally a favorable environment, hospital staffing levels and health care disruptions gradually getting a little bit better. And it's really very similar to what we talked about at our investor conference and reinforces our confidence about the 9% to 12% growth rate that we can achieve for the full year in 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with Jefferies. We'll move on to the next question. Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Barclays.
Matthew Miksic: So I'll keep it to one question. Just on some of the comments that you talked about, Scott, I think in your comments around starting to see some encouraging trends early this year, gradual improvements maybe towards the end of Q4. Given the sort of many things that have been talked about as potentially having this sort of slowing impact on U.S. TAVR trends around staffing availability of nurses and the confusion around some centers being double digits and some being slower. Can you maybe talk about a few things that you are seeing that sort of bring you to sort of point out this encouraging trend. Which of these things you're getting better? What gives you that encouragement?
Scott Ullem: Well, it's a good question. It's tough to isolate all the elements that are going into just the first couple of weeks of the year. But generally speaking, overall, it seems like the trends are favorable. And this is what we expected to happen in 2023 with hospital staffing constraints abating with overall disruptions in the health care system, getting a little bit better in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. And just the multiple different signals that we see and anecdotes that we hear give us confidence that we're on the right track.  And again, looking to the 9% to 12% growth rate guidance for 2023. January, it's pretty early to say, but obviously, we wouldn't the signals that we've seen in January are reflected in the guidance that we've given in that $13.70 to $14.50 sales range for the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: I have two quick ones. It looks like you have 81% gross margin in the fourth quarter, your guide for '23 is the reversal of your FX hedges. Can you walk us through sort of -- should we just straight line it down over the next couple of quarters, how we should think about that? And then the second question, it sounds like things are getting better. Are you seeing wait lists cropping up in different places?
Scott Ullem: Why don't I take the first piece, and then I'll let somebody else jump in on the wait list question. Just in terms of gross margin, it's pretty simple. I mean there are a bunch of little moving pieces. We always get a little bit of benefit from mix. We get a little bit of benefit from all of the activities we have to improve efficiency in global supply chain. But really, the difference between the gross margin in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the full year 2022 versus the guidance we've given for 2023 and is all FX. And FX hits us with both hedge contracts that we have as well as inventory valuations outside of the U.S. that's really the source of the decline from 2022 to 2023 gross margins.
Michael Mussallem: And on the backlog question, Joanne, as we've mentioned before, we don't have great analytics on backlogs. And so a lot of it we just hear anecdotally from customers. But what we do here say, yes, indeed, there is backlog that's spotty and across the U.S. and other countries for that matter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Nephron.
Chris Pasquale: Mike, I wanted to go back to the COVID-related headwinds in the U.S. and one hypothesis that I think concerns investors what you guys really haven't talked much about is the idea that excess mortality in your patient population could have depleted your pool and that, that might take longer to normalize than something that's a little bit simpler like hospital staffing. Do you see that as a significant factor? Or do you still view it as a bottom of the funnel issue with capacity?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Just at the highest level, sadly, for these patients, it's true. There has to be some mortality that goes on. They just don't wait well. And we know that, that's a very serious consequence of the environment that we're in. Having said that, this isn't a small pool. It's a really, really big pool. And so even the sad mortality that comes from this is not close to really putting a dent in the number of patients that could legitimately use help through having their severe AS treated.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one on mitral. Any line of sight into Class I and T completing enrollment of those studies have been going on for a while and I don't think you guys have provided a time line there.
Daveen Chopra: Yes. So this is Daveen. So I'll follow up a little bit on Class II TR first and I'll talk about IIF separately. So first, on Class II TRs, you remember, we think that in our prioritization, while we think tier for tricuspid is really important, we actually believe that EVOQUE has the potential to be more important to tricuspid patients. But we know that this is a large and diverse population of people. So we've got to have a portfolio of options.  So we were committed to running two different pivotal studies, obviously, the TRISCEND II for EVOQUE as well as the Class II TR for PASCAL. And many of these sites are actually -- many of our clinical sites, especially in the U.S. actually have both trials at that site. So what we did is we actually ask sites to prioritize TRISCEND II enrollment and actually drive that fastest. And so that's on track to kind of complete enrollment here in the first half of 2023, as we've kind of talked about before. So now as that finishes up, we're asking kind of sites to kind of drive enrollment in Class II TR hopefully, we'll then see enrollment in that trial then pick up.  And moving on to Class IIF, right, our functional kind of trial a randomized trial. We haven't yet kind of shared expectation for kind of approval or commercialization yet on that. That trial is enrolling right now. It's a really important trial for us. And again, a lot of the sites that were actually in Class IID again, the other mitral, were also sites that are also in Class IIF. And as you imagine, we initially said, "Hey, guys, let's really drive enrollment in Class IID and which the sites did really well," they helped drive our approval. And now we've again asked them to kind of switch their prioritization to Class IIF. So we see kind of the enrollment in that trial, which is again, it's a larger trial, a 450-person trial kind of enrolling right now. So that's kind of an update on those two trials.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cecila Furlong with Morgan Stanley.
Cecilia Furlong: I wanted to ask just a follow-up question on TAVR in Japan. How you're thinking about a cadence in '23 following a bit more pressure. It sounded like in -- and then just as you think about the impact from low-risk patients, additional patients coming into the funnel there as well as RESILIA rollout, if you could talk to us about your strategy and pricing strategy there, too?
Michael Mussallem: Maybe I'll start out with Japan and then turn it over to Larry for the others that he can sort of complete the thought. Japan had been a real lift to our growth rate for the past few years and even earlier this year. But when that wave of COVID came through in Q3, it really was a setback for that health care system. And the way that the Japanese system deals with it is to implement a lot of restrictions. And so that really had some pretty big impact in Q3, and that continued into Q4. It was even more dramatic in Q4 than we expected.  The situation is much better in Japan. And so we see a very solid, substantial improvement during the course of 2023. So we expect Japan to be a real contributor to growth going forward. Larry?
Operator: We can't hear Larry.
Larry Wood: Sorry, can you hear me okay now?
Operator: Yes, go ahead.
Larry Wood: Okay. So the -- there's a lot of things to be excited about in Japan. In addition to the recovery that Mike talked about more broadly, we do have S3 Ultra RESILIA that's coming probably right before the -- probably in Q2, then we'll begin rolling that out. Low-risk approval is also a big thing. We recently got approval for TAVR-in-TAVR, which is a big thing for Japan. So we're really looking for them to recover and get back to more of the historic growth rates.
Cecilia Furlong: Great. And if I could follow up to just RESILIA in the U.S., you talked about 10% center penetration at this point, but can you speak to just your strategy adoption interest in Q1 and how you think about at this point, the cadence of converting centers over the next few quarters?
Larry Wood: Sure. Yes. So we're really pleased with how the launch has gone so far. Remember, this approval came earlier than we anticipated. So it felt like we had built up a ton of inventory, and so we had to build up that inventory as we roll it out. So we're pretty much right I think, where we plan to be, and we expect the rollout to continue through the entire year. But we're happy with outcome so far. The physician feedback has been positive. And we think it's good for us.  We're also going for a price increase, which is the first price increase that we've done in -- since launch, which has been over 10 years. It's pretty modest. It's less than 5%, but we think it reflects the innovation and the value that we bring with the RESILIA technology.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America.
Travis Steed: A quick clarification and was on FX. I think the revenue guidance stayed the same, but FX was $100 million better. Just wanted to make sure I understood the moving parts on that? And then the question was also on U.S. TAVR. It's hard to tell exactly, but it looks like U.S. TAVR was down versus Q3. So I don't know if there's anything to call specific headwinds in Q4 that maybe weren't in Q3 and if it was actually down in Q3 versus Q4? And then how to think about Q1 in the U.S., can that still be up sequentially and grow kind of year-over-year in that 9% to 12% range?
Scott Ullem: Sure. So on the first question about FX, yes, you're right. We originally anticipated about $100 million headwind to sales based upon recent currency moves, we now think it's about flat. We do think there will be a headwind to sales in the first half. There will be a tailwind to the sales in second half of 2023, but it averages out to flat for the full year.
Michael Mussallem: If the rates stays though.
Scott Ullem: At the current rate. Regarding TAVR, no, there was actual growth in TAVR in the U.S. over Q3, and we're expecting more growth in Q1 over Q4. So we're seeing sequential growth and year-over-year growth expansion in U.S. TAVR and global TAVR.
Travis Steed: Okay. Great. I'll recheck the model on that. And then on SAPIEN 3 RESILIA. You mentioned a little bit of color on the launch. Curious how it's gone like price uplift versus volume discounts, you're actually getting all the price? Because I think the guidance is assuming stable pricing. So I just want to make sure I'm clear on how to think about pricing impact this year and maybe the pricing comes more in 2024?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So we are going for a price increase and we're going for a price increase across the board. What ends up happening with pricing is as volume goes up, we have rebates and those were built in, whether it was SAPIEN 3 pricing or whether it's SAPIEN 3 UR pricing but we are going for a net increase on every SAPIEN 3 UR valve that we have. Again, it's about $1,500 less than 5%, but we are going for that across the board.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen.
Joshua Jennings: I want to just start with a question on the surgical valve business. It grew at a higher clip than the TAVR franchise in the fourth quarter. And just wanted to maybe get some -- a better understanding on this prioritization of heart surgeries that you called out. Do you expect that to continue and maybe be beneficial to understand price versus volume growth for the surgical valve business in 4Q? And then I just have 1 follow-up.
Larry Wood: Sure. Well, I'll start and then if I have rent trouble on call my buddy to mean to help me out here. But overall, the thing with surgical patients is they don't require the same amount of work up as a TAVR patients. So they can move through the system faster because they don't require things such as the CT for valve sizing where that's been intraprocedural for the surgeon and so there's just much workup that has to be done for those patients. So maybe it's a little less impacted. I think there's also a mindset that when a patient needs open heart surgery, that, that just is more urgency in the system and those patients can move through a little bit quicker. We'll see how that continues over time. But we continue to drive RESILIA on the surgical side as well. We have the MITRIS launch, which is going, and we continue to advance RESILIA on the aortic side as well with INSPIRIS and those continue. I don't know if you have anything to add, Daveen.
Daveen Chopra: Yes. The only other comment I'll make is we talk about heart valve surgery being prioritized within hospitals. We see a bit that, as Larry said, in the food chain of kind of surgeries, we see that people generally if they're short in cardiac surgery resources help start moving resources to these really high acuity really important patients from other parts, other surgery departments. So you actually see a little bit of resource moving, which I think has helped cardiac surgery keep its volumes overall.  That being said, the macro picture, right, we always expect that TAVR is going to increase in aortic valve replacement. But we also expect, at the same time, the AVR market is going to continue to grow, and there'll always be these patients with complex disease that need surgery.
Joshua Jennings: And just a follow-up on the early TAVR results are not in the very near term, but thinking about the asymptomatic severe aortic stenosis bucket and just the percentage of total severe aortic stenosis patients in the United States. You guys have any new kind of estimates in terms of is that a 30% of total, 40% of total or lower? I just wanted to better understand what early TAVR could unlock?
Larry Wood: Yes, it's a difficult question because the literature is all over the place on this topic, and there's not great studies on this in terms of how it gets looked at. There's a lot of studies out there that say for every asymptomatic -- or for every symptomatic patient, there's an asymptomatic patient, so that's probably on probably the higher end. There's other studies that says that it's a little bit lower.  But I think regardless, it's significant, but I think the bigger issue here is it impacts how patients flow through the system because patients come and the doctor says, how are you feeling? And maybe that day the patient feels fine, but two weeks ago, they were struggling and that doesn't necessarily get picked up. I think if we could take the symptom assertation just out of the equation for patients and if your echo says that you have severe AS, you move directly to therapy. I think it would just be a game changer for how patients flow through the system.  And it's one of the reasons we took on EARLY TAVR is we think we need to have the definitive data that shows what happens when you really stress echo these people, what happens when you really follow patients that are asymptomatic, and that's really the purpose of the trial, but we think it's a significant opportunity to change how aortic stenosis is treated.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Maeder with Piper Sandler.
Adam Maeder: The first question is on ACC, which is coming up in a couple of weeks. I'm wondering if there's anything that you'd call out from an Edwards standpoint in terms of notable clinical data. And then there's a competitor study in the tricuspid space with TRILUMINATE. Do you think that study could potentially catalyze the transcatheter tricuspid market, both repair and replacement? And then I had one follow-up.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, this is Daveen. I'll hit a little bit on the -- obviously, the tricuspid trial, specifically the TRILUMINATE study. We actually wouldn't be surprised if TRILUMINATE shows positive results and gets approved by ACC or around ACC. To me, this would be an amazing opportunity and great opportunity for patients to continue to get more data and have better patient treatment. But that being said, we see actually in Europe right now that clinicians are actually very positive about the performance of our differentiated PASCAL Precision device there and seem to really like it for tricuspid patients. So we look forward to that to obviously bring that technology to the U.S. in the future. But we think for the therapy overall, obviously, more data is helping patient care.
Michael Mussallem: And then a high level, we'll be at ACC in full force. It's a chance for us to be close to customers. But we don't have any real groundbreaking trials that are going to be introduced at that time.
Adam Maeder: Okay. And then just for a quick follow-up. One actually on capital. allocation. And clearly, you're going to remain focused within structural heart. But I also think you've talked recently about having interest in a potential new adjacency. And I think referring to heart failure, you have an internal atrial shunt program, and you also have some investments in external assets. So when should we expect to learn more here about these initiatives and just the broader path forward?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks for that, Adam. We don't end up talking about these until some of the risk has been taken out. At these early stages, these are big transformative therapies that have big potential, but they also have pretty big risk at the early stage of the program. And we feel like it's more appropriate to share it with investors when we have more uncertainty. So for example, like we're already in human trials. So we're not likely to talk about this for competitive reasons, but it is something that's very much a priority for our company. We think the kind of skill sets that Edwards has could be applied really, really well to this big group of patients that's the #1 health care burden and cost and mortality both. Operator Our next question comes from Richard Newitter with Truist Securities.
Richard Newitter: And thank you for the color on the quarter-over-quarter growth, U.S. TAVR expectation in 1Q. But I'm hoping to just parse out the expectation around cadence for improvement U.S. versus international in three seems like international, a little bit more kind of COVID surge impacted maybe a little more visibility into the turning of the tide there. U.S. more hospital staffing it feels more gradual. A, is that correct? And do you think it's right for us to be modeling a little bit faster recovery and acceleration perhaps in 1Q and the first part of the year internationally and then maybe a little bit more of an acceleration for the U.S. in the back half and keep it more gradual in the first half? Is that a good way to think about it? And do we have the pieces right around your visibility?
Scott Ullem: So Rick, first, on the sequential growth. I want to go back to something Travis asked about before. Q3 to Q4 and 2022, there are sequential growth globally. I said U.S., it was true globally. Q4 through Q1 and 2023, sequential growth in the U.S. and globally. As it relates to the full year 2023 I'll start and then others chime in. We're expecting contributions both in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. It's tough to pin down exactly which regions are going to grow what rates. But we think that we're going to get contributions from all of our major regions to that 9% to 12% underlying growth in '23.
Michael Mussallem: That's right. I mean if we just look at what's happened here in the recent past, whether it's the U.S. or Europe or Japan, our three biggest regions, they've been lower than what they should be based on the struggles that they've had with the aftermath of COVID, and we expect that to improve throughout 2023.
Richard Newitter: Okay. I guess -- but it's not like you have better visibility into the two factors. The COVID surge impacts in your challenge areas in Germany and Japan, better visibility there versus hospital staffing. It feels like you're saying you expect all of them to move more or less together?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I would say we have similar visibility on all of them. We're very close to our customers, very close to our centers. and we feel like we know what's happening on a center-by-center basis. And we just feel that the environment has and will continue to improve.
Richard Newitter: Okay. And just following up to BJ's question. are half of your centers still doing double-digit growth in the U.S. I know it's variant, but do you still see that level of growth from at least a cohort or half of your centers?
Scott Ullem: Yes. I don't know if I could pin it down exactly to a percentage. But certainly, we see a large portion or a large section of our centers that are still doing double-digit growth. And again, I think it's not so much COVID, but it's the COVID restrictions that happen. And I think the parts of the country where those restrictions have been release sooner. I think we see those centers doing better. But we expect the rest to come along. I mean if you look broadly, those restrictions are easing really across the globe, and I think that's what is one of the things that helps us in 2023.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. And Larry, you might add that you saw some weeks during Q4 where there was some significant volume, though and made us feel good about the fact that there must be some capacity out there, right?
Larry Wood: Yes. We had some of the biggest weeks that we've had in our history in Q4. So a week doesn't make a year, but the fact that they were able to do it for several weeks indicates that staffing is getting better and capacity is coming back into the system, and it's one of the things that gives us confidence in our guidance for 2023.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'll turn the floor back to management for closing remarks. Thank you.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, Mark and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, thanks for participating.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Third Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Diego. And good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. With me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call are Larry Wood, our global leader of TAVR; Bernard Zovighian, our global leader of TMTT; Daveen Chopra, our Global Leader of Surgical Structural Heart; and Katie Szyman, our global leader of Critical Care. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released third quarter 2022 financial results.  During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations.  These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com.  Finally, A quick reminder that when using terms constant currency, underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are included in today's press release. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Mussallem for his comments. Mike?
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Mark. The third quarter strengthened our conviction in our company's patient-focused innovation strategy. Globally, structural heart procedures grew less than we expected in the third quarter, but that didn't slow us down, as our team accomplished numerous important milestones and made good progress on our multiple clinical trials and next-generation technologies. In August, we received European regulatory approval for PASCAL PRECISION. This unique system is designed for transcatheter-based edge-to-edge leaflet repair in patients suffering from mitral and tricuspid regurgitation.  Shortly thereafter, in September, we received early U.S. FDA approval for PASCAL PRECISION for the treatment of patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation, which was welcome news for clinicians who appreciate this differentiated platform. And in TAVR, last month, we announced approval to begin selling the SAPIEN 3 Ultra RESILIA valve in the U.S. our industry-leading SAPIEN 3 Ultra transcatheter aortic heart valve now incorporates Edwards' breakthrough RESILIA technology. Additionally, during the third quarter, enrollment accelerated in our 2 TAVR pivotal trials, progress evaluating patients with moderate AS and Alliance for our next-generation TAVR technology, SAPIEN X4.  These transformative developments reinforce our confidence in the continued growth of transcatheter-based structural heart inventive. We will continue to aggressively pursue breakthrough technologies with the potential to help even a broader group of patients and in turn drive significant future value. Now turning to our financial performance. Third quarter total company sales of $1.3 billion increased 7% on a constant currency basis versus the year ago period. Our broad portfolio of innovative technologies drove this growth, although it was at the lower end of our expectations, reflecting persistent U.S. hospital staffing shortages and COVID headwinds in Japan.  Adjusted EPS grew 13% even while aggressively investing in R&D and commercial infrastructure to support new therapies. For full year 2022, we expect total Edwards sales will be negatively impacted by foreign exchange and be at the low end of our previous range of $5.35 billion to $5.55 billion. We anticipate hospital staffing challenges and a predictive difficult winter COVID and flu season will continue into next year. In TAVR, third quarter global sales of $862 million increased 6% on a constant currency basis. Sales were below our expectations due primarily to the persistent U.S. hospital staffing shortages and COVID headwinds in Japan, which intensified the typical impact of summer seasonality.  In the third quarter, we're pleased that well over 30,000 patients were treated with SAPIEN across our more than 2,000 global TAVR centers. We estimate that global TAVR procedure growth was comparable with Edwards' growth in the third quarter. Local selling prices were stable, although the average global selling price declined due to the weakening euro and yen. In the U.S., our TAVR procedures increased in the mid-single digits versus the prior year. We estimate that our share of procedures was stable.  As expected, our third quarter U.S. TAVR procedure volumes continued to be impacted by regional U.S. staffing constraints, which were somewhat worse than we anticipated. There were a high level of variability in growth rates across centers around the country. And while staffing issues limited overall growth during the quarter, nearly half of our TAVR centers grew double digit in Q3. Outside the U.S., in the third quarter, our TAVR sales grew in the low double digits on a constant currency basis, and we estimate total procedure growth was comparable.  Our underlying 3-year compounded annual growth rate outside the U.S. remains in the mid-teens. In Q3, geographies outside of Europe and Japan grew even faster in the quarter. Long term, we see excellent opportunities for OUS growth as we believe international adoption of TAVR remains quite low. In Europe, sales were down sequentially as expected, even though we compete with a broad range of competitors, our competitive position remains stable. Scattered staffing shortages slightly exacerbated summer seasonality, and we anticipate some lingering regional impact on that.  In Japan, third quarter procedure growth was impacted by a widespread seventh wave of COVID, which created a significant strain on hospital capacity and limited TAVR procedure volumes. As you might expect, procedure volumes in Q3 varied across the country as patients and the providers were incentivized to turn their focus again to the treatment of patients with COVID. We saw TAVR procedure volumes improve as COVID hospitalizations decreased late in the third quarter. We remain focused on expanding the availability of TAVR therapy driven by the fact that AS remains a significantly undertreated disease amongst this large elderly population.  In summary, we anticipate the continuation of staffing shortages and a difficult winter, COVID and flu season. We expect Q4 TAVR sales to be around $850 million and full year 2022 TAVR sales to be at the low end of our previous range of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion. We remain confident about the long-term potential of TAVR as the rapidly evolving evidence recognized by policymakers around the world supports continued adoption of this therapy for the many patients suffering from aortic stenosis.  This broad-based, favorable evidence, combined with the undertreatment rate and growing elderly population supports our expectation that this global TAVR opportunity will reach $10 billion by 2028, which implies a low double-digit compounded annual growth rate. Turning now to our transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies product group. Recently, we received U.S. FDA and European CE Mark approval of PASCAL PRECISION. This next-generation system designed to facilitate precise navigation and an intuitive user experience will enable us to initiate our commercial presence in the U.S. for the treatment of patients suffering from degenerative mitral regurgitation and also expand PASCAL adoption in Europe for both mitral and tricuspid patients.  This exciting news was followed by the presentation of first results from the Class IID pivotal trial at the recent TCT conference. This first-of-a-kind head-to-head randomized pivotal trial further established the safety and efficacy of mitral transcatheter edge-to-edge repair. We were pleased that this data demonstrated that PASCAL is a beneficial therapy expanding transcatheter treatment options for DMR patients. In addition, we continue to advance enrollment of our Class IIF pivotal trial for patients with functional mitral regurgitation.  Separately, we continue to treat patients with our 2 transcatheter mitral replacement therapies through the ENCIRCLE pivotal trial for SAPIEN M3 and the MISCEND study for EVOQUE Eos. We are pleased with our progress and believe these sub-30 French transfemoral therapies will help transform treatment for patients and expand the mitral opportunity. Turning to tricuspid. We continue to make progress enrolling the TRISCEND II pivotal trial of the EVOQUE replacement system and the Class IIR pivotal trial with the PASCAL repair system in patients with symptomatic severe tricuspid regurgitation. We no longer anticipate CE Mark approval for EVOQUE tricuspid replacement in Europe this year.  As uncertainties remain around the MDR process, we now expect a CE Mark approval late in 2023, with sales contribution in 2024 when we expect to have reimbursement in place. We're excited about this therapy for the many tricuspid patients who have few treatment options today. Looking ahead to PCR London Valves conference in November, we expect numerous late-breaking data presentations across the TMTT portfolio. Especially noteworthy is new 1-year follow-up data on our early experience with the EVOQUE tricuspid valve.  We expect these presentations to contribute positively to the growing body of compelling clinical evidence for our comprehensive portfolio of transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies. Turning to the sales performance of TMTT. Third quarter sales of $30 million grew sequentially from the second quarter despite summer seasonality. Adoption of the PASCAL system in Europe increased as we initiated a limited introduction of PASCAL PRECISION, and we continue to have excellent outcomes for patients as we progress on a gradual expansion into more centers in Europe. We forecast to increase the number of procedures in Q4, yet expect reported Q4 sales to be similar to Q3 as a result of FX headwinds and a spike in COVID in Germany, our largest region in Europe.  We're pleased with our continued progress to our bring portfolio of therapies combined with contemporary clinical data in order to achieve our vision of transforming the lives of patients with mitral and tricuspid valve disease. In Surgical Structural Heart, third quarter global sales of $220 million increased 8% on a constant currency basis over the prior year. We are encouraged to see strong global growth driven by increased penetration of our premium RESILIA products despite staffing challenges in certain regions.  And although staffing shortages continue to be a concern, we're observing that cardiac surgeries are being prioritized. We continue to see strong momentum of the RESILIA portfolio globally as we bolster the overall body of evidence, including 4 abstracts recently presented at the European Association for Cardiothoracic Surgery Annual Meeting in Milan. We continue to believe that physicians value the features and benefits of this advanced tissue technology for both aortic and mitral surgical valve replacement procedures. Adoption of the MITRIS valve launched in the U.S. in April now represents the majority of our mitral valve sales in this region.  Separately, we've decided to exit our HARPOON surgical mitral repair system and stop enrollment in the related clinical trials. Given our experience to date, we made the difficult decision to focus on developing other innovative therapies to better serve patients and continue to be the partner of choice for cardiac surgeons. In summary, we remain confident that our full year 2022 underlying sales growth will be in the mid-single-digit range for Surgical Structural Heart driven by market adoption of our newest premium technologies and surgical market growth.  In Critical Care, third quarter sales of $207 million increased 3% on a constant currency basis over the prior year. The growth rate was impacted by a very strong prior year comparison. Sales growth was driven by increased adoption of our broad portfolio of smart recovery products, including FloTrac and ClearSight sensors with our unique hypotension prediction index algorithm. Additionally, demand for our HemoSphere monitoring platform remains strong. In summary, we continue to expect mid-single-digit underlying sales growth for the full year 2022. We remain enthusiastic about our pipeline of Critical Care innovations, highlighted by smart recovery technologies designed to help clinicians make even more informed decisions for patients. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Great. Thanks, Mike. As Mike mentioned, our sales of $1.32 billion in the quarter, representing growth of 6.7% on a constant currency basis, fell short of our expectations, driven by a slower-than-expected recovery of U.S. hospital staffing and COVID in Japan. Our strong underlying gross profit margin combined with a minimal spending increase resulted in adjusted earnings per share growth of 13% to $0.61. GAAP EPS was $0.55, which included a net $57 million pretax charge or $0.07 per share related to the HARPOON discontinuation.  We anticipate that the U.S. hospital staffing challenge is likely to persist, and we now expect total company sales at the low end of our previous range of $5.35 billion to $5.55 billion. And TAVR sales also at the low end of our previous range of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion. We continue to expect Surgical Structural Heart sales of $870 million to $950 million, and Critical Care sales of $820 million to $900 million. For the fourth quarter, we're projecting sales and adjusted earnings per share to be similar to Q3.  We now expect full year adjusted earnings per share of $2.40 to $2.50, up from 2021 adjusted EPS of $2.22. I'll now cover additional details of our results. Our adjusted gross profit margin in the third quarter was 81.0% compared to 76.3% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven by the expected positive impact from our foreign exchange program, which includes hedge contract gains and natural hedges that offset the negative sales impact from the weakening of the euro and yen against the dollar.  At current FX rates, we continue to expect our full year 2022 adjusted gross profit margin to be approximately 80%. This year's forecasted gross margin rate includes approximately 350 basis points of benefit from foreign exchange as compared to 2021. At current rates, FX is expected to result in an approximate 250 basis point reduction in our gross profit and operating margins in 2023. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter increased 3.5% over the prior year to $377 million or 28.6% of sales primarily due to a resumption of in-person commercial activities, partially offset by the strengthening of the dollar. We continue to expect full year 2022 SG&A expenses as a percent of sales to be between 28% and 30% as we continue to invest in our high-touch model for TAVR and the ongoing build-out of the TMTT commercial team.  Research and development expenses in the quarter declined 2% over the prior year to $234 million or 17.7% of sales. The decline reflects unusually high year ago spending. We continue to expect R&D expenses in 2022 to be between 17% and 18% of sales as we invest in developing our new product pipeline and generating evidence to support TAVR and TMTT. The discontinuation of our surgical HARPOON program resulted in a net $0.07 per share charge consisting of a noncash impairment of intangible assets, a reduction of contingent liabilities and other related exit costs.  Additional details of the charge and a reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted EPS is included with today's release. Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 15.7% or 17% excluding the impact of special items. This quarter's higher rate reflected a lower benefit from stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be at the high end of our 11% to 15% range. Foreign exchange rates decreased third quarter reported sales growth by 6 percentage points or $74 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we estimate a year-over-year FX impact to fourth quarter sales of more than $100 million.  In total, we now expect an approximate $270 million negative impact or 5 percentage points to full year 2022 sales compared to 2021, and we expect nearly the same negative impact to full year 2023 sales. FX rates positively impacted our third quarter gross profit margin by 440 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our July guidance, FX rates had a minimal impact on third quarter earnings per share. Free cash flow for the third quarter was $250 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $310 million, less capital spending of $60 million.  So before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet and share repurchase activities. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $1.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of September 30. Average shares outstanding during the third quarter were $625 million, down from the prior quarter as we repurchased 1.1 million shares for $100 million. Year-to-date, through the end of Q3, we repurchased 8.4 million shares for $861 million.  We expect shares at the end of the year will be slightly below our previous $625 million to $630 million share range. We now have $1.8 billion remaining under our share repurchase program. And with that, I'll pass it back over to Mike.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. Well, despite ongoing procedure headwinds associated with the pandemic, we're pleased with our year-to-date performance, which includes strong progress on strategic milestones. We believe hospital staffing constraints will gradually improve and are committed to aggressively investing in our focused innovation strategy for the broad group of patients still suffering from structural heart disease. We remain confident that the innovative therapies resulting from our investments will allow us to treat more patients and continue to drive strong organic growth in the years to come. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks a lot, Mike. Before we transition to Q&A, I want to remind everyone that our 2022 investor conference will take place on Thursday, December 8, at the New York Stock Exchange. Thank you to everyone who has confirmed your in-person attendance. We're really looking forward to seeing you soon at this historic venue. In addition to our 2023 financial guidance, you'll hear more about Edwards' focused innovation strategy and our comprehensive and exciting product pipeline.  More information will be available on the Investor Relations section of the Edwards website at ir.edwards.com. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo Securities.
Lawrence Biegelsen: I wanted to ask one on 2023, just a framework and some things to consider and then one on tricuspid, Mike and Scott. Just starting with 2023, I think people are going to look at the second half implied growth year, call it, 7% by my math. And maybe there'll be -- maybe that will raise some concerns about growth next year. So Mike, can you provide some framework for how to think about '23? Any catalyst to call out and stop P&L considerations that we should take into account? I heard the FX headwind, the 250 basis points, just any high-level thoughts given the shortfall last quarter and this quarter? And I had one follow-up.
Scott Ullem: So Larry, it's Scott. Why don't I start with the financial piece of that and then turn it over to Mike to talk about some of the strategic things that we expect in 2023. Financially, we haven't gotten into the quarter-by-quarter FX impact or growth rates. Typically, we don't give guidance, as you know, for the next year until our investor conference. We'll give you more details then. But just we thought it was helpful because FX has been such an impact this year, and it will continue to fall over the next year that will help quantify what the top line impact will be, which we think is near what is going to be this year.  So this year, we're at like 5% of sales and about $270 million. We think maybe it gets near to that at current rates, when we forecast for 2023, but we don't have the quarter-by-quarter breakout yet. Mike, do you want to talk about next years...
Michael Mussallem: Well, I'd just briefly just go through the portfolio. I mean, we feel like the business -- we don't talk about very much like Surgical and Critical Care are strong and are going to continue to deliver. We're going to see catalysts coming from TMTT as we see a lift coming from the introduction of PRECISION next year. And then TAVR, even though we're suffering right now from some staffing shortages, we think those are going to get gradually better. And I expect solid performance. I mean, we're not kidding when we say we still believe that there's a $10 billion opportunity in 2028. We're highly confident in that, and I think we're on a path to achieve it.
Lawrence Biegelsen: That's helpful. Mike. And actually, I wanted to ask about tricuspid. A lot of excitement around tricuspid. I know you know that you employed a Bayesian design for Class IID. Is it reasonable to assume that you'll employ a similar [indiscernible] design for your tricuspid pivotal trials, the 2 you mentioned? And just how are you thinking about that opportunity? Our check suggested it should be bigger than mitral, maybe somewhere between mitral and aortic.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Larry. We're obviously excited about our pipeline, and we work very closely with regulators around the world, including the FDA. We typically just don't comment on some of the real specifics of the regulatory process because they tend to change and be situational. And so I'm not going to really get into -- are we going to do [indiscernible] on a specific upcoming trial? I mean, we're well aware of all the tools that are available, and we'll try and do the smartest thing and work really in a legal fashion with the regulators, but it's not clear. I don't know, Bernard, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. Just a small thing. Obviously, any study, any trial has different design. Some are comparing devices together, some are comparing a device to medical treatment. So obviously, it is not as easy as taking what we did for IID and applying that to the other studies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robert Marcus: Maybe first, I think it would be helpful. Maybe walk us through some of the differences between why TAVR so much more impacted than the Surgical business? I know it's lots of similarities but also differences. Is it just pure staffing? Is it the imaging? Is it the testing? Is it the patient pipeline? Any ideas there? And how should we think about the impact from the shortfall in Japan? It looks like numbers came in below the Street by about $15-plus million. Is that all Japan?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So let me kick it off, Robbie, and then I'll turn to Larry and Daveen to supplement the answer. So actually, the TAVR procedures, we believe grew faster than the Surgical procedures, if you look at what the market did in the quarter. When you look at Edwards itself, it looks like the Surgical business was growing faster, but that's more Edwards-specific performance rather than what was going on in the underlying market. So I think we have to be a little cautious. Daveen, do you want to add anything from a surgical perspective? And then we'll kick it over to Larry.
Daveen Chopra: Yes, sure, Mike. I appreciate that. Yes, so to follow up what Mike was saying, Robbie, the growth driver of the Surgical business, as Mike had mentioned, was really about driving adoption of the Brazilian portfolio globally as well as the U.S. launch of our new mitral valve MITRIS, which provided a nice uplift. So RESILIA and MITRIS were really our top drivers. But as like I said, we also had a little bit of market growth coming from us -- maybe low single-digit market growth. And we're generally seeing that within the world of surgical operating rooms and surgery beyond cardiac surgery. Cardiac surgery being an area that surgical operating rooms kind of prioritize resources to a surgical operating rooms. So we generally see that led to that slow-low single-digit kind of market growth.
Larry Wood: Yes. This is Larry. As it relates to TAVR, there's more upfront work that has to happen with a TAVR patient than a surgical patient, both in terms of the imaging that has to be done, you have to do a CT for sizing. Oftentimes, you need to do angiograms to screen out for coronary disease so that you can do all of your TAVR case planning. So there's typically more workup that has to be done for a surgical patient. And so when we talk about staffing issues, a staffing issue at any link in the chain can cause patients to move a little bit slower through the system and take a little longer to recover.  So I think that's one of the differences we see. But as Mike said, procedures grew faster than surgery. So it's -- and a lot of the growth drivers in surgery, I think, go beyond aortic procedures.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. And Robbie, just to quickly comment on Japan. Yes, the total impact in the shortfall was only from COVID. COVID hit hard. I don't know how close you were to how hard it hit in Japan, but it is hard. And we are doing great in Japan, and we continue to do great in Japan. But we really felt the impact of that. It was probably worse towards the middle of the quarter, and it started getting better. So it's -- the wave is kind of passing now, if you will. So it's not continuing. But when it hit, it hit in a pretty significant way.
Robert Marcus: That's good to know. Maybe one more follow-up question here. The OpEx control in the quarter was some of the most severe we've seen probably since and ever second and third quarter of 2020 during the worst of COVID. How should we be thinking about where these pullbacks came from -- how sustainable they are? And how fast it could pick up going forward?
Scott Ullem: Yes. Thanks for the question, Robbie. Part of this was operating with a healthy sense of discipline about making sure we're running the company efficiently. But a lot of it was just the benefit of expenses that we incur overseas that translate into lower U.S. dollars.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Kumar: Maybe my first one is, Mike, for you, specifically on U.S. TAVR. I think that $850 million Q4, what's the underlying implied TAVR? Is that low singles? And I think you mentioned 50% of centers in the U.S. grew double digits. I'm curious, is that a comment just to assure people that this market is still double-digit growing? And perhaps the remaining half of the center, you're seeing some of these staffing challenges. Just give us some context on why we're seeing double-digit growth in some centers and not in perhaps the others?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I guess we need to check the numbers. I don't know that low single makes sense to me, Vijay. But nonetheless, let's just get into what's there, and I'll turn it over to Larry here in a second. But yes, indeed, we saw a great variance across the country in terms of how hospitals have been performing. And Larry could probably give us some color on that. But we saw some centers that were really growing significantly. We mentioned how many had double-digit growth and other centers that just weren't growing at all. But Larry, why don't you get into that a little bit.
Larry Wood: Yes. When we looked across the country, I think anywhere we go and anybody we talk to, they talk about staffing challenges. And I think that's pretty consistent across the country. But clearly, it seems to be impacting certain areas of the country more than others. I mean, just anecdotally, [indiscernible] centers in Texas in the middle of the country that were growing very, very well. And some of our big programs and more of the urban areas, the population density areas. They were a little bit flatter. And so we do see big differences, but it actually -- it encourages me that as these things start to wane, the patients are there. And I think, again, anecdotally, we hear backlogs continue to grow, but I think there's still some challenges in working through these staffing issues.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And maybe, Scott, one for you. I think that you have $2 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Why not announce a big ASR? I think your peer has done this. Just [indiscernible] market that Edwards still believes in the long-term underlying growth of TAVR markets. Clearly, there's some nervousness [indiscernible] the guide cut this evening?
Scott Ullem: Well, you're right. We have a lot of cash on the balance sheet. It gives us flexibility to invest for future growth. And so part of that is building additional physical infrastructure, supporting plant production capacity. Part of it is making sure that we're -- ability that we're able to fund external growth. And then yes, we're going to continue to buy back shares. And we've done accelerated share repurchases, including earlier this year. In total this year, it's been our biggest share repurchase year ever at over $800 million.  And so the only good thing about the stock price haven't been under pressure this year is it's given us a chance to go buy in shares, and we think that, that's going to be a great long-term investment. We're going to continue to look for opportunities to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Jennings with Cowen.
Joshua Jennings: Hoping to just ask about U.S. TAVR growth and potential return to the CAGR that I believe is ingrained in the $10 billion by 2028 TAM calculation. I mean do we -- do you think that U.S. TAVR return to double-digit growth requires indication expansion? Is that essential? Or could we see a return to double-digit growth prior to early TAVR opening up the asymptomatic indication and PROGRESS opening up to symptom moderate?
Michael Mussallem: Larry, why don't you take that?
Larry Wood: Yes. Thanks, Josh. There's -- just because of the nature of the trials and the 2-year end points that we have on these trials, they're not really big contributors to those numbers. And what drives those numbers is we still have only about 1 out of 10 patients with aortic stenosis that are getting treated in the U.S. And if you look at the penetration rates, outside the U.S., they're much smaller than that. I mean, in a lot of Rest of World places, they're just really just getting started and Japan is very undertreated.  So I think it's just a matter of getting through some of this COVID lag that we've had, getting some of the staffing a little bit healthier. And then I think it's going to return back to normal. I sort of see the indication expansion as being things that give us legs beyond the $10 billion.
Joshua Jennings: Great. And just a follow-up on the RESILIA tissue incorporated in the SAPIEN Ultra 3 and the price premium. Can you just talk about the reception as you've marketed that in the early days? And how should we think about, I guess, the penetration of RESILIA tissue than the SAPEIN franchise in the U.S. in 2023 or in the coming quarters and into 2023?
Larry Wood: Sure. Well, we're very fortunate that our Surgical business has built a great brand around RESILIA, and we get to follow that all of the brand work that they've been able to do. And so when you look at the Surgical side in [indiscernible], I think the leading heart valve in the world now, and that's largely based on the RESILIA tissue and how receptive people have been to the benefits that it brings. For SAPIEN 3 UR, that approval came a little bit earlier than we expected. We're super excited to add it to our SAPIEN platform.  We're really just getting started in the launch. We have to scale up inventory and do some of the other things we need to do. But I think people are excited about it. And we are going for a price premium on that. We've increased our list price by about $1,500. Now people get rebates, and there's different things around the country. So I don't know that I would model that in for everything. But I expect this is going to be a popular platform, but it's going to take us a while to get it all rolled out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: So I wanted to spend a little bit of time on hospital staffing because by our due diligence, it's getting better, but not expected to get great anytime soon. So should we think about next year TAVR growth being more high single-digit growth in the U.S. versus double-digit growth? I just want to get my head around how to think about the lingering effects of this.
Michael Mussallem: So. I can start us out, Joanne. So you're right, we don't expect staffing to be cured overnight. It's highly variable. As Larry indicated, just by the fact that we have almost half of the U.S. hospitals in TAVR that were growing at double digits. So there's a bunch of people not really suffering from staffing. And then again, there's another large swath of people that are really suffering from it. The conversations that we have with those folks in many cases say, oh, we're making progress, it's improving.  Some say it might take them up to a year or 2 to improve it. There were probably widespread use of traveling nurses. That's had such a burden on the P&L of hospitals that they've curtailed that in long ways in many ways and been able to move beyond that. But this is going to be a process that takes some time. So does it hamper our growth next year? Probably some. I mean we do anticipate probably a tough winter, Joanne, just because of what's predicted here with COVID and the flu.  But beyond that, it's tough to say. We're going to be providing guidance at the investor conference, so you can get deep on that. And so we'll be prepared to go a little deeper at that time. Larry, you have anything to add?
Larry Wood: Yes. I think it's important to remember, I mean, the patients are out there and they need to be treated. And the physicians are still very, very motivated to get these patients treated. And so they're frustrated as anybody else is. And I think hospitals are incentivized for doing procedures, not for not treating people. So I think everybody wants to get the situation resolved. I just think as hospitals have added staff, one of the first things they try to do, as Mike mentioned, is use the new staff to replace the traveling nurses to try to help out their own P&Ls.  And so that's maybe why we haven't seen as much lift from the staffing, but hospitals are working super hard on this to get this resolved. It's going to take time because you can't just create nurses from scratch quickly, but people are working really hard on getting this into a better place.
Operator: Next question comes from Rick Wise with Stifel,.
Frederick Wise: A couple of follow-up questions. And I apologize, it's hard to not focus on the U.S. growth numbers. Larry -- it is actually sort of a question for Larry, really, but I'll just [indiscernible], Mike. The -- I was -- expand on your comments on the U.S. referral chain. You talked about one aspect of getting patients treated, the imaging. But has COVID or anything about the current dynamics slowed patients showing up to clinics where they can be diagnosed in some way? Or is there some aspect that we can sort of focus on and imagine that it might get better sort of at the front of the patient gathering change?  And related to that, one of the thing I still can't quite understand and wrap my brain around is to I mean, [indiscernible] stenosis are very -- patients are sick. How are they not being treated? And it's so hard to make imagine these people being in backlog. Maybe you could just talk around those points.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Why don't I start, Rick, and have Larry jump in. Yes, in the early days of the pandemic, I really do think it scared patients away from engaging in the system and getting treated. I think for the most part, we're in a different place now where the AS patients actually, they want to be treated. They're willing to go into the system, but they're just finding the system grinding along slowly. And they're being pushed off, and they're being postponed. And it's a multistep process. Maybe Larry, you can get a little bit deeper on that.
Larry Wood: Sure. Yes. I think referrals are increasing. I mean, what we hear anecdotally is that backlogs are growing at hospitals, which would seem to indicate patients are still getting referred at least from what we hear from the physicians that we talk to. So I think that part of the system is starting to get better. But as I talked about earlier, there's just a multiple set of tests and screening and imaging that patients have to do before they get their TAVR. And I just don't think that system has come back to full health yet.  But I think we certainly have heard from centers that have said they kind of have to juggle patients with the more sick patients moving up the waiting list and then pushing the less sick patients down a little bit. But again, hopefully, this improves with time as staffing gets back to normalcy.
Frederick Wise: One last quick follow-up. Mike, you alluded to the buildup of the TMTT commercial team. Just curious, where are we -- and maybe specifically related to the PASCAL rollout, where are we, where are you hoping to be over the next few months as we approach '23?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Rick. Yes, we're definitely building up that team, and we're growing the team in Europe as well as the U.S. So we have Bernard right here. So Bernard, why don't you update us where we are?
Bernard Zovighian: Okay. So maybe let me start with the U.S. We are obviously very pleased about having an early approval with PASCAL in the U.S. We are executing our plan, which is training and expanding our field organization. We already started to train some physicians. We are negotiating some hospital contracts. We have done some few cases in the U.S. with great patient outcome. And you know that for us, it is our #1 objective. So -- and we are initially focusing on the site that we are part of the clinical trial with us. So that's basically where we are in the U.S.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Philip Chickering: First one is looking at the U.S. TAVR growth this quarter, and I apologize for all the questions on this topic. Looking at the larger urban centers, are those centers growing at all or at that capacity is all the new growth coming from the smaller or newer centers?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Yes, I can start. It's quite -- it's really a mixed bag, Pito. But Larry, you want to make a few comments and [indiscernible]
Larry Wood: It really is a mixed bag. I mean certainly, some of those centers are sort of more flattish. But we also have some of those big centers that are growing actually really well. So it's just really, really hard to generalize or to make broad overreaching comments. But as we said before, probably about half of our centers were growing in double digits. And -- but I think bigger centers maybe start a little bit more than some of the smaller centers. But again, I have big centers that are growing well. I have small centers that aren't growing. So these are just sort of some general comments.
Philip Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. And then looking at the German market, its largest -- most mature market in Europe, and I know that's sort of been COVID throughout the year. But just curious, how is the German market growing in 2022 and any colors or where that grew specifically in the third quarter?
Michael Mussallem: So it kind of depends what we're talking about, Pito. So if you're talking about surgery or you're talking about TAVR or you're talking about the transcatheter mitral, they each have their own growth rates. In particular, in Germany, they have been hit by COVID. We tended to see it more in the ICUs in Germany, maybe more than any other country in Europe, which tended to hurt our transcatheter mitral probably market growth a little bit more than some of the other segments. But I don't know, Larry or Bernard, do you have anything you want to add to that?
Bernard Zovighian: Yes, correct, Mike. We have seen a spike in COVID wave in -- specifically in Germany, mainly in October, late September, in October. So we don't know yet how it is going to resolve. Is it going to be an acute, only October? Is it going to get better in November? That's yet to be seen.
Larry Wood: Yes. I think generally speaking, Q3 in Europe is always a little bit tougher because we have the seasonality that we typically see with holiday vacations and those sorts of things. But we certainly have seen some challenges there, but I would say the staffing issues are a little bit more scattered there than they are in the U.S. just more widespread.
Michael Mussallem: But having said all those things that I know sound it all sounds pretty negative. You also have great big German centers with dedicated KOLs who are really good and really motivated. They're truly global leaders and key opinion leaders. These guys are just cranking. They're just going. We probably see more energy out of them than we've ever seen in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong with Morgan Stanley.
Cecilia Furlong: I wanted to ask about PASCAL, PASCAL PRECISION in Europe, really what you've seen either from further standard penetration versus expanding new centers? How you're thinking about the growth drivers going forward, the bigger growth drivers? And then just turning to U.S. as well, the 2 PASCAL trials FMR and for TR, just if you could provide an update in terms of how you're thinking about recent progress with then in enrollment as well as kind of time lines to potential approval?
Michael Mussallem: Okay. So we'll start out by talking about precision in Europe. And then we'll also comment on your question regarding the trials. So Bernard, do you want to...
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So we began the conversion of center from PASCAL to the PASCAL PRECISION system and initial feedback from physician is very positive. And by the way, we got a great clinical outcome, patient outcome. So the physician appreciated the ease of use, the navigation improvement that the new system is bringing. So this year, we are very excited about it, even though we are at the beginning of it. So we see a lot of promise from this innovation with [indiscernible] devices. So that's [indiscernible]
Michael Mussallem: And the other question was there any update related to the PASCAL TR or the functional patients that are being studied with PASCAL.
Bernard Zovighian: So the two -- we are continuing the [indiscernible] of these 2 pivotal studies with Class IID having completed enrollment. We believe that the sites are going to put more focus on these 2 remaining trials, but we are continuing. It is going well. And I am going to provide you a little bit more update here during the investor conference.
Michael Mussallem: So the same trials that we're doing IID are probably doing IIF and IITR. So yes.
Bernard Zovighian: Mostly.
Cecilia Furlong: Great. And if I could just follow up really quickly your comments on EVOQUE in Europe and just the MDR process. Can you talk through what you're seeing today and really what kind of drove the about year push out, how you're thinking about just the process from your end going forward?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. We're very excited about the EVOQUE tricuspid valve replacement system and really think that it has the potential of being a game changer, but Bernard, do you want to comment on MDR?
Bernard Zovighian: So as you know, this MDR process is a new process. And like everyone, we are navigating this new process. And this new process is uncertain, specifically for breakthrough therapies like EVOQUE. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of EVOQUE. At London Valve, you are going to see additional data with more patients, longer follow-up. And so very much looking for this one. So for sure, disappointed by not being able to have an approval this year. But we are very excited about the promise of this technology. We are working very closely with our notified body, answering questions. And so we are very much looking forward to bring this important therapy to patients who have no options today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America.
Travis Steed: I wanted a little more color on the TAVR guidance. It implies $850 million in Q4, which is down sequentially just wanted a better understanding of why down sequentially? And if that's a comment on both U.S. and OUS, you expect kind of both to be down quarter-over-quarter?
Scott Ullem: I'll start. Part of what we're experiencing is continuing foreign exchange headwinds. And so the $850 million incorporates sales from outside of the U.S. and in the U.S. And outside of the U.S., you've seen the euro and the yen just get weaker and weaker during the course of the year. And so that's part of what's hitting us in the fourth quarter.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We actually expect more procedures, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. in the fourth quarter.
Travis Steed: Okay. Do you think -- so U.S. TAVR you expect to be up quarter-over-quarter?
Michael Mussallem: The procedures will certainly be up. We're not prepared to predict the [indiscernible] foreign exchange.
Travis Steed: Okay. That's more a U.S. comment. But -- and I guess follow-up. Yes, you [indiscernible]. Okay. And the follow-up question was on kind of on spending OpEx and margins for next year given some of the FX flow-through. I know the Street's got you at like 6 to 7 earnings growth next year. I just want to make sure big picture, we're accounting for all the puts and takes on the P&L as you consider models for 2023?
Scott Ullem: Yes. And again, I'm going to have to ask you to hold off for the detail on the ticking and tying until we get to New York on December 8. But we wanted to at least help you on modeling the top line and the gross margin. So top line, we're expecting, as we mentioned, similar headwinds to what we've seen this year. So call it over $200 million in headwinds. We had $270 million this year. And then you add to that lower gross margin. So we go down about 250 basis points from where we expect the full year this year, which would take you to 77.5% just from a modeling perspective.  So the combination of those 2 things, flowing down the P&L should get you to at least a preliminary range of what to expect earnings per share. And like I said, we'll talk more about [indiscernible]
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, we had an inflated gross margin this year because of the impact of hedge contracts, and that will largely go away.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Newitter with Truist Securities.
Richard Newitter: I just wanted to come back to a couple of points that you guys made about certain trends related to flu and COVID and then Japan specifically, just to be sure about what's getting better, what's just not getting worse and then what is getting worse into 4Q? And then you keep saying the winter months, it sounds like the early part of '23. So can you clarify what exactly you say, flu and COVID picking up being a tough winter? What regions? I want to make sure I understand where and what's factored into the guidance for that? And the same question on Japan, it sounds like that was getting a little better, you're through the worst of it, but what's assumed in guidance specifically into 4Q? And how should we think beyond that?
Michael Mussallem: All right. So there's several questions in there. Let's see if I'll take a shot at getting after a few of them. First, let me start with the end here. In Japan, we said, yes, Japan, we believe, is getting better. The seventh wave has peaked and is coming down. Will they have another wave in Japan? I don't know. Very difficult to say. We'd say, generally, the intelligence, and this is particularly U.S. and Europe oriented, is that we expect it to be a rugged COVID and flu season.  And that -- we haven't fully experienced that yet that, that's probably more expected to come in November through January time frame. So yes, your question of could that also affect early 2023? Yes, it could. And some of this is just from the experience that we have all had around the world and a number of predictions about what's likely to happen based on the current variance. So I don't know, does that get that answer your question?
Richard Newitter: Yes. And I guess, what's assumed for that in your guide, did you assume that, that gets worse into the fourth quarter already?
Scott Ullem: Rich, we assumed it in our guidance. And so there is an appropriate amount of expectation, and I guess, conservatism that we are expecting continuing headwinds from respiratory illnesses, whether it's COVID or flu or something in between, we expect that that's going to continue to play a factor in the fourth quarter and into 2023.
Richard Newitter: And if I could just 1 more. On I know that the -- that you said a 250 basis point year-over-year headwind. So that's clear. But as FX rates continue to go against you, I know that, that also pushes out the hedge impact into next year. So would that actually cause there to be a little bit even of a further pushout into '24 and maybe less or more mitigation of that falloff in '23? Am I thinking about that right?
Scott Ullem: You are thinking about that right. Some of what we're seeing -- a lot of what we're seeing in 2023 is what we would have otherwise incurred in 2022. And similarly, we're going to see some FX benefit in the first part of there will then be a headwind in 2024.
Michael Mussallem: All assumes that exchange rate stay where they are.
Scott Ullem: Yes, assumes current rate, exactly. I just want to clarify one thing. It's a 250 basis point headwind to gross margin, it's nearly a 5 percentage point headwind on the top line.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Maeder with Piper Sandler.
Adam Maeder: Just two quick ones from me. First, just any update on the enrollment for the moderate AS trial or ALLIANCE trial? I think if I heard correctly, there's -- you saw some uptick in enrollment pace recently, but I was hoping you could flesh that out a little bit more? And then second, how should we be thinking about the cadence of future data from the PASCAL IID study? Obviously, we got the initial data set at TCT, but when should we expect additional readouts from that study?
Larry Wood: All right. This is Larry. So as it relates to ALLIANCE and PROGRESS, we just really got those trials going this year. And we have seen an acceleration in enrollment, which is really encouraging for us to get these trials moving forward. And given the overall environment, you worry that clinical trials just really add on, and it's a little bit counterintuitive, but our trials are actually starting to enroll at accelerated rates. And so we're very encouraged by that. And I think people are excited about the X4 platform.  And I think the moderate AS trial is potentially a groundbreaking trial in terms of how we think about this disease and what is the optimal way to treat it. And I think there's just been a lot of engagement from the physicians to study that in a rigorous randomized trial.
Michael Mussallem: And Adam, your question about additional IID readouts is a good one. So far, this has really been an early readout of the Class IID, which was sufficient to get U.S. approval, but as we follow all of the patients in this trial for the full year, there will be additional data. Bernard, do you want to give us a sense of when that data might be available?
Bernard Zovighian: Absolutely. You can expect to see additional data, more patients, more follow-up starting as early as next year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that's all the time we have for questions. I'll now hand the floor back to Mike Mussallem for closing remarks.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and the IR team and I certainly welcome any additional questions by telephone. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences' Second Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.  Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Good one, Diego. And good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us. With me on todays call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us for the Q&A portion of the call today will be Larry Wood, our Global Leader of TAVR; Bernard Zovighian, our Global Leader of TMTT; and Daveen Chopra, our Global Leader of Surgical Structural Heart, Katie Szyman, our Global Leader of Critical Carriers out of town today, but she'll be with us on future earnings calls. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released second quarter 2022 financial results. During todays call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial statements, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but arent limited to financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters, and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to, those associated with the pandemic that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and the important safety information may be found in the press release, our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Edwards other SEC filings, all of which are available on the companys website at edwards.com Finally, a quick reminder that when using the terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are included in todays press release. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thanks Mark. In the second quarter, total company sales reflected year-over-year and sequential growth across all four of our product groups on a constant currency basis, despite several challenging factors. Sales were lifted by strong performance outside the U.S. with double-digit underlying sales growth in Europe and Japan. On a constant currency basis, total company sales grew 5% compared to the extraordinary second quarter of 2021 when sales increased 44% lifted by the treatment of patients who had postponed their care. Nevertheless, second quarter sales and EPS were at the lower end of our expectations as a result of U.S. hospitals struggling with staffing shortages as well as the stronger U.S. dollar. We now anticipate that these challenges are likely to persist throughout 2022. And as a result, we are lowering our second half outlook to more realistically reflect the current operating environment. Although, the near-term environment remains uncertain, we are unwavering in our long-term pursuit of groundbreaking innovations. We're investing to achieve breakthrough therapies that create significant value for patients in the healthcare systems, enabling strong organic sales growth. We continue to make meaningful progress on our pipeline and expect to achieve important milestones by year-end. As the global population ages and cardiovascular disease remains the largest health burden, we continue to believe the opportunity to serve our patients will nearly double between now and 2028. Now, turning to the quarterly results by product group, in TAVR, second quarter global sales of $907 million increased 5% on an underlying basis, despite approximately 50% growth in the year ago period. Sales were below our expectations due to the ongoing U.S. hospital staffing constraints and foreign exchange headwinds, but still represented our highest quarter of TAVR sales. We estimate global TAVR procedure growth was comparable with Edwards, growth in the second quarter. In general, local selling prices were stable, although the average global selling price declined slightly due to the weakening euro and yen. In Q2, we continued to advance two pivotal trials aiming to expand indications. First, our EARLY TAVR trial is studying the large group of patients with severe aortic stenosis and no diagnosed symptoms. Second, our PROGRESS trial is evaluating patients with moderate AS, which represents a group that is much larger than those with severe AS. And last month, we also began treating patients in our ALLIANCE pivotal trial for our next-generation SAPIEN X4. In the U.S. our TAVR sales were approximately flat with the elevated prior year but increased in the high single-digit range sequentially. We estimate that our share of procedures was stable. As previously mentioned, our second quarter U.S. TAVR sales were impacted by slower-than-expected improvement in the U.S. hospital staffing and temporary contrast agent shortages. Also recall in Q2 of last year, our U.S. TAVR sales increased over 50% on a year-over-year basis, as COVID vaccines became more widely available and patients who had waited were treated. On a three-year compounded annual basis, our U.S. TAVR sales increased 10% compared to the strong second quarter in 2019. Outside the U.S., in the second quarter, our underlying TAVR sales grew in the mid-teens on a year-over-year basis, and we estimate total procedural growth was comparable. This strong growth outside the U.S. was consistent with our underlying three-year compounded annual growth rate also in the mid-teens. Long term, we see excellent opportunities, for OUS growth as we believe international adoption of TAVR therapy remains quite low. In Europe, Edwards, sales growth was driven by the continued strong adoption of our SAPIEN platform. We estimate that our competitive position was stable. Localized hospital staffing disruptions impacted second quarter results, although this headwind was less pronounced than in the U.S. 15 years after commercialization, it's encouraging to see the resilience of the TAVR programs in Europe, despite the challenging backdrop of today's environment. In Japan, we experienced continued strong TAVR adoption as we remain focused on expanding the availability of TAVR therapy throughout the country. Similar to last quarter, the number of TAVR procedures performed exceeded surgical aortic valve replacement following approval last year for patients at low surgical risk. In summary, we continue to be very optimistic about the long-term potential of TAVR because of its transformational impact on the many patients suffering from aortic stenosis and because many remain untreated. Recall that we had previously assumed an improvement in the U.S. hospital staffing shortages throughout the year. We're now anticipating a slower improvement. And as a result, we are adjusting our full year outlook. We expect underlying TAVR sales growth of around 10% in full year 2022 versus the previous expectation for 12% to 15%. Longer term, we remain confident in this large global opportunity and that it will double to $10 billion by 2028, which implies a compounded annual growth rate in the low double-digit range. Now, turning to TMTT. To transform treatment and unlock the significant long-term growth opportunity for mitral and tricuspid patients, we remain focused on three key value drivers: a portfolio of differentiated therapies; positive clinical trial results to support approvals and adoption; and favorable real-world clinical outcomes. At the TCT conference in September, we expect the first results of the Class IID pivotal trial evaluating patients suffering from degenerative mitral regurgitation. This is -- this first of its kind head-to-head randomized pivotal trial, powered for non-inferiority, will be the first of several key pivotal trials evaluating the PASCAL technology. Additionally, at TCT, we expect three-year data from the earlier class study. This growing contemporary body of clinical evidence will be important for the physician community considering transcatheter edge-to-edge repair treatments for mitral patients. We remain on track for U.S. FDA approval and CE Mark approval of PASCAL precision by year end. This next-generation system is designed to facilitate precise navigation and an intuitive user experience, extending our differentiated platform. This will allow us to expand PASCAL adoption in Europe, and we're pleased that we'll be launching the newest generation of PASCAL in the U.S. In mitral replacement, we continue to broaden our experience with both of our transcatheter mitral replacement therapies through the in-circle pivotal trial for SAPIEN M3 and the MISCEND study for EVOQUE EOS. Growing evidence with these Sub 30-French transfemoral therapies furthers our confidence in both platforms. Turning to tricuspid. We also continue to make progress on enrolling the TRISCEND II pivotal trial for the EVOQUE replacement system and the Class II TR pivotal trial with PASCAL in patients with symptomatic severe tricuspid regurgitation. While we remain hopeful for year-end approval in Europe, uncertainties exist regarding the new MDR approval process for novel technologies seeking a CE Mark. We remain committed to bringing the EVOQUE therapy to these tricuspid patients who have a very poor prognosis and few treatment options today. As we continue to build a body of compelling clinical evidence, we're pleased with the recent data from several late-breaking presentations. One year results from our CLASS TR study presented at the American College of Cardiology Conference demonstrated significantly reduced TR, improved quality of life and maintain TR reduction. Also at the EuroPCR meeting, 30-day post-market data from our tri-class study was presented with 90% of the patients showing improvements in their quality of life. At upcoming medical conferences this year, we plan for contemporary evidence to be presented on both our PASCAL and EVOQUE platforms. Turning to results. Second quarter global sales were $28 million, driven by the continued adoption of the PASCAL platform and activation of more centers across Europe. Our Q2 commercial performance was tempered by lower-than-expected market growth related primarily to COVID headwinds We are now updating our full year guidance to $110 to $140 million, which represents approximately 60% underlying growth over the prior year and reflects a stronger-than-anticipated impact from foreign exchange as the vast majority of TMTT's business is in Europe.  Bigger picture, we continue to be pleased with our progress forward on three key value drivers. We're advancing our comprehensive portfolio of differentiated therapies combined with contemporary clinical evidence and favorable real-world patient outcomes. Together, this demonstrates the promise of these therapies for this significant unmet patient need and will help unlock this large market potential. In Surgical Structural Heart, second quarter 2022 global sales of $229 million increased 2% on an underlying basis over the prior year. We are encouraged to see global growth despite sales headwinds from the planned discontinuation of certain noncore cannula products as well as the COVID shutdown in China, which combined growth by approximately 500 basis points. Our growth continues to be driven by increased penetration of our premium RESILIA products. We've seen strong adoption of the MITRIS RESILIA valve in the U.S. since its initial launch in April. Building on the commercial success of INSPIRIS, we believe hospitals value the intuitive product features as well as the benefits of this innovative RESILIA tissue technology. Physician feedback in regions where MITRIS has been launched has been positive and initial clinical outcomes have been favorable. In the second quarter, we continued to bolster the overall body of RESILIA evidence. This includes a commenced trial sub-analysis, which demonstrated the excellent performance of this tissue technology when treating bicuspid aortic valve disease, which was presented at the 2022 Annual Meeting of the American Association of Thoracic Surgeons in May. In a cohort of more than 200 patients averaging a relatively young 60 years of age, structural valve deterioration was zero at five years. In summary, we remain confident that our full year 2022 underlying sales growth will be in the mid-single-digit range for Surgical Structural Heart, driven by market adoption of our newest premium technologies and global surgical market growth. In Critical Care, second quarter sales of $211 million increased 3% on an underlying basis. As expected, growth was moderated by strong prior year comparisons. Sales growth was driven by increased adoption of our hypotension prediction index algorithm and our broad portfolio of sensors. Additionally, we continued enrollment in the HPI Smart BP trial focused on generating additional clinical evidence to support further adoption. Demand for the HemoSphere monitoring platform remains strong with a healthy pipeline of future opportunities. In summary, we continue to expect mid-single-digit underlying sales growth in 2022. We remain excited about our pipeline of Critical Care innovations as we shift our focus to Smart Recovery technologies designed to help clinicians make more informed decisions for their patients. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Okay. Thanks Mike. Despite several challenging factors, best hospital staffing and foreign exchange headwinds, our business fundamentals remain strong. We achieved total sales in the quarter of $1.37 billion with double-digit underlying sales growth in Europe and Japan. We expected our underlying growth in the second quarter would be our lowest of the year, given our strong prior year sales performance. Our higher than expected gross profit margin lifted by the positive impact from our foreign exchange program, contributed to an adjusted earnings per share of $0.63. We are adjusting our guidance to more accurately reflect the continuation of the more pronounced FX headwinds and slower than expected improvement in COVID-related hospital staffing. We expect total company underlying sales growth of approximately 10% in the second half of this year. For full year 2022, we now expect total Edwards sales of $5.35 billion to $5.55 billion. We expect TAVR sales of $3.5 billion to $3.7 billion; for TMTT, $110 million to $140 million; for Surgical Structural Heart, $870 million to $950 million; and for Critical Care, $8 20 million to $900 million. Now expect full year adjusted earnings per share guidance at the bottom end of our original guidance range of $2.50 to $2.65. For the third quarter, we're projecting sales to be between $1.30 billion and $1.37 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $0.58 to $0.66. I'll now cover additional details of our results. Our adjusted gross profit margin in the second quarter was 80.5% compared to 75.9% in the same period last year. The improvement was driven by the higher than expected positive impact from our FX program, which includes natural hedges and hedge contract gains that offset the sales impact from the weakening of the euro and yen versus the dollar. At current foreign exchange rates, we now expect our full year and second half 2022 adjusted gross profit margin to increase to approximately 80%. This guidance range reflects our assumptions of a favorable impact from FX hedge gains and an improved product mix partially offset by supply chain inflationary pressures. This year's forecasted gross margin rate includes approximately 350 basis points of benefit from foreign exchange versus 2021. At current FX rates, in 2023, we expect an approximate 250 basis point reduction in our gross profit rate. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were $409 million or 29.8% of sales, primarily due to a resumption of in-person commercial activities, partially offset by the weakening of the euro and yen against the We continue to expect full year 2022 SG&A expenses as a percent of sales to be between 28% and 30%, as we continue to invest in our high-touch model for TAVR and the ongoing build-out of the TMTT commercial team. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 11% compared to the same period last year to $251 million or 18.3% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter innovations, including eight currently enrolling pivotal clinical trials. For the full year 2022, we continue to expect R&D expenses to be between 17% and 18% of sales as we invest in developing our new product pipeline and generating evidence to support TAVR and TMTT. During the second quarter, we recorded a $21 million net reduction in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities, which benefited earnings per share by $0.03. This benefit was excluded from our adjusted earnings per share of $0.63. This reflects an accounting adjustment from assumptions regarding potential milestone payments for previous acquisition. Turning to taxes, our reported tax rate this quarter was 12.5% or 12.9%, excluding the impact of special items. Due to last quarter's new regulations that potentially limit the amount of our foreign tax credits, combined with an estimated reduced tax benefit from stock-based compensation accounting. We now expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be at the high end of our previous 11% to 15% range. Foreign exchange rates decreased second quarter reported sales growth by 4.6 percentage points or $60 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect an approximate $250 million negative impact or 4.5 percentage points to full year 2022 sales compared to 2021, of which approximately $170 million impacts the second half of the year. FX rates positively impacted our second quarter gross profit margin by 380 basis points compared to the prior year. FX rates had a minimal impact on second quarter earnings per share. We mentioned at the investor conference, in periods of a strengthening dollar like this, sales are negatively impacted. But as a result of financial and natural hedges, margin rates benefit resulting in a minimal impact to the bottom-line in the calendar year. Free cash flow for the second quarter was $289 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $332 million less capital spending of $43 million. Before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet and share repurchase activities. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $1.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of June 30th, 2022. Average shares outstanding during the quarter were $627 million, down from the prior quarter as we repurchased 3.7 million shares during the second quarter for $355 million. In the first half of the year, we repurchased 7.3 million shares. In July, we obtained Board approval to increase the authorization under our share repurchase program consistent with our long-time practice of seeking new authorization when the prior authorization has been diminished. We now have $1.9 billion remaining under the program. Given our repurchase activity in the first half of the year, we now expect our average diluted shares outstanding for 2022 to be between $625 million and $630 million. With that, I'll pass it back over to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. Our strong foundation of technology leadership, combined with a robust product pipeline, positions us well for continued success. As patients and clinicians increasingly recognize the significant benefits of transcatheter-based technologies reported by the substantial body of compelling evidence, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunities. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks a lot, Mike. Before we open it up for questions, I'm excited to announce that Edwards is planning to host an investor update at TCT on Saturday, September 17. This event will recap -- will include a recap of pivotal trial data, updates on our latest technologies, and views on longer-term market potential. We hope to see you there. But please note this meeting will be webcast for those who cannot attend in person. More information will be available in the coming weeks. With that, we're ready to take questions now. To allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have any additional questions, please re-enter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego?
Operator:  Our first question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe to start, TAVR is such a necessary procedure for these patients. And it's sad to see it slow down like this, but it's understandable given how many steps are involved in the patient population involved. What's your sense of what the early funnel is like? How are , you know, how's the early funnel with patient visits to doctors, diagnosis? Where is really the bottleneck that you're seeing? And how do you expect the funnel to play out in third and fourth quarter, both U.S. and outside the U.S.?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. Yes, this -- what we're feeling right now is different than the early days of the pandemic. In the early days of the pandemic, yes, there was impact on hospital capacity, but you also had patients that were just concerned about coming into the system and they stayed away. We feel like patients are entering the system now and are queued up to go through and there's just a lack of capacity in hospitals, in some cases, to handle all the patients. And so that care is being postponed. You're right, given that this disease is so deadly, it is very concerning because we know these patients don't wait well and there are going to be some casualties. I don't know, Larry, do you have anything to add to that?
Larry Wood: No, I think that's a good summary. When the pandemic first happened, hospitals, the beds were all filled up with COVID patients, and we don't see that today. Hospitals have beds, they have capacity. They just don't have staff. And I think some of what we're challenge with a little bit is as people test positive for COVID, they're not getting hospitalized, but they have to leave the workforce where they isolate. And I think that's exacerbating a little bit of staffing challenges. But you're right, the patients don't wait well. And we were already dealing with undertreatment of AS before the pandemic hit and certainly this hasn't made it better. But these patients deserve therapy, and we're hoping this returns back to more normal state soon.
Robbie Marcus: Okay. And maybe as a follow-up on MTT, it's not surprising given the euro exposure to see the guidance moved down there on a dollar basis. But this is also a market that's recovering probably slower than we had thought at the December Analyst Day. So, maybe you could walk us through how much of it is PASCAL and your product set versus the competition? And how much is the market? And how we should think about cadence there in third and fourth quarter? It still requires a step-up to reach the midpoint of guidance. Thanks a lot.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. So, yes, a couple of things. As we mentioned, because most of the PASCAL sales are in Europe, we do get affected by currency in a more dramatic way than we would otherwise. But the other issue is less of a competitive issue as we're really feeling like the market didn't grow. It really slowed down in TMTT. And Bernard, why don't you provide some color on that.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. Yes, exactly, Mike. So if you think about on a short-term basis, the TMTT procedures are more resource-intensive. They require general anesthesia, ICU stay for the patients. So therefore, they have been impacted more than any other procedure that we know here.
Mike Mussallem: Diego, next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. One for Larry, one for Bernard or whoever wants to jump in. Just on TAVR, just Larry, any color on trends in the U.S. TAVR market in Q2? How much do you think the contrast shortage impacted you? And I'd love to hear why you think the U.S. has been softer than Europe? And I have one follow-up for Bernard.
Larry Wood: Yes. Contrast, I think, was more of an issue here, early in the quarter than late in the quarter. It seemed to get better as the quarter went on. But certainly, there was an impact. It probably impacted smaller hospitals more than the bigger systems that probably had more reserve. So that was that. In terms of trends, as much as we get frustrated by it, we did grow sequentially. So we did see an improvement in hospital staffing just not as much as we were anticipating. And we obviously have a tough comparison to a year ago when we grew almost 50%. So, that's just kind of where it is. We still anticipate it's going to get better over the course of the year. It's just been more slow than we would have hoped.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. And just to add on, Larry, your question about Europe versus the U.S., we did see staffing shortages in Europe but they were more isolated in nature. We saw them in particular countries or regions, whereas the U.S., it really felt more widespread, more broad. And so, it turned out to be more pronounced. We were able to more or less swamp those in Europe.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And then Mike, for you or Bernard, for PASCAL and CLASP IID, I guess, should we -- I assume we should read into your expectations of PASCAL approval by year-end. You feel good about the trial meeting. Its endpoints. That's part A. And part B, there have been a lot of changes to both PASCAL and MitraClip since the trial started, PASCAL A's precision, MitraClip's gone from Gen 2 to Gen 4. How might that impact the results? And do you expect kind of a mix of different devices in the trial? Thanks for taking the question.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. You did perceive it correctly. We feel like we're on track for our year-end approval in PASCAL. We're going forward to that. As I'll remind you, that trial is designed as a non-inferiority trial. And so but that's what the target is. But you also brought up another interesting point. If you look at what's available for clinicians today, some of that data is kind of old, right? It's for patients that were treated maybe five years ago and sometimes even further back and there have been a lot of improvements in our system and competitors as well. And so what it will be also interesting about the data that we see is we'll see more or less a contemporary update of how edge-to-edge procedures are going, anything to add to that, Bernard?
Bernard Zovighian: No. You're right, Larry. We are -- what you are going to see is a number of analyses done with these pivotal studies. We have the original PASCAL and ACE, a number of mitral generation also. But as you can imagine, like in any pivotal randomized study, you have the first result will represent the data necessary to support approval and adoption. And what you can expect is additional presentation overtime with more analysis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks for taking my question. One on -- I guess, on the PASCAL side here, the -- given all of these revenues coming out of Europe, and Europe seems to be perhaps less impacted by labor shortages, did we just get the adoption curve wrong? Or maybe just talk about what changed in the revenue band for Europe for PASCAL?
Bernard Zovighian: Thanks for the question. So in Q2, we continue to grow sequentially quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. We continue to grow our presence, our teams, we open new sites both in Germany and outside of Germany. We feel good about our meaningful presence in Germany, even though there are more to do. Beyond Germany, there is still a lot to do. So the adoption is going at the pace we want in terms of site adoption and PASCAL adoption for sure, the market growth was less than anticipated in Q2. And we expect that to last and to improve gradually in the second part of the year.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. And I might just add, Vijay, that because our business is more concentrated in TMTT, in certain regions like, for example, there's more, business in Europe or in Germany, in particular, than other parts of Europe, some of those labor shortages and strikes in Germany probably had a little greater impact on this. So that combined with the point that Bernard made earlier that these procedures still require anesthesiologists and ICU space are probably why the market slowed. And you'd also argue in Europe, they're not fully convinced, right, because they have the mitral FR data that also is out there. And so it's another reason why we're kind of excited about bringing a new data set later on this year.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful perspective, Mike. And maybe one for Scott, on the EPS guidance, I think the implied fourth quarter EPS, depending on third quarter assumptions, it could either be flattish or down sequentially. Is that just a function of how the FX hedges roll off or anything else that's going on that drives the fourth quarter EPS?
Scott Ullem: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Vijay. We'll just -- maybe the way to answer it is to bridge the midpoint of our original guidance of $2.58 to guidance now, which is more like the bottom of that $2.50 to $2.65. And the moving pieces are probably first and foremost, just the sales change from the original guidance, partly driven by sales and just some of the headwinds that we've talked about, partly driven by FX and how that impacts sales and then flows down to EPS. You know, we're seeing a higher tax rate, as we talked about. We think now the tax rate is going to look something more like 15% of the top end of our original 11% to 15% range. That probably cost us about a nickel. And then we've seen some positives as well. We think we're going to get a couple of pennies from increased interest income as a result of what's happening in the investment market and $0.02 or so share count based upon all the repurchase activities that we've been doing so far. So we're not guiding to fourth quarter EPS down, but that gives you a sense of how the overall year looks compared to our prior guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citi. Please state your question.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon or evening. And thanks for taking the question. As we think about 2023, I appreciate the commentary on the FX hedges slipping and the impact to gross margins next year. Is there anything in particular that you would like to comment on? Because I think generally, people are starting to make sure the 2023 numbers are somewhat a ballpark based on what we currently know.
Scott Ullem: So do you want to talk about the 2023 gross profit numbers are in the ballpark based upon what you know?
Joanne Wuensch: Well, I'm talking just any metric you can give us, and thank you for the gross margin commentary, but anything else you may be able to set us up with?
Scott Ullem: Yes, it's premature to start talking about the different line items of the P&L for 2023. Of course, we'll go through that in detail at the investor conference. But -- because gross margin has been so impacted by FX this year, we did want to give a little bit of a lens into what's going to happen as these hedges start rolling off in 2023. So based upon FX rates right now, we'll lose something like 250 basis points of the 350 basis point benefit we're seeing in 2022. Keep in mind, that's compared to 2021. So in other words, we still think we'll get something like a 100 basis point benefit from FX in 2023 because we've locked in some hedge gains during the first half of this year. All in, for modeling purposes, if you think about 77.5% or something like that, somewhere in that range, that's probably a good modeling assumption for now for next year.
Joanne Wuensch: And then as a second question, assuming FDA approval by the end of this year for PASCAL, how do we think about launch, again, going into next year? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So maybe Bernard, you best to go through that, you can go through the particulars of how we plan to launch.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So first, let me say, we are pleased with our progress in Europe. So -- building the U.S. launch plan. Having in mind, what we did in Europe, obviously, our great success with TAVR in the U.S. You know, we are currently building the U.S. TMTT field team focusing on obviously high quality of training, making sure that we can execute on our high-touch model, the same way we are doing in Europe, having in mind excellent in the patient outcome. So obviously, we expect our U.S. launch with clinical evidence, which we didn't have when we launched in Europe, which is a big difference. At the same time, one of the other difference also is we are going to have only a DMR approval. So that's the way to think about the U.S. launch.
Mike Mussallem: And maybe just to add a little bit more, Joanne, this is going to be a step-wise launch. We're not going to try and serve all hospitals at once. We're going to -- we've really prioritized the group. That will be our first step, but we're trying to make sure that we have a well-trained team that assures great outcomes right from the beginning. So, it will be more of a ramp than a step function.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Cecilia Furlong: Great. Good afternoon, and thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask just if you could provide some color on both the COVID, the staffing shortage impact on enrolling some of the trials in the U.S., both the CLASP studies, ALLIANCE. And then, if you have an outlook right now just around export timing, approval timing, above some color how you're thinking about that as well?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Cecilia. Maybe I start, and I'll let Larry and Bernard jump in to add some additional color about the trial. Just broadly, the fact that COVID has been persistent is a burden on hospital. In any way, you slice it, because what happens is even though we don't consider today's COVID so deadly. When someone tests positive, they're out. People they've had contact with are out and miss five days. So it really is disruptive to a team and that can help and have some impact. Having said that, overall, we feel pretty good about our clinical research. Larry, why don't you update us on the TAVR side and Bernard, you can talk about TMTT.
Larry Wood: Sure. Well, we have three big trials. We have early TAVR, which is fully enrolled. And we have our PROGRESS trial, which is our trial where we're studying moderate aortic stenosis. And while we certainly see some impact, we've been actually pretty pleased with how that's going so far, and there's a lot of clinician interest. And then, we just started enrolling last month in our ALLIANCE trial, which is our X4 trial for our next-generation SAPIEN platform. And we've been pleased with the enthusiasm there. You always start the trial a little bit slow as you're getting sites up and you're getting them trained in a brand new valve platform. But overall, we've been pleased with the start.
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. And for TMTT today, we completed enrollment. We have CLASP IIF, CLASP II TR. We have TRISCEND II for EVOQUE. So yes, Mike  procedures are more resource intensive and they require more staffing. But we have seen a little bit of an impact, but not so much. We are pleased with the kind of enrollment we are having across all of the TMTT trials.
Cecilia Furlong: Great. Thank you. And if I could ask as well, just going back to your Analyst Day, you talked about your DTC TAVR initiative. Just would love some color in terms of and what you've seen out of that, where you are in that process at this point? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So thanks. I mean, I don't know, Larry, if you want to update that. We continue to be very focused on trying to make sure that we help patients come off the sideline just because it is such a big issue. It is going to be an important source of growth.
Larry Wood: Yes. We continue on these efforts even though the hospitals are struggling a little bit to train the patients they have. It takes a while for these patients to move through from diagnosis, to screening and to treatment. And so, we just think it's important to keep raising awareness around aortic stenosis, because it remains woefully undertreated, only about 10% to 15% of patients with severe aortic stenosis actually get treated today. And again, we're running the trials to prove the point with early TAVR and with progress, but we know these patients don't wait well even though some people may think they wait better than they actually do. So we're committed to the evidence, and we're committed to making sure patients are aware and we continue to execute on those programs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Steed with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Travis Steed: Thanks for taking my question. Just looking at Q3, you've said some of the Q2 staffing issues either the contract is more of a Q2 issue. But in Q3, there's usually some seasonality. So if you look at U.S. TAVR, I was curious if you think TAVR could be up sequentially at this time around or if it's probably down sequentially in Q3?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I'll just start out by reminding you that across Edwards, business, it's very normal for us to have Q3 be seasonally down compared to all the other quarters of the year because our procedures are generally done in teams and people take their summer vacations, that's routinely going to be down. The other factors that are in there, they just add to that. So no, we probably expect Q3 to be lower than Q2 and then Q4 to rebound to a higher level yet, but that would be a more typical seasonality. I don't know, Larry do you have anything to add on U.S.?
Larry Wood: Yes. I think that's right. I think people are still pent up. And if you try to get a hotel reservation or an airline reservation lately, I think people are certainly taking their vacations, right? But I think the good news is the contrast issue, I think, is largely behind us, maybe not 100%, but pretty close. We're not hearing near as much issue with that. So I think getting that behind us is helpful and -- but as Mike said, we typically do see some seasonality in Q3.
Travis Steed: No, that's fair. Thank you. And OUS, it was down sequentially this quarter. I don't think there's anything else to call out that you haven't already called out, but love some more color there. And then, if you look at PASCAL and the benefits that you see there versus competitive device. I'm just curious if you look at how everything is designed, the product's design, if you think there's, a way you could potentially compete clinically with a competitive device or if there's other ways that you plan to compete there?
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Actually, so I'm not under the impression that we were down sequentially in Q2. Maybe that could be a byproduct of a foreign exchange and that may be what you're seeing. But on an underlying basis, actually, there was sequential growth. Bernard, do you want to jump on the second part of the question?
Bernard Zovighian: Yes. So on PASCAL, let me address two things. One is maybe the second half of the year and a little bit about PASCAL, the benefit of the device. So second half of the year, we are going to continue executing our strategy opening more sites in Germany, outside of Germany, driving the adoption of PASCAL with our high-touch model. And what we see, obviously, in Europe is that we have a differentiated device. We are very pleased with the kind of patient outcome we are having. But obviously, at TCT with the first of its kind CLASP II randomized study, this is going to inform us, inform the medical community about the difference between the two devices, Tier overall, so a lot of learning coming from the TCT presentation here.
Travis Steed: Great. And I'll recheck my model on the Q2 thing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Suraj Kalia with Oppenheimer. Please state your question.
Suraj Kalia: Good afternoon everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Mike, Larry, in terms of low-risk symptomatic aortic stenosis, right, a number of patients are bicuspid. And I'm curious about the bicuspid registry in ALLIANCE, why so now? And also the 915 patient size, it's a single-arm study. So any additional color would be greatly appreciated.
Mike Mussallem: On clintrials.gov, I think the 900-plus number relates to the primary cohort along with the registry with the registries that we have. We try to study all, sort of, the adjacencies bicuspid. We try to study the valve and valve things, all the different ways in which our platform gets used because it's quite versatile. So we -- some of those registries lag a little bit starting the original cohort, but they usually come on and so I think that's what's reflected in the numbers there. Bicuspid patients require, sort of, a different level of screening anatomically. So we tend to run those in a separate registry so that we can report on them separately. But then we have the primary cohort for all the patients. But I believe this trial is pretty much in a near all-comer trial. I don't think we're limited to just low-risk patients. So it's going to be pretty much a real-world trial on how this technology performs.
Suraj Kalia: Fair enough. And Larry, Mike again, last question, I'll hop back in queue. Maybe you all could give us some guidepost in Japan. Our understanding is TAVR is annualizing somewhere 25,000 to 30,000 cases across 250 or so sites. I'd love to get some perspective of where Edwards stacks up in Japan so that we can strip out that contribution? Thank you for taking my questions.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for that. I don't know that I have the level of detail to be able to fully satisfy your question. Indeed, like most places around the world, we're very proud to be market leaders. But there's still a lot of work for us to do in Japan. They have an elderly population. And even though we've enjoyed some really nice growth over the last couple of years, we should be getting that kind of growth because there's that under treatment rate is significant. We've been buoyed over the past year or so by the addition of hospitals, which has been very helpful. It had been originally more restricted in Japan, and so that's grown, and that's been a contributor as well. Larry, do you have anything to add to that?
Larry Wood: Yes. You know, Japan has been a little bit unique in terms of how the markets develop. In the other markets, we sort of went from this high risk to this intermediate risk to these low-risk approvals. And in Japan, we went directly from high risk and kind of almost inoperable immediately to low risk. So it's taking time for people to adjust to, sort of, that new normal because it's a much bigger step function. But Mike is absolutely right. In terms of the number of elderly patients there and the opportunity there, even though we've enjoyed pretty robust growth there, the opportunity there remains large.1
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ed Ridley with Redburn. Please state your question.
Ed Ridley: Good evening. Thanks very much. Just a couple of follow-ups, please. First of all, on the contrast media shortage. Scott, thanks for your comments. Could you just quantify the impact in the quarter? That would be helpful. And it's obviously good to hear that it's pretty much behind you. Also, I had a question on capital investment from the hospitals. We heard differing comments from different management teams during this -- the last couple of weeks on whether or not there is pressure on CapEx spending, particularly in the U.S. And I was wondering if there had been any effects on Critical Care or whether you're seeing any signs of that? Thank you.
Scott Ullem: Okay. Well, thanks. On the contrast media, I don't know that I can specifically characterize the size. As Larry mentioned, we saw it more in smaller hospitals. We saw more early in the quarter anticipate. Do we think it had an impact on Q2, we do. But it was a smaller impact than overall hospital staffing. So you can almost think of it as an 80-20 thing, something like that. Contrast Media was relatively small by comparison. On the capital spending trends, our only lens that is the Critical Care business. So compared to some others in the medtech industry, they may have a better handle on this because they are more exclusively capital. We're in a very limited segment and it's hard for us to know whether it's the capital budget in hospitals, our own performance, we've had pretty significant demand and we've been able to meet that. And we continue to be pleased with the pipeline of orders that are ahead. So we feel pretty good about the really being capital spending. It's nothing like it was when it was constrained early on in the pandemic, we feel like hospitals are indeed spending, at least from our narrow perspective.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Plovanic with Canaccord. Please state your question.
Bill Plovanic: Good evening. My first question is, in terms of the U.S. TAVR and the number of centers I think on the fourth quarter call, you said you had about 850 centers. I was wondering where you ended at the end of June? And kind of how should we think about center growth going forward? And then my second question is just on your SG&A spend was pretty high. It's a big jump sequentially. And I guess is a lot of that kind of the prebuild or the build of the infrastructure for PASCAL? And thanks for taking my questions 
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Maybe I'll start out here. In terms of U.S. TAVR centers, yes, the addition centers wasn't necessarily a big deal in terms of a growth driver. Larry, you might be able to characterize it more growth come from large centers or smaller centers this last quarter.
Larry Wood: Well, it's sort of two things, right? So in terms of -- when we add new centers, all the cases they do are pretty much add to the growth. But the new centers that we had at this point in time to much smaller programs and they're a little slower than So they're not a huge part of our overall growth story. But one of the things that we do try to keep an eye on is what's happening in the larger programs versus the smaller programs. We have seen a little bit of a trend where when COVID cases start increasing and the variants come on, we tend to see a little bit more growth in the smaller programs. And I think that's staying closer to home. A lot of our big programs, maybe people will travel longer distances and they may be a little bit more reluctant to do so when COVID cases are up. So we've seen that dynamic as COVID has risen and fallen and I don't think this quarter was any different.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Larry. Scott, do you want to comment on the SG&A?
Scott Ullem: Sure. Bill, on SG&A, it was pretty close to what we expected, actually. Remember, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we ended up having pretty high SG&A relative to our plans. It ended up being lower as a result in the first quarter. So it might have looked like a bigger jump just artificially because of the timing and sequencing of Q4 to Q1. But year-over-year in the second quarter, SG&A grew high single digits, pretty close to what we expected. You're right that we are investing pretty aggressively for long-term positioning of TAVR and TMTT in particular, both outside of the U.S. and in the U.S. So we're feeling good about where we are just in terms of our overall SG&A load.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Maeder with Piper Sandler. Please state your question.
Adam Maeder: Hi, good afternoon. And thanks for taking the questions. I'll keep it to just one. Maybe just on a bulk tricuspid, would love to get some additional color there. It sounds like you're still hopeful that, that product could come to market in Europe by year-end 2022. Just what are the expectations in the marketplace? And then just more broadly, how do you think about the repair versus replacement debate in the tricuspid setting? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks very much for that, Adam. Indeed, you did read correctly into our comments that we have introduced some uncertainty into whether we actually will get EVOQUE approved by the end of the year for CE Mark. Bernard, do you want to talk a little bit more about that?
Bernard Zovighian: Yes, Mike. So as you know, there is a new process in Europe called MDR. And MDR, it is very -- it is probably more uncertain for very novel breakthrough technologies like EVOQUE. It is new, so they are looking at it. They might ask more clinical data, maybe even randomized data, who knows. So that's basically what we are facing right now. We are obviously partnering with our notified body to make sure they get the need to make an approval here. So now your second question is about repair versus replacement. We believe that we see value in both. I think Mike talked about what we presented at ECC and EuroPCR, where our PASCAL tricuspid CLASP study we are presented. It is a single arm study, and it shows some benefit for patients. And also, we are very excited about the kind of outcome we are having with EVOQUE. So we believe that we have value for both, and it will depend on the patient, patient anatomy, how sick they are.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen. Please state your question.
Josh Jennings: Hi. Good evening. Thanks gentlemen. And I wanted to just ask two kind of market size questions. First, just on the U.S. degenerative mitigation opportunity. I think Abbott's cited about 70,000 patients per year number, and then building a TAM from there. This is specifically for degenerative MR. I mean some of our consultants have cited some bigger numbers, but I don't want to front run your investor event at TCT later in the year. But any initial thoughts before getting into the U.S. market just on the size of the generative MR opportunity? And a similar question for tricuspid, just a little more maybe globally, similar line of inquiry just consultants sharing that tricuspid case volumes could be very strong and ultimate patient opportunity large and tricuspid could be $1 billion-plus global opportunity, but I wanted to get your thoughts on both of those two procedures. Thanks.
Bernard Zovighian: Thank you. So let me start by saying that we believe that there are many patients in it, many mitral patients, many tricuspid patients in need and that mitral is probably a little larger than tricuspid from an opportunity standpoint, at least at this point. Having said that, to comment on the U.S. DMR opportunity, we are not yet in the U.S. So Abbott is probably the best positioned to talk about how big is the market, the number of cases because we are not yet in this market.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, I will now hand the floor back to management for closing remarks.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and Mark and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences First Quarter 2022 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.  Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Diego, and thank you all for joining us this afternoon. With me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released first quarter 2022 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial statements and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to: financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities; regulatory approvals; clinical trials; litigation; reimbursement; competitive matters; and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important safety information may be found in the press release, our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. Finally, a quick reminder that when using the terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are included in today's press release. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Mark. Let me begin by saying I remain very proud of our team's steadfast dedication to our patient focused strategy. Throughout the first quarter, our supply chain delivered, and our field team continued to support the skilled clinicians and patients who count on Edwards. We continue to believe that 2022 will be an important year for Edwards Lifesciences as we expect low double-digit sales growth and meaningful progress on our pursuit of significant opportunities to improve patient care. Looking beyond 2022, we remain confident in our long-term strategy and our pipeline of innovative therapies. Our patient focused culture drives us and motivates our employees around the world, and our R&D targets breakthrough therapies that can create significant value for patients and health systems, enabling strong organic sales growth. As we're hopeful, the worst of the pandemic is behind us, we're constantly reminded of the importance of our work as we pursue solutions for cardiovascular disease, which continues to be the number one killer in the U.S and the world well ahead of cancer and other deadly conditions. Turning now to our first quarter financial results. Sales of $1.3 billion, increased 13% on a constant currency basis versus the year ago period. Despite the impact that Omicron had on hospital capacity, resources and procedure volumes in January, especially in the U.S., Q1 global sales were moderately better than our expectations. Sales were lifted by performance outside the U.S where we experienced a less pronounced impact from the pandemic. Underlying sales growth was double-digit across all regions and benefited from improving trends as we progress through the first quarter. In TAVR, first quarter global sales were $881 million, an increase of 14% on an underlying basis with continued strong growth outside the U.S. We estimate that global TAVR procedure growth was comparable with our own growth, and average selling prices were stable globally. In the U.S., our first quarter TAVR sales grew approximately 10% versus the prior year, and we estimate total procedure growth was comparable. TAVR adoption was broad based across hospitals, and our SAPIEN valves continue to demonstrate distinguished clinical performance. Outside the U.S., in the first quarter, our underlying TAVR sales grew approximately 20% on a year-over-year basis, and we estimate total procedure growth was comparable. We continue to see excellent opportunities for OUS growth, as international adoption of TAVR therapy remains low. In Europe, Edward sales growth was driven by the continued strong adoption of our SAPIEN platform and was broad based across all countries. Our treatment rates recovered nicely throughout the quarter, although they differ by country, reflecting variable COVID impacts. We estimate that our competitive position was stable. In Japan, we also experienced strong TAVR adoption and the number of TAVR procedures performed exceeded surgical aortic valve replacement. Following reimbursement approval last year for the treatment of patients at low surgical risk, we remain focused on expanding the availability of TAVR therapy throughout the country. And broadly across the globe, we continue to see encouraging TAVR adoption in many underpenetrated countries. In addition to geographic expansion, we remain focused on helping more patients gain access to TAVR therapy. In Q1, we continue to advance two pivotal trials aimed at expanding indication. First, our early TAVR trial for the large group of patients with severe AS and no diagnosed symptoms. And second, our PROGRESS trial that is evaluating patients with moderate AS, which represents a group that is much larger than those with severe AS. We also remain on track to begin treating patients this quarter in our ALLIANCE pivotal trial for our next generation TAVR technology SAPIEN X4. In summary, assuming no new COVID headwinds and a gradual improvement in U.S hospital staffing shortages throughout the year, we continue to plan for underlying TAVR sales growth to be in the range of 12% to 15%. We remain confident that this large global opportunity will double to $10 billion by 2028, which implies a compounded annual growth rate in the low double-digit range. Now turning to TMTT. To transform patient care and unlock the significant long-term growth opportunity, we continue to make steady progress on three key value drivers, a portfolio of differentiated therapies, positive pivotal trial results to support approvals and adoption and favorable real world clinical outcomes. We are pleased with our high procedural success rates, and we continued our strong momentum with more patients than ever treated with our TMTT technologies this quarter. In mitral repair, we continue to achieve excellent clinical outcomes with PASCAL as we expand commercially and treat more patients in Europe. We remain on track for U.S approval of PASCAL Precision for patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation late this year, supported by our Class IID pivotal trial. We continue to advance the enrollment of CLASP IIF pivotal study for patients with functional mitral regurgitation. And later this year, we expect European approval of our new PASCAL Precision system, which is engineered for enhanced navigation and an intuitive user experience extending our differentiated platform. In mitral replacement, we continue to broaden our experience with both of our transcatheter mitral replacement technologies through the ENCIRCLE pivotal trial for SAPIEN M3 and the MISCEND study EVOQUE Eos. This early experience with these sub 30 French transfemoral therapies gives us confidence that these platforms have the potential to transform treatment for the many patients in need. Turning to transcatheter tricuspid therapies. As we continue to build a body of clinical evidence for PASCAL in the tricuspid position, we're pleased with the recently presented late breaking data at the ACC meeting last month. We are encouraged by the sustained significant reduction in tricuspid regurgitation and improvements in quality-of-life measures experienced by patients and look forward to bringing additional clinical evidence through our Class IITR pivotal trial which is currently enrolling. In addition, we continue to make progress in enrolling our TRISCEND II pivotal trial of the EVOQUE system. We expect a late 2022 approval for EVOQUE tricuspid replacement in Europe, and remain committed to providing solutions for these patients who have a very poor prognosis and few treatment options today. Turning to our results, first quarter global TMTT sales were $27 million driven by the continued adoption of the PASCAL platform in Europe. Although there was an impact from COVID early in the quarter, we exited march with positive momentum. As we expand in Europe, physicians continue to achieve high procedural success rates and excellent clinical outcomes. Assuming a diminishing COVID-related impact, we are planning a gradual ramp in Q2 and a significant acceleration in the second half of the year to reach our 2022 sales guidance of $140 million to $170 million. We look forward to continuing our progress toward advancing our vision to transform the lives of patients with mitral and tricuspid valve disease. In Surgical Structural Heart, the first quarter 2022 global sales of $221 million increased 6% on an underlying basis over the prior year. Despite a soft start to the year associated with COVID, we were encouraged by the steady improvement across most regions over the course of the quarter driven by increased penetration of premium technologies and procedure growth. Although hospital staffing shortages remain a concern, we believe that lifesaving surgical therapies continued to be prioritized. At the end of March, we announced the U.S FDA approval and commercial launch of our e MITRIS RESILIA valve, which adds to the portfolio of durable RESILIA tissue products with a valve designed for the heart's mitral position. Built upon previous generations of proven mitral valve technology, MITRIS offers greater ease of use and is designed to facilitate potential future transcatheter interventions. Today, nearly 60% of the world's surgical mitral valves are mechanical. RESILIA tissue should allow patients to thrive without the quality-of-life compromises that may come from having a mechanical valve. Initial feedback from U.S surgeons has been very positive. In summary, we remain confident that our full year 2022 underlying sales growth will be in the mid-single-digit range for a surgical structural heart driven by market adoption of our newest premium technologies. In Critical Care, first quarter sales of $212 million increased 11% on an underlying basis, driven by balanced contributions from all product lines. Demand for our state-of-the-art hemisphere monitoring platform remains strong and lifted our sales. Our broad portfolio of smart recovery sensors and our TruWave disposable pressure monitoring devices supported the increased number of patients in the ICU in the first quarter. Additionally, we continued enrollment in the HPI SMART-BP trial focused on generating additional clinical evidence to support the adoption of our Hypotension Predictive Index software. In summary, we continue to expect mid-single-digit underlying sales growth for 2022, which are moderated by the strong prior year comparisons over the remainder of the year. We remain excited about our pipeline of Critical Care Innovations as we continue to shift our focus to Smart Recovery technologies designed to help clinicians make better decisions for their patients. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thanks, Mike. We are encouraged by our start to the year. Despite the impact from Omicron early in the quarter, all product groups performed well and sales were balanced across all regions. We achieved total sales in the quarter of $1.341 billion, which represents 12.7% year-over-year underlying growth. This strong sales performance fell through to our operating income, and we achieved adjusted earnings per share of $0.60. Assuming no new COVID headwinds, and a gradual improvement in U.S hospital staffing shortages, we're projecting second quarter sales to be between $1.36 billion and $1.44 billion, which represents sequential organic growth from the first quarter partially offset by foreign exchange headwinds. We expect our year-over-year sales growth in the second quarter to be our lowest of the year, given our strong prior year sales performance. We were also projecting second quarter adjusted earnings per share of $0.61 to $0.69. Although we haven't fully overcome the January Omicron impact, we are maintaining all of our previous full year sales guidance ranges for 2022, despite more pronounced foreign exchange headwinds and COVID-related hospital staffing challenges in the U.S. As a reminder, for total Edwards, we expect sales of $5.5 billion to $6 billion; for TAVR $3.7 billion to $4.0 billion; for TMTT $140 million to $170 million; for Surgical Structural Heart $870 million to $950 million; and for Critical Care $820 million to $900 million. We're also maintaining our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance of $2.50 to $2.65, representing mid-teens growth over 2021. And now I will cover additional details of our results. For the first quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 77.8% compared to 76.0% in the same period last year. As we expected, this improvement was driven by the positive impact from foreign exchange, primarily the strengthening of the dollar against the euro and the yen. We continue to expect our full year 2022 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 78% and 79%. This guidance range reflects our assumptions of a favorable impact from foreign exchange hedged gains and improved product mix and partially offset by supply chain inflationary pressures. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were $370 million or 27.6% of sales, reflecting field-based personnel-related costs and commercial activities in support of our growth. We continue to expect full year 2022 SG&A as a percentage of sales to be between 28% and 30% as we continue to invest in our high touch model for TAVR, and ongoing build out of the TMTT commercial team. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 10% to $229 million, or 17% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in are transcatheter innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. For the full year 2022, we continue to expect R&D to be 17% to 18% of sales, as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence to support TAVR and TMTT. Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 14.3% or 14.4%, excluding the impact of special items. This is slightly higher than the midpoint of our full year guidance range, because it included the unplanned impact of U.S tax regulations published in Q1. These regulations potentially limit the amount of foreign taxes that are creditable against U.S income taxes. We continue to expect our full year tax rate excluding special items to be 11% to 15%, including an estimated benefit of three percentage points from stock-based compensation accounting. Foreign exchange rates decreased our first quarter reported sales growth by 2.5 percentage points, or $27 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect an approximate $170 million negative impact, or about 3% to full year 2022 sales compared to 2021 versus our previous expectation of a $100 million negative impact. We forecast this additional $70 million negative impact to sales will occur over the remainder of the year. FX rates positively impacted our first quarter gross profit margin by 240 basis points compared to the prior year. Although this benefits our operating margin rate relative to our January guidance, FX rates had a minimal impact on first quarter earnings per share. As we mentioned at the Investor conference, in periods of a strengthening dollar like this, sales are negatively impacted, but as a result of financial and natural hedges margin rates benefit resulting in little impacts to the bottom line. At current rates, our operating margin in 2022 is benefiting by approximately 200 basis points from foreign exchange. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $221 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $294 million, less capital spending of $73 million. We continue to expect full year 2022 free cash flow will be between $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion. This includes approximately $200 million of accelerated tax payments due to a change in the tax treatment of research and development expenses. Before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet and share repurchase activities. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $1.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of March 31, 2022. In the first quarter, we repurchased approximately $400 million in stock through an accelerated share repurchase agreement and pre-established 10b5-1 programs. As a result, average diluted shares outstanding during the quarter declined by approximately 3 million to 629 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2022 to be between 630 million to 635 million. And with that, I'll pass it back over to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. So we're confident in our long-term outlook for strong sales growth and our teams remain passionate about helping more patients around the world. We continue to focus on driving organic growth with leading innovative technologies, while aggressively investing in our future. Our foundation of leadership coupled with a robust product pipeline positions us well for continued long-term success and greater shareholder value as we pursue significant opportunities to improve patients' lives. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks a lot, Mike. With that we're ready to take questions. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego?
Operator:  Our first question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question, and congratulations on a nice start to the year. Just two for me. One, just on the progress to the recovery, and one on the guidance. I'll ask them both up front. So, for Mike, just a little more color on the recovery and what you're seeing in March and April, in the different geographies, particularly in your TAVR business. And Scott, regarding the guidance, should we still -- should we be thinking about the midpoint of the revenue range or a little bit lower because of the currency -- incremental currency impact? And regarding Q2, Scott, I heard your comment, it looks like about 6% underlying growth, assuming an FX headwind of about 4%. But it's only up about 4% sequentially, which seems conservative based on the historical quarter-over-quarter trends, and the Omicron impact you talked about in January. So just help us understand how you're thinking about the year and Q2? Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Larry. So let me start out with the progress of the recovery. It's a little different, obviously, when you go around the globe. And I think the recovery that I'll talk about first is the U.S recovery, and I think that probably has the biggest impact on Edwards results and why it would be meaningful. Big picture, we're not sure that U.S hospitals have really fully recovered from COVID. There's still a bit of a hangover of protocols. And, more importantly, we -- this issue that relates to the significant labor crunch and churn in the workforce is meaningful. Those workforce shortages are real. They're having an effect on staffing and their costs and they're just in the front of mind of a lot of the health care industry. And some of this is churn, and some of this is just openings that are yet to be filled. Now in our conversation with hospital executives, systems are aggressively working to address these challenges and they expect the dynamic to improve, but we're anticipating gradual improvement in our forecasts. And I'd say overall, Edwards procedure growth, we've fared pretty well on a relative basis. We're mindful that these systems have been extraordinarily challenged, but we're still able to grow pretty handily in this tough environment.
Scott Ullem: Larry, on your second question regarding guidance, we always guide people to the middle of a range just for modeling purposes. So, at 13.60, or $1.360 billion to $1.440 billion, the midpoint of that is $1.4 billion. So that's a good modeling assumption. Your math is right, which is year-over-year underlying growth for Q2 with that range is in the range of about 5.5%. And yes, it's 4.4% of these exchange rates sequentially from Q1. So sequentially up from Q1. And really for the full year, it doesn't change our underlying growth rate and our guidance of low double digits. And so, while FX is impacting our dollar guidance ranges, it hasn't had a big impact to our underlying growth expectations.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Robbie Marcus: Hey, thanks a lot. I'll add my congratulations on a nice start to the year as well. Maybe a follow-up on Larry's question. I was hoping to get a better sense of where some of the bottlenecks are in the patient recovery here. In some of let's call it the easier to schedule and diagnose procedures, we're seeing a little faster recovery or maybe a little more positive commentary. So, maybe walk us through where you're seeing the biggest bottlenecks here. And I imagine it's not a patient demand issue, it's probably more a logistics issue. So, I think that'd be helpful just to hear from you. Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Yes, thanks, Robbie. We don't have perfect visibility into the patient funnel. It's just kind of limited and we get a lot of our data from conversations with health care providers and our own frontline clinical specialists that really helped give us some perspective. And certainly, we believe that there's a small COVID-related backlog at this point, but we think that that's relatively small by compare, because I think the positive experience the clinical outcomes that people are having, but this is a story yet to be told. And so, we're going to have to live this one.
Robbie Marcus: That's it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Matt Miksic: Hi. Thanks so much for taking the question. So maybe just one if I could on TAVR centers, where you stand now. I know, we're sort of getting to maybe capacity of potential centers in the U.S. So, where you're at now and what the pace of new centers looked like, and then I just have one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Yes, we think at this point, we're starting to approach about 850 centers in the U.S. And at this point, it's possible for there to be additional centers added, we still have some centers that approach us, but we think are going to be relatively few at this point. And we also think that they're going to probably tend to be smaller centers, and probably not have a dramatic impact on the overall numbers. But hopefully that gives you a sense of where we're at and what we're projecting.
Matt Miksic: Sure. Yes, no, that's super helpful. And then on sort of just the TAVR capacity, I know you've labor intensive model, you've been expanding, obviously in investing, maybe, or Mike or Scott, if you could talk about what the pace of capacity build out looks like, compared to last year, maybe what it looks like this year going forward?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, it's easy to get lost in the pandemic, because we've had so many ups and downs. Maybe what I'll do is just remind you of what the company has been able to do over this period since 2019. And if you look at -- whether you're looking at the first quarter or full year 2022, we're looking at a 10% growth rate compounded annual growth rate. So, 10% each year from 2019 to now -- so 3 years, which gives you a sense that even with all of the constraints and incredible distractions and all the pressures that have been on systems, there's been a pretty continuous lifting of the TAVR treatment rates. And again, TAVR is a little faster than the rest of the company. But I don't have that number handy. But hopefully that gives you a sense for it's been happening on a pretty steady basis, and we expect the system to continue to adapt and evolve and add capacity. Although we don't expect it to happen kind of overnight, it will be more gradual nature.
Matt Miksic: Super. Thanks so much, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Plovanic with Canaccord. Please state your question.
William Plovanic: Great. Thanks. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to circle back on one of the comments just on the international TAVR business, I think, approaching 20%. I'd be a little surprised that, that would be a pretty significant change for Europe, if it's starting to approach 20%. I'm just wondering if you could give us a little more clarity on kind of how that -- that growth rate between Europe, Japan and maybe rest of the world looks? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, we typically don't give country-by-country growth rates. But that we did experience 20% constant currency growth outside the U.S. And that most of the geographies around the world were all in that 20% range and that included Europe and Japan, and other places in the world were dramatically under penetrated. So, all that is a big positive. In the case of Europe, it was broad based across many countries. I mean, every country just grew in the first quarter. Now some of that might have been the fact that it was a little tougher last year, but nonetheless, it was very impressive to us and here it is a product that was launched in 2007. Now it's 15 years later and still growing at this kind of pace, tells you that in some ways the system is still catching up with what the demand is -- that's out there, and what gives us optimism for the future. So, on a long-term basis, do we expect Europe to grow 20%? No, we don't. But we'd be very pleased if Europe can continue to be an important contributor to growth. We haven't tried to parse long-term growth rates out, but I have to tell you that it's exceeded our expectations in the recent past.
Scott Ullem: I just add to that, Mike, one of the benefits of having this now significant TAVR business with a global footprint is we do have different regions contributing to growth at different times. And so, we've got new technologies that get introduced to different markets, new indications that are issued on TAVR devices in different markets. And so, it really helps to have this broad footprint. And if one business is performing, maybe not as weak -- not as strong in one period, then that could be offset by another region that is.
William Plovanic: Excellent. Thanks. And then if I could just on the U.S., I mean, I think is we're looking at the comp seem pretty tough as we get into Q2 on U.S TAVR. U.S., the first quarter for U.S was --- felt like it was kind of flattish sequentially. And I'm just trying to figure out, do you expect something similar that you're seeing into the TMTT is where we'll get more of a kind of keep recovering in Q2 on TAVR. And then maybe that really steps up as we get into the back half of the year, even in the U.S. Is that how we should think about it?
Mike Mussallem: Well, your point is a good one about tough comp in Q2 for TAVR. We saw a really strong growth. I mean, it was mind boggling, something that we didn't expect Q2 of last year. Now having said that, so we expect a real step up in our Q2 sales in TAVR. Again, we're going to see what we think is probably an all-time record for TMTT in the second quarter as well. But we say TMTT is really going to take off in the second half. TAVR is not going to come down probably from Q2. We expect that probably to just continue to increase, be a little stronger in Q3 and stronger yet in Q4. So, we expect a continuous ramp there of really setting all-time highs.
William Plovanic: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Shagun Singh with RBC Capital Markets. Please state your question.
Shagun Singh: Thank you for taking the questions. Mike and Scott, I just wanted to ask the guidance question in a different way. So, your Q1 results and Q2 guidance, it does imply a pretty substantial improvement in the back half. And you've kept your guidance intact since December 9, despite a pretty dramatic shift in the operating environment, just given Omicron inflation, supply disruptions, staffing shortages, worse FX environment. And so, I'm just wondering, what's improved on an underlying basis since your December outlook? Is it International TAVR, TMTT? Or was your guidance just conservative?
Scott Ullem: Thats a good question. Back in December, it was before Omicron had really been introduced in the U.S., and we're still seeing Delta in Europe, but in January, we saw a pretty noticeable impact of Omicron in the U.S. And we talked about a little bit on the fourth quarter call. We talked -- say about how conditions generally improved since January. But I don't think we'd say that conditions have improved all the way back to what we still saw back in our December Investor conference. So, things are better, but maybe not all the way back to what we had foreseen back in December at our Investor conference.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, and just a pile on there, and I don't have exact numbers behind this. But even though we've seen a pretty nice recovery here, not sure that the hole that was created for Omicron has been filled at this point. And that's still in the future. So, we have a pretty good-sized guidance range. And so, we continue to feel comfortable that will be within that guidance range. But we haven't fully filled the hole from Omicron yet.
Shagun Singh: Got it. And just to follow-up on capital, can you just comment on the capital environment in 2022, just given the exposure, you have, I guess, on the Critical Care side. But just generally, as you talk to hospital customers, are you worried about a slowing capital purchasing environment, especially in the midst of labor cost inflation and high interest rates that's ongoing? Thank you for taking the questions.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks for the question. We're not maybe the perfect barometer. For capital, we have a pretty good capital business, but it's only about 20% of overall Critical Care. And so, part of what we saw, we saw a pretty good recovery that started last year. Started last year, probably in Q2, and a pretty big capital recovery and part of that's in our comparables when we look at this year. So, we think that that is -- it was been pretty impressive and that we think we expect it to repeat this year, but not be greater than it was last year. It was a pretty -- it was pretty significant last year. And so, from our view, at least the way people are purchasing HemoSpheres, we saw quite a recovery from what we saw in the early days of the pandemic.
Shagun Singh: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Cecilia Furlong: Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask on TMTT guidance for '22 and the expected acceleration in the back half, but really how much of that is coming from current sites and further penetration in the -- in those sites versus either additional site expansion or geographic expansion that you talked about?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, it's a great point. Part of this is not to have COVID interfere. Just it seems as though COVID has traditionally impacted mitral is a little bit more than it has TAVR by comparison just because we still require anesthesia and some ICU stays with the mitral procedure. So, some of it is that, but probably new sites is a bigger contributor than the increased adoption in existing sites. And so hopefully that gives you a little color on what we're expecting.
Cecilia Furlong: That's helpful. And then just in terms of your TMTT, the sales force build out that you've talked about in U.S., can you just walk through where you are at this point and expected future investments over the coming quarters ahead of launch? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, we're in the process of building that U.S field team. And we're building with the idea that we really want to ensure that we do a great job of training our own team, and trainings of physicians, and really doing this in a very deliberate fashion. So, it's going to be a pretty gradual and deliberate build out for us. And we're going to focus on having excellent procedural success and clinical outcomes. And so, we're taking a pretty thoughtful approach to this, rather than broad base. We're going to try and stay in accounts that already do quite a bit of a transcatheter and have real experience in doing it and are likely to be able to attain a high level of competency and maintain that. So hopefully, that gives you some sense of how we're thinking about it.
Cecilia Furlong: Thank you for taking the questions.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Josh Jennings: Hi. Good evening, Mike, Scott and Mark. Just wanted to ask a follow-up on  question pertaining to SAPIEN X. Hopefully, if you could maybe share the drive behind some of the design enhancements so that the  as you start the ALLIANCE trial, with the design enhancements focused on eliminating mild PVL facilitating future TAVR and TAVR procedures or coronary access or anything you can share would be helpful. And my follow-up is just on the Alterra Transcatheter Pulmonary valve, the Medtronic Harmony  valve recall today was announced or at least hit the tape. How big is that transcatheter pulmonary valve market, and what do you have baked into guidance for Alterra this year? And then could there be upside with this recall? Thanks for taking both questions.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Well, we have -- we certainly have design intent and SAPIEN X4. We believe that it's going to have improved paravalvular leak performance. We also think that it's going to have RESILIA tissue on it, which we think is a big plus and add durability. And it also just has a chance to address some of the variability that's in patients. And so, we think it has a number of advantages and we look forward to trying that out. In terms of the pulmonic opportunity, I really haven't gotten into the news today that's happened on that. We're just now rolling out the Alterra product. We've been pleased with that. This isn't a really large group. I think compared to the overall TAVR market, it probably gets lost in the numbers. It's not really that big of an opportunity, but boy, these are patients that really, really need the help and so we feel a real obligation to be able to help them through a tough time.
Josh Jennings: Understood. Understood. Thank a lot, Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Rick Wise with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Rick Wise: Good afternoon, Mike and Scott. One question for each of you. Mike, you're conveying very clearly your excitement about PASCAL and the acceleration you expect throughout the year. You said it's really going to take off. I was just hoping you could give us a little more color. Is this about the sales force expansion? Is it the number of centers opened, is it about training? All the above I'm sure, but just maybe help us better understand the fundamentals behind your optimism?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Rick. Well, maybe it's something that just a clarifying point is, remember, we're just selling in Europe at this point.
Rick Wise: Exactly.
Mike Mussallem: And so, when you talk about this transcatheter edge-to-edge therapy, the supporting evidence in Europe hasn't been overwhelmingly positive, it's been somewhat mixed. And so that's led to a growth rate in Europe, that's been probably less than what it should be. And we think there's going to be a real contribution when the family of class trials become apparent, we think has a chance to really lift market adoption. And that's going to be one of the pluses. And then as I said earlier, adding new sites is going to be a positive us growing, the team is going to be positive and all those are going to be additional add ons.
Rick Wise: Great. And maybe just last for me and I'm guessing this for Scott. You bought $400 million worth of stock, clearly balance sheets in excellent shape, free cash flow strong. Given the market, the pressure is on the group on Edwards stock price, what's your appetite now? How are you thinking about stock repo as we move through the second quarter? And is there anything else on your mind from a cash use perspective? Thank you so much.
Scott Ullem: Sure. Thanks for the question. Thanks for bringing us home a little bit over the time. So, I'll try to go quickly here. But our cash priorities have not changed at all. First and foremost, we invest in the business. But eventually, we're also going to end up with a lot of cash. And we intend to at least offset the impact of incentive compensation dilution. But beyond that, we've been gradually over time buying down the overall share count. And we're going to continue to look for opportunities to do that. We got off to a good start with a $400 million repurchase this year, we'd like where the stock was from a repurchase standpoint. And we still have over $700 million left in repurchase authorization. So, you should expect that that's going to be just part of our long-term capital deployment plan.
Rick Wise: Thank you so much.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Thanks so much for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and Mark and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone later on.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Fourth Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.  Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Diego, and thank you all for joining us this afternoon. With me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, our Chief Financial Officer. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards released fourth quarter 2021 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to: financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities; regulatory approvals; clinical trials; litigation; reimbursement; competitive matters; and foreign currency fluctuations. These speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update these statements after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important safety information may be found in the press release, our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. Finally, a quick reminder that when using the terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are included in today's press release. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Mike Mussallem for his comments. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Mark. Were proud of our performance in 2021. Although, hospitals continued to be impacted by COVID, it was a year of significant milestones and investment for Edwards and our teams were relentless. In TAVR, we made important strides in executing our long-term strategy. In particular, we invested in increasing awareness, pursued further therapy expansion and advance new technologies. We completed enrollment of the EARLY TAVR trial, an important pivotal study studying the treatment of severe aortic stenosis patients before their symptoms develop. Separately, we initiated enrollment in our PROGRESS trial for moderate AS patients, and we received FDA approval for our ALLIANCE pivotal trial to start our next-generation TAVR technology, SAPIEN X4. In TMTT, we achieved our significant 2021 milestones, as we continue to make meaningful progress on advancing our three key value drivers: a portfolio of pioneering therapies for patients; positive pivotal trial results to support approvals and adoption; and favorable real-world clinical outcomes. We are pleased to have treated over 3,000 patients in 2021 with our differentiated portfolio of TMTT therapies, gaining valuable learnings through both our clinical and commercial experiences. Each of our platforms demonstrated promising outcomes and clinical performance. I'm also pleased to announce that we completed enrollment of our CLASP IID pivotal trial in 2021, an important milestone that keeps us on track for U.S. approval late this year. In Surgical Structural Heart, we extended our leadership position through the adoption of our premium technologies. We also implemented valuable additions to our smart monitoring advancements in critical care. Most importantly in 2021, even more patients benefited from Edwards' life-saving technologies than ever before. I'm also proud to say that throughout the year, our employees remain dedicated to keeping our commitments to patients and to one another. Despite the ongoing pandemic that fueled global challenges, our employees found innovative ways to support hospital procedures and to ensure our ability to supply our life-saving therapies was not impacted. And through their efforts, we were able to get our technologies into the hands of our trusted partners around the world so they could serve their patients. Now I'd like to cover several 2021 financial highlights before I get into the quarterly details. In 2021, we are pleased to achieve all of our key financial expectations. Underlying sales increased 18% to $5.2 billion, driven by balanced organic sales growth in each region. We achieved 19% growth in adjusted earnings per share, while also increasing R&D, 19%. The significant increase in R&D and infrastructure investments this year helped strengthen our long-term outlook. And as you heard at our investor conference last month, we are as convinced as ever about the tremendous opportunity we have to enhance patients' lives and bring significant value to the health care system. Turning to our financial results. Fourth quarter sales of $1.3 billion increased 13% on a constant currency basis versus the year ago period. Growth was driven by our portfolio of innovative technologies, although at the lower end of our October expectations due to the pronounced impact of Omicron on hospital resources in December, especially in the US. Full year 2021 global TAVR sales of $3.4 billion increased 18% on an underlying basis versus the prior year. Despite intermittent challenges associated with the pandemic throughout the year, sales were in line with our original guidance of $3.2 billion to $3.6 billion and were driven by increased awareness of the benefits of TAVR therapy with our SAPIEN platform. In the fourth quarter, our global TAVR sales were $872 million, an increase of 13% on an underlying basis, with impressive strength outside the US. We estimate global TAVR procedure growth was comparable with our growth. And globally, average selling prices were stable as we maintained our disciplined pricing strategy. In the US, our TAVR sales grew 10% year-over-year in the fourth quarter, and we estimate that our share of procedures was stable. As previously mentioned, the Omicron variant had a noticeable impact on hospital resources in December as cases were postponed or limited in a number of hospitals. Growth in the US was highest in small to mid volume centers, which are helping provide access to a broader population of aortic stenosis patients. Outside the US, in the fourth quarter our sales grew approximately 20% year-over-year on an underlying basis and we estimate total TAVR procedure growth was comparable. We continue to be encouraged by the strong international adoption of TAVR broadly in all regions. In Europe, Edwards' growth was in the mid-teens, and we estimate that our competitive position was stable. Growth was broad-based across the region. It's worth noting that a recent cost-effectiveness study demonstrated that TAVR with SAPIEN 3 was economically dominant when compared to surgical aortic valve replacement in treating French patients with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis who are at low surgical mortality -- who are at low risk of surgical mortality. We're also encouraged by the recently published guidelines from the European Association of Cardiothoracic Surgery, which now definitively recommend TAVR for patients over 75. We believe both of these developments represents an important long-term opportunity to bring TAVR therapy to even more patients in need. Sales growth in Japan was also strong, where therapy adoption is still relatively low. Several important milestones were achieved in Q4. For the first time, the number of TAVR procedures performed in Japan was comparable with the surgical aortic valve replacements. Furthermore, in each prefecture in Japan, there is now at least one hospital offering SAPIEN. Following the recent reimbursement approval for the treatment of patients at low surgical risk, we remain focused on expanding the availability of TAVR therapy throughout the country. Longer term, we see excellent opportunities for continued OUS growth as we believe global adoption of TAVR therapy remains quite low. In addition to our geographic expansion of our TAVR therapies, we remain focused on indication expansion. In Q4, we completed enrollment of our EARLY-TAVR pivotal trial, which is focused on the treatment of asymptomatic AS patients. Separately, we initiated enrollment in PROGRESS, an important pivotal trial for moderate aortic stenosis to determine the optimal time to treat patients who have this progressive disease. We believe that some patients may benefit from earlier treatment before they have symptoms or before their AS becomes severe rather than risking irreversible damage to their heart as the disease progresses. We also took steps to advance our innovative product portfolio. In Q4, we received FDA approval for our ALLIANCE pivotal trial to study our next-generation TAVR device, SAPIEN X4. Additionally, in Q4, we received FDA approval to use SAPIEN 3 with our Alterra adaptive pre-stent for congenital heart patients. This should result in a quality of life improvement and a reduction in the number of procedures that these younger patients will require over their lifetime. In summary, despite a slower-than-expected start to the year, we continue to anticipate 2022 underlying TAVR sales growth of 12% to 15%, consistent with the range we shared at our December investor conference. Our outlook assumes COVID-related challenges early in 2022, turning to more normalized growth environment as headwinds from Omicron subside and hospital resource constraints stabilize. We remain confident in this large global opportunity will double to $10 billion by 2028, which implies a compounded annual growth rate in the low double-digit range. Turning to TMTT. As I mentioned, in the fourth quarter, we completed enrollment of our Class IID pivotal trial, and we remain on track to present data in the second half of 2022. This important milestone keeps us on track for US approval late this year of PASCAL for patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation. We also continue to expect European approval of our next-generation PASCAL Precision System later this year. At the PCR London Valves conference in Q4, PASCAL 30-day outcomes from our MiCLASP post-market approval study of more than 250 patients in Europe were presented. The data highlighted safe and effective MR reduction in a post-market setting. We also progressed on the enrollment of our CLASP IIF pivotal trial for patients with functional mitral disease. In mitral replacement, we continue to expand our experience with both our transcatheter mitral replacement therapies through the ENCIRCLE pivotal trial for SAPIEN M3 and the MISCEND study for EVOQUE Eos. Early experience with these sub-French transfemoral therapies increase our confidence in both platforms. Turning to transcatheter tricuspid therapies, results from the TRISCEND study were presented at the Annual TCT Conference in November and demonstrated that early patient outcomes with the EVOQUE tricuspid were favorable and sustained at six months. We are encouraged by the procedural success rates and also the significant TR reduction and sustained improvements in quality of life measures experienced by these patients. We continue to make meaningful progress in enrolling our two tricuspid pivotal trials, the TRISCEND II pivotal trial for the EVOQUE system and the CLASP II TR pivotal trial with PASCAL in patients with symptomatic severe tricuspid regurgitation. We anticipate a late 2022 approval of EVOQUE tricuspid in Europe and remain committed to providing solutions for these patients that have very poor prognosis and few treatment options today. Turning to the sales performance of TMTT. Fourth quarter revenue of $25 million grew sequentially from the third quarter, as we saw increased adoption of the PASCAL system despite the negative COVID impact in December. Full year 2021 global sales more than doubled to $86 million. As we continue to expand the availability of PASCAL to more centers in Europe, we are pleased with the excellent outcomes for patients supported by our high-touch model. We look forward to continuing our progress toward advancing our vision to transform the lives of patients with mitral and tricuspid valve disease in 2022, with the milestones that we outlined in our recent investor conference. Despite the COVID impact so far this year, we continue to expect TMTT sales of $140 million to $170 million for 2022. We estimate the global TMTT opportunity will grow to approximately $5 billion by 2028, and we remain committed to bringing our groundbreaking portfolio of therapies to patients with these life-threatening diseases. We are confident our portfolio strategy positions us well for leadership. In Surgical Structural Heart, full year global sales were $889 million, up 15% on an underlying basis versus the prior year. Fourth quarter 2021 global sales of $221 million increased 9% on an underlying basis over the prior year. Although, we saw that hospital staffing shortages continued to worsen throughout the quarter, especially in the US, life-saving surgical therapies continue to be prioritized over elective procedures. We're excited about the continued global adoption of INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic surgical valve, the KONECT RESILIA aortic tissue valve conduit and our MITRIS RESILIA valve. We remain encouraged by the growing evidence that supports Edwards RESILIA tissue valves, including 2 studies being presented at the Society of Thoracic Surgeons Conference this weekend. The COMMENCE study demonstrates excellent hemodynamics of this tissue technology across all aortic valve sizes at 5 years. While a European economic value study shows a cost reduction with the use of INSPIRIS versus mechanical valves. In summary, we continue to expect that our full year 2022 underlying sales growth will be in the mid single digit range for Surgical Structural Heart, driven by adoption of our premium technologies and procedure growth. Even as TAVR adoption expands, we're excited about our ability to provide innovative surgical treatment options for patients, extend our global leadership and be the partner of choice for cardiac surgeons. Turning to Critical Care. Full year global sales of $835 million increased 14% on an underlying basis versus the prior year. 2021 growth was driven by balanced contributions from all product lines led by HemoSphere sales as capital spending resumed. Our TruWave disposable pressure monitoring devices used in the ICU also remained in high demand due to the elevated COVID hospitalizations in both the US and Europe. Fourth quarter Critical Care sales of $212 million increased 8% on an underlying basis, driven by strong demand for HemoSphere. Demand for our broad portfolio of smart recovery sensors also remained robust in the fourth quarter, including ClearSight, our noninvasive finger cuff, which achieved sustained performance at or above pre-COVID levels. As discussed at our recent investor conference, the integration of a full range of technologies creates a unique offering of enhanced recovery tools and predictive analytics capabilities to further strengthen our leadership in hemodynamic monitoring. In summary, we continue to expect mid-single-digit underlying sales growth for 2022, and we remain excited about our pipeline of innovative critical care products. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thanks a lot, Mike. Today, I'll provide a wrap-up of 2021, including detailed results from the fourth quarter as well as provide an update on guidance for the first quarter and full year of this year. Sales in the fourth quarter increased 12.6% on an underlying basis. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.51, and GAAP earnings per share was $0.53. Our fourth quarter sales were negatively impacted by the wave of COVID that began late in the quarter, especially in the US. Earnings per share in the quarter was below our expectations as it was impacted by weaker-than-expected sales and we accelerated certain spending into the fourth quarter of 2021 that we had planned to incur during 2022, including preparation for TMTT product launches. For the full year 2021, we are pleased with our performance as sales increased 18% on an underlying basis to $5.2 billion and adjusted earnings per share grew 19% to $2.22. I'll now cover the details of our results and then discuss guidance for 2022. For the fourth quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 76.8% compared to 75.3% in the same period last year. This increase was primarily driven by a favorable impact from foreign exchange. We continue to expect our full year 2022 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 78% and 79%. This year, our rate should be lifted by a favorable impact from foreign exchange and an improved product mix, partially offset by investments in our manufacturing capacity. Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were $424 million or 31.9% of sales compared to $339 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by the resumption of medical congresses and commercial activities compared to the COVID impacted prior year as well as the addition of personnel in preparation for new product launches. We continue to expect full year 2022 SG&A as a percent of sales, excluding special items, to be between 28% and 30%. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 19% to $233 million or 17.5% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter innovations, including increased TMTT clinical trial activity. For the full year 2022, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be in the 17% to 18% range as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence to support TAVR and TMTT growth. During the fourth quarter, we recorded an $18 million net reduction in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities which benefited earnings per share by $0.03. This gain was excluded from the adjusted earnings per share of $0.51 I mentioned earlier. This reduction reflects an accounting adjustment associated with reduced expectations of making a future milestone payment for a previous acquisition. Turning to taxes, our reported tax rate this quarter was 10.9% or 12.7%, excluding the impact of special items. This rate included an approximate three percentage point benefit from the accounting for stock-based compensation. Our full year 2021 tax rate, excluding special items, was 12.6%. We continue to expect our full year rate in 2022 to be between 11% and 15%, which includes an estimated benefit of three percentage points from stock-based compensation accounting. Foreign exchange rates decreased fourth quarter reported sales by approximately 1% or $10 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect an approximate $100 million negative impact or about 2% to full year 2022 sales as compared to 2021. Foreign exchange rates positively impacted our fourth quarter gross profit margin by 140 basis points compared to the prior year. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was $284 defined as cash flow from operating activities of $374 million, less capital spending of $90 million. Full year 2021 free cash flow was $1.4 billion, up from $734 million in 2020. We continue to expect full year 2022 free cash flow to be between $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion. In 2022, we expect our cash flow will be reduced by approximately $200 million due to a change in tax regulations involving the timing of the deductions for research and development expenses. Turning to the balance sheet. We have a strong balance sheet, with approximately $1.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at the end of the year. Consistent with our practice of opportunistically repurchasing shares, we purchased approximately $100 million during the fourth quarter. We still have remaining share repurchase authorization of $1.1 billion. Average shares outstanding during the fourth quarter were $632 million, relatively consistent with the prior quarter. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2022 to be between $630 million and $635. Before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll finish with financial guidance for 2022. Despite a slow start to the year associated with Omicron's impact on hospital resources, we are planning for conditions to gradually improve and therefore, are maintaining all of our previous sales guidance ranges for 2022. For total Edwards, we continue to expect sales to grow at a low double-digit rate to $5.5 billion to $6 billion. For TAVR, we expect sales of $3.7 billion to $4 billion. And for TMTT, we expect sales of $140 million to $170 million. We expect Surgical Structural Heart sales of $870 million to $950 million and Critical Care sales of $820 million to $900 million. For full year 2022, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share of $2.50 to $2.65. For the first quarter of 2022, we project total sales to be between $1.27 billion and $1.35 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $0.54 to $0.62. And with that, I'll pass it back to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. So in conclusion, we're proud of the significant progress we made in 2021, advancing new transformational therapies and delivering strong financial performance. We expect continued growth and progress in 2022. We are enthusiastic about the continued expansion of catheter-based therapies for the many structural heart patients still in need, which positions us well long-term success. As the global population ages and cardiovascular disease remains the number one largest health burden, we believe the opportunity to serve our patients will nearly double between now and 2028. We are confident that our patient-focused innovation strategy can transform care and bring value to patients and the health care system. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks a lot, Mike. With that, we're ready to take your questions. As a reminder, please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up to allow for broad participation. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego?
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, well be conducting our question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe to start first, a little more color on fourth quarter and first quarter assumptions. US TAVR came in a little lighter than expected, I don't think it's a huge surprise, given all the commentary and trends we're hearing with Omicron late in the quarter. But maybe just walk us through what you saw throughout fourth quarter? What you're seeing in first quarter and what you're assuming for the balance of first quarter?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. So yes, fourth quarter started very nicely. We saw a nice momentum in October and November, and we really saw a very strong impact in December. So, it was primarily focused in the US, and it was centered around really hospital capacity. They really -- they reached their limits in many cases and started deferring procedures. We've seen that continue to lead to a slow start in 2022. So at this point, I would say sales are below what we would have typically expected for a start, probably more in line with the kind of thing that we saw towards the end of December. But having said that, our assumptions are that we're going to see more normalized growth as the hospital resource constraints stabilize. And so as Omicron we think, comes down pretty hard, we think that our full year sales guidance is still in place on our best estimate.
Robbie Marcus: Okay. And then maybe I'll do a follow-up question to that. As we think about the balance of the year, how should we think about the cadence throughout first quarter came in, as you mentioned, under pressure a bit here, lower than where we were thinking. Maybe just walk us through how we should think about as a framework for the rest of the year? And what are the assumptions underlying that? Appreciate it. Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Robbie. It's -- we don't have great visibility to exactly what backlogs look like or what the patient flow might be. So at this point, we assume that many of the patients that are having procedures postponed or deferred are going to come back. It's not clear to us what month or what quarter we're going to see it. In our assumptions, Robbie, is that by the end of the year, that we would see all the COVID-related delays sort of return to the system.
Robbie Marcus: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just to follow up, Mike, on the previous question in Q4. Why was -- it was a tale of two geographies, right? OUS was strong, US was soft. Why do you think the TAVR business was more impacted in the US than OUS? And I had one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks for that, Larry. Yes, there  I think actually it was clearer than you think. Omicron hit the US pretty hard, and it hit it in large population centers. We saw it across the East Coast, we saw it in the Midwest. You know all the places that it was seen. And so we felt a pretty profound impact. In Europe, it was not the case. So although the UK experienced Omicron, most of Continental Europe just didn't see it in Q4. And so it was a very different picture. I think that was the primary reason. Same thing in the rest of the globe, I would argue, right?
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And Mike, just looking ahead, you completed the Class IID trial, which is degenerative MR. Obviously, how do you think physicians will use the product when it's approved? Do you think people will stick to the label? Do you think people will use it off-label for FMR, or do you think -- how do you think people will use it once it's approved for DMR? Thanks for taking the question.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Yes. Thanks very much. You know how we deploy these technologies. We're very hands on with them. We use a high-touch model and really try and guide clinicians to do what's right. So, we expect them clearly to be on label. That's the way that we're going to conduct our business. We're going to roll out to people that have experience that we think are very serious about treating mitral disease. And so we think it's going to be one that stays inbounds.
Larry Biegelsen: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. Mike, maybe on one on the -- just guidance, right, I think, or perhaps a small for Scott question. I think in the past, you guys -- when you've given the guidance you said, look, it's prudent to be at the midpoint of the range. Given Q1 is about $50 million below Street numbers, perhaps, should we be now thinking about bottom half of that range? Would that be more appropriate?
Scott Ullem: Well, yes, Vijay, it's Scott. Thanks for the question. It's a little early to talk about where the full year is going to come in again, just because of the uncertainty of Omicron and how quickly it's going to fall off. Certainly, we feel like early prospects are different than we thought back last month at our investor conference. So, yes, we'd probably model that a little bit lower in the range. But keep in mind, because the fourth quarter came in a little bit lower, that brings us up a little bit in the range. So, still for modeling purposes, the middle of the range is probably a good place to settle.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, I'll just add to that. I mean, if you want to think about some, just watch the impact of the pandemic on the healthcare system and on hospitals in particular. So, if that goes better, then probably has a better chance that our patients flow through faster. And if it's a greater burden have the opposite impact. So, at this point, we still think there's balanced risk in there, but a lot of it is going to depend on whether things transpire the way that we anticipate.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Mike. And maybe one follow-up. I think you call out Europe as mid-teens. Japan up strong double-digits. I'm curious, given at the low-risk approval or I guess the receipt of reimbursement in Japan, were there any stocking orders that benefited Q4, or perhaps is this real underlying procedures in the implications Japan should continue to be strong for the balance of the year?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Vijay. So, no, clearly, what we felt like we saw OUS was not a result of any kind of stocking. These were real procedures that got done and that holds true Europe, Japan or elsewhere outside the US. Was there more to the question than that, Vijay?
Vijay Kumar: No, I was just curious. So, it implies basically Japan now should be strong for the balance of the year under certain variant, I guess?
Mike Mussallem: Well, yes, I mean it's -- it remains to be seen exactly how this variant is going to affect the rest of the world. There's one argument that say, hey, it's a little delayed and so it will come a little bit later. But then again, it may not have the same impact because of a lot of reasons, whether it's seasonality or vaccination rates or their own safety protocols. So, a little tough to predict how it's going to roll out. But overall, we've modeled probably a little more growth OUS than US for 2022.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank. Please state your question.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon or good evening. Thanks for taking the question. I'm interested in the comment that you made, if I heard it correctly, that you accelerated spending in the fourth quarter for TMTT that you had expected in 2022. So that if you're planning for U.S. launch near the end of the year would have been pretty far in advance. So should I assume that's mostly outside the United States? And what was the motivation to accelerate that spending into the fourth quarter?
Scott Ullem: Yes. Thanks, Joanne, for the question. So there are a couple of things going on. And we are continuing to invest in our field force, as we continue to expand to new sites in Europe. And so that's a piece of the spending that we're doing. We're also starting to build resources in the states. So it takes a while to get ready for product launch, and we're taking very seriously getting the right team in place, making sure that training is robust and that we're ready to go when the time comes. There were some other things that happened in terms of just being ready for doing things like grants, market research, some of the patient awareness initiatives and starting to fund those in the fourth quarter is also an important part of teeing up TMTT and TAVR for continued growth in 2022 and beyond.
Joanne Wuensch: Excellent. And then my follow-up question has to do with the backlog. I appreciate a part can measure that. But is there any reason that we shouldn't see patients come back maybe in the second quarter the way we saw last year?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Joanne. We remember that very well as well. We saw some pretty incredible surge that we really didn't expect in the second quarter. But I'll remind you, 2021 was a different picture than right now. It wasnt Omicron. It was a different variant. Hospitals were probably in a little different position. They weren't dealing with the constraints associated with labor. And I think as you know, there's widespread nursing shortages. We think that all gets worked out over time. We think hospitals have a lot of sophistication. They're going to triage their systems and their staffing measures and ultimately find ways to treat the patients that are most in need. So we think that all gets worked out. But whether it pops in Q2, we're more hesitant than that. We really think it's going to be more of a gradual recovery.
Joanne Wuensch: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Crdit Suisse. Please state your question.
Matt Miksic: Hey. Good evening. Thanks for taking the questions. Just -- I know you're getting a lot of questions on capacity and some of the issues that are constraining the market, but on that topic, can you talk maybe just a little bit about some of the things you mentioned, Mike, about the impact of labor constraints on different types of centers and maybe coming at the guidance question from another direction, what gives you the confidence that these things will get better, like that you're not going to be sort of constrained by nursing shortages and staff, et cetera, for the brunt of the year? And I have one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Well, thanks, Matt. And there isn't perfect certainty here, but we get a lot of anecdotal information, and we're obviously very close to our customers. It -- the situation now and as we've gone through it in December and January here, feels very different than the early stages of the pandemic. In the early stages of the pandemic, not only did hospitals sort of shut down and close their doors, but there were patients that were very concerned, that stayed out of the system. And I'll remind you that the patients that Edwards serves are exactly the patients that are most vulnerable to COVID. And so, we sort of had the double whammy, if you will, in 2020. What we feel now is it's less about the patient behavior and more about hospitals' ability to be able to do the cases. So do we hear anecdotal notes and again, I don't have perfect information for you, Matt, but things like hospitals saying, you know what, we're just going to limit to a certain number of procedures per week or we're going to postpone procedures until next month or we're going to involve our Chief Medical Officer, and he's going to look at all the procedures that need to be done and decide in triage them and decide which ones they'll do now and which ones they do later. So you have a variety actions that hospitals are taking. But we think that the patients are there. And so that's why we feel pretty comfortable staying with our current guidance. We don't have perfect visibility, of course, Matt, but that's behind our thinking.
Matt Miksic: Sure. And then just on that same topic of resources. One of the things that you've talked about over the past several years is this shift to more efficient procedures, light sedation and wondering if you're seeing the resource environment drive adoption there, or is that one of the levers that folks are pulling on a little harder to get more patients through the system with fewer resources?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I think the hospitals think about that deeply, Matt, and it is a big plus if they believe that the patients don't need to consume an ICU bed and so forth or even impact hospital occupancy. So, I think it all goes into the math of those folks that are managing hospitals. But even more important for them is they're trying to serve patients properly. They're trying to think about which patients are in greater risk and how to move them through the system. So it's complex and it's highly different from hospital to hospital and region to region, Matt. So it's -- there's a pretty good variance out there, if you will. But in total, I think it's all incorporated in our guidance.
Matt Miksic: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen. Please go ahead with your question. 
Josh Jennings: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. Just two on the CLASS II program. Just first to follow Larrys question. Our checks around from the MitraClip product to approval for FMR. And reimbursement suggested that up to 20% of FMR cases are mixed ideology and have a degenerative component. Mike, just to circle back on your answer about staying on label, were those patients of mixed ideology be on label, if they do have degenerative component?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So I think much of this is going to be physicians making that judgment. And so when it's all -- when it actually comes down to it, the physician is going to be looking at this patient, they're going to realize that our PASCAL device is only approved for degenerative and they'll have to look at this particular patient and use their own judgment. We think, by and large, they're going to stay on label, but as you say, there are mixed patients. And so there's going to be some of that, that I'm sure physicians are going to have to just work through.
Josh Jennings: Great. And then just on the CLASP IID and CLASP IIF, were there any design modifications because of COVID or already prespecified analyses that have been incorporated in the trial design, or because it's their head-to-head trials against MitraClip, that randomization takes any COVID-related risk off the table? Thanks for taking the question.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks very much, Josh. We typically just don't go into some of the particulars associated with the regulatory process. It tends to be complex. There's a lot of nuance to it. And I think it would just be confusing if we went into all that. And so we really -- don't have anything new to share.
Joshua Jennings: Okay. Understood.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Cecilia Furlong: Great. Thank you for taking the questions. I wanted to follow-up and just ask CLASP IIF and CLASP IITR, just what you've seen from an enrollment standpoint recently, and alongside that, how you're thinking about SAPIEN X4 and enrollment in that program commencing?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. So, Cecilia, we'll start off by saying, clearly, many of the same sites that we're doing CLASP IID were involved in CLASP IIF and CLASP IITR. And so having completed enrollment in CLASP IID does mean that they probably will turn some of their attention to IIF and IITR. And so I think it's likely to be -- it's only human, it's only likely to be a boost to that. I don't think it's going to have real impact on the completion of the trial. So, -- but we're hopeful that things go well here. Of course, these same groups are working with trying to get through Omicron, which is no picnic, but we're hopeful that's short-lived. As it relates to the SAPIEN X4 or the ALLIANCE trial, remember, this is a new valve. And so this isn't simply a case of, boy, I'm just going to take all my SAPIEN 3 patients and just put this new valve. And it really is a very novel valve system. And so this is going to be one that we do with a great deal of deliberateness. And so it's going to -- there's going to be a learning curve associated with this, and so we're just going to have to work through it. We really don't have a prediction on how fast that will enroll at this time.
Cecilia Furlong: Okay. Thank you, Mike. And to follow-up as well. I'm just curious, if you could talk about just TAVR in China, what you've been able to do recently with COVID hopefully pulling back in the near-term, how do you think about the opportunity to really start developing that market over the next year? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We're really looking forward to developing the market in China. And as you say, COVID has been a real setback in that regard because often, if we are launching a new country like that, we would bring a lot of experts from Edwards, key opinion leaders, and there virtually is no travel to China right now. So, it's just been our local team that's doing that, which doesn't make it any easier. We're excited about it. We know this too shall pass and we'll move on to it. And we're really looking forward to bringing truly premium technology to China. Well, I'm sorry, there was a -- let's see. I think that's probably -- does that answer your question, Cecilia? Yes.
Cecilia Furlong: It does, Mike. Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink. Please state your question.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, god afternoon everyone. Thanks so much for taking the question. Just a question on PASCAL and how to think about the go-to-market strategy here in the US. In Europe, you guys have obviously been getting a price premium. The trial powered for non-inferiority, so I'm curious if you could might comment a little bit more on how you expect to get a premium here as well in the US, or if we should be thinking about that a little bit differently? Are there things that we could look for in the data when we do see it, that could give us a little bit more comfort that you will be able to successfully get that premium? And I have one follow-up. Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks Danielle. I mean, first and foremost, when we come to the US, we're going to do -- we're going to run some of the exact same playbook that we have in Europe, which is to really focus on physician training, getting great real-world results, making sure that we get patient -- excellent patient outcomes every time we do this. We're going to probably tend to be staying in the places where people have real experience. I don't know that we have a pricing policy that's been established for the U.S. launch at this point. And so we'll tell you about that once it's clear. But our focus is going to be on doing great cases for a while.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay. Got it. And then, I guess, my other question is around PASCAL in the U.S. and go-to-market. How to think about leveraging? I know you guys are -- I believe you guys are building a separate sales force here, but how you might be able to leverage your presence. You have very strong presence in TAVR at a lot of these centers, and there's a lot of overlap. How can we think about sales synergies or sort of a halo effect on both ends, whether it's for TAVR or for PASCAL from a market share perspective? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Danielle. I think you know the way that we've approached this across the board, is we really feel like the TAVR has a long way to go, and a lot of growth in front of it, and deserves a great dedicated team and TMTT opportunity is a very large one. And so the way we've gone at this is decide that we're going to have a dedicated team. Is there some halo that comes from the Edwards brand and so forth, I'd like to think so. Of course, we try and maintain a great reputation, but we don't go into it thinking about leverage so much or it's our bundled sales. That's really not our approach. We're going to sell on really trying to do spectacular procedures and get great outcomes.
Danielle Antalffy: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Suraj Kalia with Oppenheimer. Please state your question.
Suraj Kalia: Good afternoon, everyone. Can you hear me all right, Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, we hear you, Suraj.
Suraj Kalia: Perfect. So Mike, I just wanted to follow up on Josh's question about CLASP IID, will there be any paired analysis presented in terms of the types of devices, i.e., MitraClips used and the number of devices used per case?
Mike Mussallem: So Suraj, I'm not sure exactly what's going to be presented, but I would expect that you're going to see a pretty fulsome presentation of the data when it finally does get presented. We've said that that's going to happen in the second half of 2022. And when that happens, I think you're going to get a lot of information. You'll see almost everything related to device performance when that's presented.
Suraj Kalia: Fair enough, Mike. And my follow-up, for the $10 billion by 2028, how does the pie chart look for symptomatic severe, asymptomatic severe and moderate? Thank you for taking my questions.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. So we don't have perfect clarity on what It's going to look like in 2028. But I can tell you basically what's in our assumptions. The great bulk of this is going to be people with symptoms, with severe AS. And I don't know what percentage that is, but it is the overwhelmingly large percentage. We think that there'll be a small portion of it, which will be asymptomatic patients that are severe. We have assumed that moderate AS patients are really not much in that number. It's really negligible. And so, not really in the number at all. And so hopefully, that gives you a sense for it.
Suraj Kalia: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Matt Taylor: Hi. Thank you for taking the question. So I wanted to ask you a little bit more about this US, OUS dynamic. I know some of it may be short-term disruption difference, but there's been notable kind of resurgence or a renaissance in international growth. And I was wondering if you could talk more about that. Are you opening more centers? Is it improved acceptance of the therapy? And what does that mean for international growth over the next couple of years versus US growth? Do you think it could outgrow the US? Should they be close to each other? Any thoughts on that would be appreciated?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Those are all really good questions. And one thing to keep in mind is, the growth rates are all comparable to last year's growth rate, which was less than normal because it was also impacted by the pandemic. So we've been super impressed about what's going on in Europe right now. This mid-teens growth because here's technology that was improved in Europe in 2007 and to be growing at a mid-teens growth rate right now is very encouraging. And it speaks to the strength of TAVR. I mean, Europe has never had -- broadly across Europe, let's put it this way, they've never had -- so for example, TAVR per million population over 65 has been lower in Europe. Pretty good in Germany, but the rest of the country is behind. So there's been some catch-up. When we talk about Japan, we say the same thing, pretty routinely that they really probably should be doing more TAVR and have more disease. And so there's quite a bit of catch-up to go on. So there really is a big opportunity. And part of what we may be seeing is just health care systems that have typically been a little slower to adapt are coming around and fueling the growth that's a little higher. And at the same time, you have to say Omicron did hit US pretty hard.
Matt Taylor: Got it. Great. Thanks for the color. I will let some other chip in. Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Chris Pasquale: Mike, I just wanted to follow up on Cecilia's question about ALLIANCE. I don't think it's been post year. Could you just tell us a little bit about the design of that trial, number of patients, length of follow-up, things like that?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I don't -- the short answer is I'm not prepared to talk about that at this point, Chris. I think there may be some similarities to past trials, but I don't have the specifics on it. So we're going to have to get that to you at a later date here because it's just I don't have that available now.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. No problem. And then, Mike, I think I heard you say that TAVR volume in Japan has now caught up with surgical volumes. It seems like you may have hit that milestone a little faster there than you did looking at the experiences in the US or Europe. Can you talk a little bit about how market development is going there? It seems like it may have hit a bit of an inflection, maybe over the past year with low risk coming online?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So thanks. For us, it doesn't feel like it's come really fast. It feels like it's come slower. We think that TAVR should be really popular in Japan, where surgery is not necessarily a preferred therapy and a great interventional procedure should have gone. There are a number of reasons that sort of slowed it down, they had tighter regulations. So for example, they limited TAVR to hybrid ORs. They required approvals by national bodies. But at the same time, there have been some really positive developments in Japan. So now that we have low-risk approval, it's really streamlined the pride and it's reimbursed, that streamlined the process for these patients to receive therapy. And so that was a big one. And slowly, but surely, there have been more centers that were added so that it covers the geography a little better. So, there's some positives there. And we're catching up. We're excited about the growth rate. But in our eyes, it should have happened sooner.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Jayson Bedford: Hi, good afternoon. Just a couple of quick ones. I'll go off script and ask a Critical Care question. The segment had a decent capital component. I'm just wondering, with labor becoming a bigger issue at hospitals over the last couple of months, is your view on the environment for capital changed at all?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, it's a good question. Remember, when the pandemic hit and hospitals were in trouble, they really pulled back on capital spending. We saw that even most dramatically in the US. And that continued into early 2021, but it started subsiding, and we saw hospitals started recapitalizing, if you will, and we were the beneficiary of that during 2021 and even saw that affect our performance in the fourth quarter. And we've got this modern HemoSphere technology, which is really a step forward for these patients and brings together a lot of our advanced technology for patients that are needing a great recovery. So, the combination of those have been really helpful.
Jayson Bedford: So, is 2022 still a conducive environment for capital itself?
Mike Mussallem: It is. We think it's still a very conducive environment. Some of our people wonder whether 2022 will measure up to 2021 because it felt like 2021 might have had a little catch-up in it. So, that makes them nervous about being too bullish. But we think it's going to be a more normalized year.
Jayson Bedford: Okay. Thanks. And maybe just quickly for Scott. Scott, in describing the factors impacting gross margin, you didn't mention inflationary pressures. And just wondering, are you not seeing it or is it just not material to the business right now?
Scott Ullem: Thanks for the question. We are seeing inflationary pressures in a couple of areas. One is just wage then, of course, materials and supplies. And so we're managing through those. Our biggest priority has been making sure that we can deliver our finished goods, our life-saving therapies to hospitals around the world. And we're really proud of our global supply chain team that's been able to navigate the challenges from shortages to logistics and still continue to be able to meet demand. And so we'll deal with the inflation. It's in our 78% to 79% gross margin guidance for the year, but we're feeling like we know what needs to get done.
Jayson Bedford: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Pito Chickering: Good afternoon guys. Thanks for fitting me in here. To follow-up on the US TAVR questions, can you help us understand why in the third quarter, we saw hospitals near capacity for nearly two months in August and September, whereas COVID only impacted fourth quarter by a few weeks in December? Just if you can provide any more color on sort of why fourth quarter slowed sequentially versus the third quarter?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, you're going to test my COVID memory a little bit here. But we felt like we were recovering from Delta. And so it had a pretty significant impact in the third quarter and that was being mitigated, to some extent, it was improving in October and improving in November. And then Omicron showed up and it changed the trend. So, that was that we were -- we went from recovering from Delta to being impacted hard and quick by Omicron.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then a follow-up question for Scott. Like you talked about pulling forward SG&A investments from 2022 into fourth quarter in preparation of these product launches. So if you think about a similar dollar amounts for SG&A spending going into the first quarter and you start to get leverage on that as revenues increase after first quarter to get to your guidance range of 28% to 30%? Thanks so much guys.
Scott Ullem: Sure. Thanks for the question. I mean you can tell from our guidance, where the midpoint of our sales guidance is, call it, $1.315 billion, which is a little bit lower than our fourth quarter sales and yet our EPS were forecasting in a higher range. And so, the difference is going to be really in the cost lines. And we think that a lot of the SG&A that we pulled forward in the fourth quarter will probably not show up in the first quarter as a result. And that's really the biggest driver of the increase in EPS that we're expecting and guiding to in Q1.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Okay, all. Thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, Mark and I welcome any additional questions by telephone.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences 3rd Quarter 2021 Results Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.  Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding : Good afternoon. And thank you all for joining us with me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released third quarter 2021 financial results. During today's call management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters, and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date of which they are made and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those associated with the pandemic that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information can be found in the press release, our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and Edwards ' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the Company's website at edwards.com. Finally, a quick reminder that when using the terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they're referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are included in today's press release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments, Mike.
Mike Mussallem : Thanks, Mark. Let me begin by expressing appreciation for our global teams who have been highly engaged throughout the pandemic. We're also pleased that our supply chain remained resilient during these challenging times to meet the needs of the patients we serve. Turning to results, third quarter total Company sales of $1.3 billion increased 14% on a constant-currency basis versus the year-ago period. Strong mid-teens growth was driven by our innovative platforms, although lower than our July expectations due to the significant impact COVID had on U.S. hospitals. Although we experienced encouraging signs of patient confidence and continued willingness to seek medical care in July, the Delta variant had a significant impact on hospital resources during the last 2 months of the third quarter, especially in the U.S. Despite the pronounced impact of the Delta variant in the U.S. in Q3, we're encouraged by the recent decline in hospital COVID admissions. We believe some procedures were unfortunately deferred in the third quarter. And based on what we saw in Q2, we expect many of these patients who deferred treatment in Q3 will be treated in the future. We continue to expect total Company sales growth to be in the high teens for the full year. In TAVR, third quarter global sales were $508 and $58 million dollars, up 14% on an underlying basis versus the year-ago period. We estimate global TAVR procedure growth was comparable with our growth in the third quarter. Globally, our average selling price remained stable. In the U.S., our TAVR sales grew 12% on a year-over-year basis and we estimate that our share of procedures was stable. Growth was broad-based across both high and low volume centers. As you might expect procedure volumes in Q3 were affected by seasonality and varied by geography and even by hospital, as patients and providers turn their focus again to the pandemic. Our TAVR sales in July benefited from encouraging signs of continued recovery from the pandemic, however procedures were negatively impacted in the last two months of Q3 due to the significant impact Delta had on hospital resources. Outside the U.S. in the third quarter, our sales grew approximately 20% on a year-over-year basis, and we estimate total TAVR procedure growth was comparable. We continue to be encouraged by strong international adoption of TAVR, broadly, in all regions. And despite the impact of Delta, the TAVR market in Europe showed relative resilience with strong growth in procedure volumes. Growth was broad-based across Europe and driven by continued strong adoption of our SAPIEN 3 Ultra platform. We were pleased with the growth rate considering that in Q3 of 2020 centers in Europe had already recovered from pandemic lows. Longer-term, we see excellent opportunities for continued OUS growth, as we believe global adoption of TAVR therapy remains quite low. It's worth noting that recently, published guidelines from the European Association of Cardiothoracic Surgery  definitively recommend TAVR for patients over the age of 75. The acknowledgment by the Surgical society the TAVR is preferred for those over 75 is a significant development. We believe these guidelines represent an important long-term opportunity and although transcatheter valves have been commercially available for over a decade in Europe, it remains clear that there is still a large, unmet need for this therapy. Strong TAVR adoption continued in Q3 in Japan. As expected, we received reimbursement approval in Q3 for treatment of patients at low surgical risk. We remained focus on expanding the availability of TAVR therapy throughout this country, driven by the fact that AS remains a significantly under-treated disease amongst this large elderly population. At the upcoming TCT meeting, there's a planned late-breaking update on the economic outcomes of PARTNER 3 at 2 years. In summary, based on October procedure trends, we expect Q4 growth for TAVR to be similar to Q3. We continue to expect underlying TAVR sales growth of around 20% in 2021. We remain as confident as ever, about the long-term potential of TAVR because of its transformational impact on the many patients for suffering from aortic stenosis and because many remained untreated. The long-term potential reinforces our view that this global TAVR opportunity will exceed $7 billion by 2024, which implies a low double-digit compound annual growth rate. Now, turning to TMTT, we've made meaningful progress across all our platforms with over 6000 patients treated to date, to transform treatment and unlock the significant long-term growth opportunity. We remain focused on three key value drivers. A portfolio of different shaded therapies, positive pivotal trial results to support approvals and adoption, and favorable real-world clinical outcomes. This quarter we progressed on the enrollment of 5 pivotal trials across our portfolio to support therapies for patients suffering from mitral and tricuspid regurgitation. We are gaining experience with a PASCAL precision platform as part of our class trials, and physician feedback continues to be positive. We look forward to presenting randomized data from the class 2D pivotal trial next year and remain on track for the U.S. approval of PASCAL for patients with DMR late next year. This important milestone will mark a transition from large single-arm studies through significant pivotal trial results that support approval and adoption and will be the first of several key datasets from our class of trials. We continue to treat patients with both of our mitral -- our transcatheter mitral replacement therapies through the ENCIRCLE pivotal trial SAPIEN M3 and MISCEND study of EVOQUE Eos. We are ramping up enrollment with our novel EVOQUE tricuspid replacement therapy as part of the TRISCEND II Pivotal Trial. These processing transfemoral therapies are critical for many patients without treatment options today and exemplify the importance of a comprehensive portfolio. As we continue to expand our body of clinical evidence, we look forward to presenting meaningful data at TCT and PCR London Valves next month. Presentations will include six-month outcomes of EVOQUE tricuspid replacement from our clinical trial experience in the TRISCEND study. In addition, 30-day outcomes for mitral repair with PASCAL from our Miclast, post-market clinical follow-ups study of over 250 patients. We also anticipate several live case demonstrations of our differentiated therapies. Turning to the financial performance in TMTT, despite the impact of Delta in summer seasonality, global sales of $22 million were driven by the continued adoption of PASCAL in Europe. As we expanded commercially, we continue to experience high procedural success rates and excellent clinical outcomes for patients. And we remain committed to employing our high-touch clinical support model. We are pleased with our level of site activation during the quarter. We continue to expect to achieve our previous full-year guidance of $80 million to $100 million and estimate the global TMTT opportunity to triple to approximately $3 billion by 2025. And we're pleased with our progress toward advancing our vision to transform the lives of patients with mitral and tricuspid valve disease. In Surgical Structural Heart, third quarter global sales were $217 million, up 6% on an underlying basis versus the year-ago period. Despite the Q3 resurgence and COVID cases we were encouraged to see continued SABR procedure growth across most regions. We remain encouraged by the steady global adoption of Edwards RESILIA tissue valves, including INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve, the KONECT RESILIA valves conduit and our MITRIS RESILIA mitral valve. This advanced tissue treatment is increasing supported by growing body of real-world evidence as demonstrated at the European Association of Cardiothoracic Surgeons annual meeting earlier this year. Registry data confirmed excellent real-world outcomes with INSPIRIS RESILIA in patients under the age of 60. As patients increase their awareness of surgical valve choices, we believe that they are learning about the durability potential of RESILIA and engaging with their positions to choose this technology. In summary, we have confidence that our full year 2021 underlying sales growth will be in the mid-teens for Surgical Structural Heart, driven by market growth and adoption of our premium technologies. We continue to believe the Surgical Structural Heart market that we serve will grow mid-single-digits through 2026. In Critical Care, third quarter global sales were $213 million up 17% on an underlying basis versus the year-ago period. Growth was driven by contributions from all product lines led primarily by strong HemoSphere capital sales in the U.S. Our True Wave disposable pressure monitoring devices used in the ICU remained in demand due to the elevated hospitalizations in the U.S. and demand for products used in high-risk surgery also grew year-over-year in addition to demand for the ClearSight non-invasive finger cup used in elective procedures. In summary, we continue to believe the Critical Care will grow revenue in the low double-digit range in 2021. We remain excited about our pipeline of Critical Care innovations as we continue to shift our focus to smart recovery technologies designed to help clinicians make better decisions for their patients. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem : Thanks Mike. Today, I'll provide additional perspective on the third quarter, along with how we anticipate the rest of the year may unfold and some color on what to expect at the investor conference on December 8th. Total sales in the third quarter grew 14% on an underlying basis over the prior year. As indicated earlier, this strong sales growth is lower than we expected in July before the U.S. Delta surge. Earnings in the quarter of $0.54 met our expectations as COVID -related constrained spending more than offset lower-than-expected sales. As Mike mentioned, based on the improving trends with the Delta variant. And our October procedure trends, we're projecting total Q4 sales of between 1.30 billion and 1.38 billion. A as it relates to each product line, we are forecasting fourth quarter TAVR sales of $850 million to $910 million and still have the potential to reach underlying TAVR sales growth of around 20% for the full-year 2021. We're also maintaining our previous ranges for TMTT, Surgical Structural Heart, and Critical Care. We continue to expect our full-year adjusted earnings per share guidance at the high-end of $2.07 to $2.27 with fourth-quarter adjusted EPS of 53 to 59 cents. And now I will cover additional details of our third quarter results. Our adjusted gross profit margin was 76.3% up from 75.5% in the same period last year when we experienced substantial costs responding to COVID, the improvement was also driven by a more profitable product mix, partially offset by a negative impact from foreign exchange. Like most companies, we are seeing signs of inflation, generally, in things like some of the raw materials we use in production, as well as shipping and logistics. With that said, some of the extraordinary costs we incurred when COVID hit last year have lessened. And the net result is no material impact to our gross profit margin performance or guidance for 2021. More broadly, we're continuing our investments to ensure that our supply chain is strong and resilient and capable of delivering life-saving products for our patients. We continue to expect our 2021 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 77%. Selling general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were $364 million or 27.8% of sales compared to $307 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by personnel-related costs and increased commercial activities compared to the COVID impacted prior year. We are planning a sequential ramp up of expenses in the fourth quarter as COVID related restrictions continued to subside. We still expect full-year 2021 SGNA expenses as a percentage of sales excluding special items to be 28% to 29%. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 22% over the prior year to $238 million or 18.2% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter innovations, including increased clinical trial activity. We are planning to increase these expenses in the fourth quarter as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence to expand indications for TAVR and TMTT. For the full-year 2021, we continue to expect R&D expenses as a percentage of sales to be 17% to 18%. Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate this quarter was 13% or 13.9%, excluding the impact of special items. This rate included a 320-basis point benefit from the accounting for stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full-year rate in 2021, excluding special items to be between 11% and 15%, including an estimated benefit of four percentage points from stock-based compensation accounting. Foreign exchange rates increased third quarter reported sales growth by 70 basis points for $8 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we continue to expect an approximate $70 million positive impact, or about 1.5%, to full-year 2021 sales, compared to 2020. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted our third quarter gross profit margin by 30 basis points compared to the prior year. And relative to our July guidance, FX rates positively impacted our third quarter earnings per share by less than a penny. Free cash flow for the third quarter was $471 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $532 million less capital spending of $61 million our year-to-date free cash flow was $1.1 billion. The strong cash flows are a reflection of our exceptional portfolio of patient-focused technologies that are generating returns from previous investments, which allows us to fund future internal and external opportunities. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible Balance Sheet with approximately $3 billion in cash and investments as of September 30th. Average shares outstanding during the third quarter were 632 million and we continue to expect our average diluted shares outstanding for 2021 to be at the lower end of our 630 to 635 million guidance range. We have approximately $1.2 billion remaining under the share repurchase program. Before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll make a quick comment about our outlook for 2022. It's premature to offer detailed guidance today, but we will provide 2022 financial guidance at our Investor Conference on December 8th. In general, in 2022, we're planning on less disruption from COVID, as we assume the resumption of more normalized sales and earnings growth, we will provide guidance for gross profit and operating margins, as well as more visibility into any potential impact from changes in corporate tax rates. And with that, I'll pass it back to Mike.
Mike Mussallem : Thanks Scott. We're very pleased with our strong year-to-date performance despite the headwinds associated with the pandemic. And as patients and clinicians increasingly choose transcatheter valve therapy, we remain optimistic about the long-term growth opportunity. We are committed to aggressively investing in our focused innovation strategy, because we believe there is a broad group of patients still suffering from Structural Heart disease and the pandemic's impact will wane. We remain confident that the innovative therapies resulting from our investments will continue to drive strong organic growth in the years to come. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding : Hey, thanks a lot, Mike. And as you heard from Scott earlier, our 2021 Investor Conference will take place on Wednesday, December 8th, here at our headquarters in Irvine, California. For those of you able to join us on campus, the conference will be hosted with appropriate safety precautions, and there will also be available via webcast. Either way, we really hope you can be a part of it. In addition to our 2022 financial guidance, you'll hear more about Edwards focused innovation strategy and our comprehensive and exciting product pipeline. For more information, please visit the Investor Relations section of the Edwards website at ir.edwards.com. So, with that, we're ready to take your questions. As a reminder, please limit the number of questions to 1, plus 1 follow-up, to allow for broad participation. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue, and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego?
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar : Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe for the first one, Mike or Scott, perhaps the Q4 guidance here. What are the underlying assumptions here in terms of any further disruptions from future base or perhaps even the flu season where it might be perhaps hard to differentiate respiratory symptoms between a traditional flu versus the COVID? So, some commentary on Q4 assumptions will be helpful.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Vijay like so many others, we really struggle with precisely for projecting the pandemic. Edwardss business is strong all the fundamentals are in a great place, and we know that there are many patients with structural heart disease in particular that are in need. We feel great about it from that perspective, but the pandemic ends up having impact on hospitals and their ability to be able to handle the volumes and we find it very spotty. It's regional in nature and the good news is we're watching the Delta variant come down in the U.S. and that's where we felt most of the impact and that's very good. Of course, there is concerned of will there be some kind of a winter surge that is not apparent at this point. So those things are always possible. We have by and large modelled the fact that, we think things are going to get gradually better. We have taken into account where we are in October. And in October, we saw run rates that were similar to what we saw in the last couple of months of Q3. And so that has also gone into our thinking. So, I don't know if that answers your question, Vijay?
Vijay Kumar : No. That's helpful, Mike. And just on the last comments around hospital capacity to handling volumes, I guess labor shortage has been spoken about on the one hand, when I think about the limited number of  centers and the issue of labor shortages, it feels like hanging backlog or excess cases might be a challenge for them. On the flip side, Mike, conscious sedation, where patients are in and out pretty quickly, these are highly profitable procedures, so should we, perhaps, be making case for hospitals to incentivize, perhaps drug volumes. I'm curious how you balance this too.
Mike Mussallem : Yes. No, it's a great point, Vijay, and it is one of the pluses that's associated with TAVR that, often there isn't an ICU stay. But when we watch what happens with various hospitals and sometimes whether it's for staffing reasons or just the fact that they're swamped with COVID patients, they will just put up the stop sign and decide that they're just not going to do procedures and whether they are elective or resource consuming or not. We're probably more impacted by the ICU capability. But it's not always the case. Sometimes it's just broadly across the hospital so I don't have one answer for all because it tends to be a little bit more snowflakes with this hospital being a bit different, but hopefully it provides you with a little bit of color.
Vijay Kumar : Understood, thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America, please state your question.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. Thanks, and good afternoon. Mike, I realize it's a challenging time to make forecasts. And I won't ask you about forecast. What I'm curious about and would love your views on, is just what we know now, what are you seeing out there now? How much better in the environment than it was a month ago. Just curious to see your net views on, and I'm asking specifically from a TAVR perspective. How much improvement you are seeing, where are we right now relative to where we were just a few months ago. Thank you.
Mike Mussallem : Yeah, thanks, Bob. It's a really good question. You're probably stay close to our team that watch daily sales each day and adjust their own feelings based on how things change almost on a daily basis. And things, it gets tough. And I hate to get too granular, but the things are a little better today than they were even earlier in the month. But I hate to get too granular on that, Bob. In general, we tried to give you some information. I let you know that October was not so dissimilar than the end of Q3. So, it's not -- we didn't want to send a signal that all of a sudden October is back to the kind of thing that we were experiencing in Q2. So, we're not experiencing that kind of an environment yet, but we're overall optimistic. I mean, we talked to a lot of folks, anecdotally, obviously these -- the trends that I mentioned of Delta, improving is something we think is going to pay off, we think. Often that -- maybe TAVR is a bit of a trailing indicator of what's happening with COVID, that the cases ultimately turn into ICU stays, and it probably affects our caseload a little bit later, but that's a bit speculative on our part.
Scott Ullem : Bob I'll just check on something that Mike said. Which is if you just roll forward, what things have been trending like in October, the growth rate for Q4 and TAVR looks a lot like it did for Q3, which is, call it 14%. So, like Mike said, it's moving around, we're watching it carefully and try not to overreact are under react to what the daily sales trends looks like. But if you had to call it right now, that's sort of what the trend looks like. And then for the full year, it gets you to something nearer the 20% underlying growth rate that we've talked about for all of 2021.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. Thank you, Scott. That's very helpful. And then last quick question is, just on the U.S. trial for PASCAL and when we'll see those data, is there a set time for that yet or just sometime early in 2022?
Mike Mussallem : We don't have clarity on when the timing for that will be we say it'll be next year. We're sticking with our date and our belief that we will have approval by the end of next year. But we really don't have clarity on when it's going to be presented. That'll be one that we'll hopefully, we'll have a little bit more visibility when we get to the investor conference, Bob. I'm trying to give you a sense for it at that time.
Bob Hopkins: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Robert Marcus : Great. Thanks for taking the questions. First one for me, earlier this year, we saw some competitive data that maybe looks a little more competitive with SAPIEN 3. I know it's still early days and the European numbers look good this quarter, but are you starting to see any shift in trends or reception to some of the newer Valves in Europe recently?
Mike Mussallem : The short answer is no, it's been very similar feeling that we've had throughout the year that was the case in the past. We continue to think that the top two competitors make up about 85% of the sales in Europe, and all the rest, which is a full complement of competitors, make up the other 15%. We really haven't seen any significant shifts in that, if that's helpful.
Robert Marcus : Yes, it is. And maybe one for Scott. This is another quarter where we saw the financial leverage potential of the business. Where do you think -- you talked about spending more in fourth quarter, but where do you think we are maybe from a gross margin and operating expense. Perspective versus a no COVID environment. So maybe said another way, if you fast forward and there's no more COVID, does this gross margin have room to improve from here? And maybe how much impaired is the SGNA and RND versus what you would like to spend in unrestrained environment.
Scott Ullem : We do think gross margin has room to improve from, as does operating margin, keep in mind we're already starting from relatively strong margins compared to our industry. So, our priority has been investing aggressively on internal growth more so than on trying to expand margins. But I do think there's going to be opportunity for those margins to gradually, incrementally, slowly expand over time. And it's something that we try to think carefully about. Short-term though, to your question about COVID, it's been remarkable, our margins have remained pretty stable despite the fact that sales are down relative to pre - Covid levels. Because expenses are down as well, largely driven by things that are happening out in the field. So, travel, meetings, attendance at various different societies and events. And so, it's been kind of a natural hedge against the sales headwinds that we've seen from COVID. and we're benefiting from that. To be honest though, we'd like to see expenses go back up along with sales because it's an indication that the environment is more normalized, that we're able to invest aggressively that we can enroll our clinical trials at the higher rates that we saw pre-COVID. And so that's the way we're thinking about margins overall.
Robert Marcus : Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen, please go ahead with your question.
Josh Jennings : Hi. Good evening. Thanks so much for taking the questions. I wanted to start Mike; I was hoping to just learn a little bit about your updated thoughts on the backlog that you mentioned in the second quarter earnings call. Assume with just the environment that that's peeled back a little bit. But one, just any kind of review of the referral channels and patients coming off the sideline in 3Q. And should investors be thinking that that 2Q phenomenon could reemerge in 2022 as we move through this COVID surge.
Mike Mussallem : Thanks Josh, you're on a key point, and we do talk about it quite a bit inside. We don't have perfect visibility and perfect data. So much of what we rely on our anecdotal reports when we spent a lot of time with our customers and front-line clinical specialists to try and gain some kind of perspective. It's tough for us to nail the timing and magnitude of this, but clearly, we feel like we got a small lift in Q2 from patients that came into the system that had probably deferred care. If we reflect back on the total pandemic when things first stopped back in 2020, back in the March/April timeframe, it's difficult for us to say that we saw those patients come back into the system. But differently, it felt like the -- last winter's patients did, indeed  some of those. some small quantity showed up and supplemented Q2. It's not a giant number but its additive, and we speculate the similar kind of thing might happen as a result of the patients that have deferred care during the Delta variant. During the Delta variant we're speculating again, we may indeed have had these patients that actually saw their physicians and got diagnosed but that the actual treaters in regional hotspots weren't there to provide the therapy. So, we think there is some reason why this might come back exactly when it might come back is very difficult but as COVID wanes, were hoping that indeed, we see a similar phenomenon as we saw in Q2.
Josh Jennings : Thanks for that. And then just one follow-up and we get a lot of questions just on low-risk penetration. I think the TVT registry update was presented a couple of weeks ago. And I think for 2020, the update was at 28% of patients received TAVR were low-risk. That seems pretty low. It seems like we're still in early innings of low-risk penetration, but just would love to get your thoughts in terms of where the TAVR market is, in terms of penetrating that low-risk opportunity. Thanks a lot.
Mike Mussallem : Thanks, Josh. I wish I could tell you the problem was low risk. We think there's an under-treatment problem across all the risk spectrums, whether it's high risk, intermediate risk, or low risk for surgery. We're still -- I think early innings is a good way to characterize it. We still think that there are many patients that should be receiving therapy that don't. It's for a variety of reasons and in many cases, they are just not aware of the option of TAVR being available for them and being an appropriate for them. And so, it's a key initiative for us, we've been progress, but the progress has been slow and steady and we're not close. I don't know if I would put tremendous stock in that penetration number. In general, we think penetration rates across the border are even worse than that.
Josh Jennings : Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Matt Miksic : Hi thanks so much for taking the question. Just one on Europe and overseas TAVR and then one follow-up if I could, just on general market trends. The European or overseas numbers came to be less sequentially impacted than the U.S. And then there's been an awful lot of focus on staffing and challenges around U.S. Obviously the surge, but do you see -- I'm curious if you see staffing in other regions being as much of an issue as it is in the U.S. and whether you can tease out the areas of strengths that drove what was pretty good Q3 performance outside the U.S. despite the surge and everything that went on. Then I have just one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem : Yeah. Thanks, Matt. No, your observation was correct. We saw a far more impact in the U.S. than we saw in Europe. Our colleagues in Europe, by comparison, were pretty healthy growth rates. And you'll notice in my comment that if you go back to Q3 of last year, it's not as though Europe was really doing poorly. They actually had a growth quarter versus 2019. I think all I want to say high-single-digit growth or something last year. So, this is growth on top of that growth, which is pretty significant considering this therapy was introduced in Europe back in '07, it's pretty mature. And here we are still growing even during a pandemic. They, for whatever reason, have the Delta variant didn't seem to impact the European centers the same way it did in the U.S.
Matt Miksic : That's great. And then if I could, I know Scott, you had laid out some basics or bullet points of what we can expect at the Analyst Meeting and Investor Meeting in December. But in past years, there's one thing that seems to have come up year-over-year, which is great growth in say, a given year for TAVR, and then the issue of comps becomes a conversation for the following year. And, I guess, one of the things heading into '22, I think you mentioned decreasing impact of COVID or something like that, and back to normalized growth. I'd just be curious to hear whether you expect comps to be potentially a little bit less of the conversation. When you frame out your expectations to start '22 given the way this year has played out?
Scott Ullem : Well, I guess by definition, the comps are important just as we think about growth rates, but it sort of ties back to Vijay's question earlier on about when do we start seeing COVID more in the rearview mirror and less in the windshield, and to the extent that that lessens as we get to the end of the fourth quarter, beginning the first quarter, for example, then prospects for 2022 growth are going to be higher. If COVID is playing a more meaningful role in certain regions or hotpots that are more noticeable then, that's going to impact our growth overall. That's probably the biggest uncertainty that we have going into 2022, because overall, we feel really positive about the growth prospects for TAVR in the U.S. and Europe and Japan and in the rest of the world. One of the things that we're talking about earlier with this low-risk penetration while it's difficult to calculate the actual penetration. Remember the timing on low risk, where we have the data for low-risk, we're PARTNER 3 at ACC in 2019, we got approval in the third quarter of 2019 and shortly thereafter, COVID became a factor. It interrupted our growth for TAVR. And so, we haven't really had this period that's uninterrupted from COVID for any extent of time since we got the low-risk approval and it's one of the reasons why we think they're just great growth opportunities longer-term for TAVR.
Matt Miksic : That's helpful color. Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with SDD Leerink. Please state your question.
Danielle Antalffy : Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks so much for taking the question. I had a question on Pascale shifting to nitrile now. I was just wondering Mike, if you could talk a little bit about the U.S. launch strategy. I know it's early, but you guys launched at premium price in Europe. Curious about whether that's the plan for the U.S. if you can disclose that. and if it is, what we need to see from the data set that's going to be presented next year.
Mike Mussallem : Yes. Thanks. Yes. No. As we indicated, we're looking forward to having PASCAL approved and again it would be approved for DMR by the end of '22 in our views. We're already taking some of the initial steps to build some capabilities and will assemble a dedicated field team and we will be implementing our high-touch model. And they are really -- we're going to focus on just getting excellent real-world outcomes. We're going to take advantage of all the learnings that we've had from launching TAVR around the globe and launching TMTT in Europe. In general, we do consider PASCAL a premium therapy and would also implement our premium pricing plan that would be consistent with what we've done elsewhere in the world. Hopefully, that gives you a little color on how we would approach this.
Danielle Antalffy : That's very helpful. And then the follow-up question I have is, as far as target centers initially, I mean, is the plan to target existing TAVR centers to leverage your TAVR superior market share, or will you go specifically to Micro Center? How do we think about the initial target centers? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem : Thanks Danielle. It's a little early to say, this is going to be an interesting evolution. In some cases, the same people that do TAVR will might do mitral cases and other there's dedicated teams. It's a little too early for us to say we're going to get into it. We'll have more to talk about when we're together at the investor conference. But right now, I really don't have any specific color for you.
Danielle Antalffy : Understood.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Cecilia Furlong : Great. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask, Mike, about Japan, and what you've seen just throughout this year in terms of the centers over there that are certified to perform TAVR, how that's trended? And then as you think about low-risk reimbursement, the outlook given the landscape of TAVR centers, kind of near-term and then flowing into 2022 as well.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. So, we were very pleased to get the low-risk reimbursement approval. That happen ed mid-quarter, I want to say, sometime in the August. There are indeed new centers that get added. Those get added on a pretty deliberate basis. And those new centers tend to be slow to ramp up. There are significant regulatory requirements that are necessary to fire up new centers. But having said that, it's a dramatically under-treated disease in Japan. They have a very large elderly population. And when we think about it in terms of, for example, TAVR per million, we say, "Boy, there's still a long way to go. " So, we're very pleased at the growth rate, the growth rate in Japan was even higher than our international growth. And the reimbursement is important. It's an important key. It's exciting to be able to get that and hopefully that begins helping Japanese clinicians redefine the importance of TAVR for their patients and I think we've got to take it for granted that low-risk was -- is already present in other places around the world but it just has been in Japan until this last quarter.
Cecilia Furlong : Okay. Great. And I wanted to ask as well, just what you're seeing on the clinical enrollment landscape given COVID and if you could provide any updates either on early TAVR or X4, and when you expect to ramp in enrollments, there. Thank you.
Mike Mussallem : Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. You might recall Cecilia, that early on we said that there was impact on our trial enrollments. We're not experiencing that the same way during this flare up of Delta. It doesn't make it easier, but hospitals have done a nice job of adjusting and adapt. They have very committed teams. And so, whether it's our trials in TAVR, our trials in TMTT, it feels like we've done well. We basically feel that our trials' timing has not been impacted by this latest surge.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Larry Biegelsen : Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just one from me on PASCAL, Mike in Europe. It looks like your share has kind of been inching up and by our math, you've reached about 20% share in Europe after about 3 years. So, my question is, what gets you higher? I know that your goal is to be a market leader. So, do you need the rent -- the RCT data, and how are physicians using PASCAL in Europe? Are they mostly using it for DMR or are they using it for both DMR and FMR, I believe the label is broad? What gets your share? What do you think you need to get that share up? Thanks for taking it.
Mike Mussallem : Thanks Larry and as you might imagine, it's difficult to estimate shares, but frankly, we haven't really gone into this thinking that that's our focus. Our focus has been to get outstanding clinical results. And we focus on that both within our trials and within our commercial experience, and that's where we've pushed our team. And when you ask me what's it going to take to get your share up, it's going to be impressive clinical results. That will show up 2 ways, one in the day-to-day experiences of clinicians and patients and the other is when they actually get a chance to see some of our results. And you see more and more data that is going to become available over time as you see clinical information. So even at the upcoming TV -- or TCT, I think you'll see more information on some of our early clinical experience. At this point, we're not even in every country in Europe but our focus just to underline the point again is not on share. This is a really big opportunity. There are so many patients with mitral regurgitation and there's many that are just not indicated not being well-served today. That's where our focus is.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Meter with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Meter: Hey, guys, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Just one from the U.S. TAVR market and competition specifically. There's a new TAVR competitor that recently entered the market. I know it's early here, but have you seen any impact in the marketplace and can you comment on how that new competitor is approaching the market, anything from a pricing standpoint? And then maybe just more broadly, how do you see the potential impact of this third player going forward? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem : Thanks, Adam. Yeah, when we talked about our results, whether it was our global results or our U.S. results, what we said it was broad-based, but the procedure volume, growth, and the Edwards growth were comparable. We really didn't see anything that was noteworthy here in terms of talking about share. So, we've mentioned before that we have a full complement of competitors in Europe. And so that may be some kind of a leading indicator, but we just haven't seen anything in the data in the U.S.
Adam Meter: Okay. Understood. Thanks, Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Anthony Petrone : Thanks. 1 quick follow-up for Scott. It's just on expectations on the Analyst Day. I just want to make sure. Is the Company issuing top-line guidance or is it just PNL guidance? And then a question on low-risk, we are seeing DTC advertising in all the areas of med-tech, albeit it's more in Consumer Health facing markets. But does DTC in low-risk makes sense here to open up that opportunity as we move in to a period of higher vaccination and eventually antivirals. Thanks.
Scott Ullem : Yes, thanks, Anthony, relating to the investor conference, we're expecting to provide guidance for the top line and the rest of the income statements. Typically, we talk about sales dollar ranges and underlying growth rates based upon our forecast for how the year is going to end up when we get to December. And we'll also talk about margins, gross margin, operating margins, and whatever other financial metrics we've got clarity enough on to guide to. As it relates to DTC, I'll start and then Mike can offer perspective as well. We think that market activation and inspiring more patients to come into, get treated is a really important part of the future and the long-term growth of TAVR, and so, we are already investing some resources around getting directly to patients, to primary care physicians, to referring physicians, and we'll be doing more of that in the future. It's not aimed specifically at a patient in a particular risk category. We're trying to get to all patients who have severe symptomatic aortic stenosis, and we expect that's going to be an important driver of growth.
Mike Mussallem : Yeah. I'll just pile on there, Anthony. Thanks, it's a good question. If you go back, historically, in the early days of TAVR, we really counted on the physicians that did TAVR to educate their referring base d. And that's the way that we counted on the word getting out and I don't know we were under the impression that that actually would be sufficient. But we've learned over the years that that's dramatically insufficient. And so, as Scott said, we've gone on a number of roads here to make sure that the referral base is, indeed, educated. We've made some good progress there, although, we're far from satisfied in terms of where we are right now. But to be really specific, going all the way upstream to consumer, we do believe that that could be a valuable lever. We're specifically doing some experimenting in that regard and maybe have some more specific things to share with you when you come to the Investor Conference.
Anthony Petrone : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citi. Please state your question.
Joanne Wuensch : Good afternoon. And thank you for taking the question. Could we spend a minute on Critical Care? The last couple of quarters have been particularly strong. Is it possible to tease out how much of that strength is just underlying? In other words, it will continue into 2022 and '23 or it's just sort of, I want to call it one-time in nature associated with the pandemic.
Mike Mussallem : Thanks. So, it's a good question, Joanne. I mean, if you were to ask our teams here, you're going to keep growing at 17%. I think they'd say, no, that's not realistic. That we got some help this quarter by some large U.S. capital orders that really helped out. And that made a difference. Now, overall, are we pleased with what's going on in Critical Care? Is there more innovation than ever? Are they sustaining a pretty healthy growth rate that are better than I think med-tech averages? I think all of those are true, and we're very proud of that, or we're going to continue hitting it hard in that regard. But in terms of being able to maintain these kind of growth rates that we did in this quarter. That's not likely.
Joanne Wuensch : As a follow-up question, use of cash. Can you remind us of your thinking on that topic? And thank you.
Scott Ullem : Sure, I'll tackle that one, Joanne. Thanks for the question on use of cash. Really, our priorities have not changed. Our first priority is to fund prospects for long-term organic growth that are generated internally and we want to make sure that we're fully funding those platforms. We supplement that with external investments, so we'll buy small sized early-stage companies, usually pre -revenue. Sometimes we invest in options to acquire companies based upon certain milestones or targets being met. And so, beyond growth internally and externally than we looked at the balance sheet. And we've been a consistent repurchase of shares as you know, we're going to continue to do that opportunistically. And we think that's going to be an important way that we can give capital back to shareholders over time.
Joanne Wuensch : Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Pito Chickering : Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I follow-up on Josh 's low-risk penetration question. Like, if you look specifically at a low-risk patients, where do you see in those patients in the third quarter versus the second quarter? And what do you assume those patients in the fourth quarter? Just curious how much that finalized impacted in the back half of the year due to COVID.
Mike Mussallem : Yeah, thanks Pito. We've said this before, so I apologize for taking you through it again. But remember there is character -- this characterization of patients by high risk, intermediate risk and low risk, was a characterization done by FDA as a regulatory pathway for TAVR to help make sure that the oldest sickest patients were treated first at the highest risk to try and minimize the risks associated with the new therapy. If you were to -- when you actually look at any patient, their key concern is not whether there are risks surviving surgery. It's -- what is the risk for survival? What is it liking the live with TAVR versus live with aortic stenosis? And that's the real question. We spend less time, and frankly clinicians and patients, spend less time talking about whether they are low-risk or intermediate. We really don't differentiate in that regard. Having said that, what do we think -- how did patients behave in the third quarter? We -- as I tried to infer before, we don't have perfect visibility there, but we think they were indeed seeing another doctor, they were indeed getting diagnosed, they were indeed getting screened. But there were a number of cases where the treating hospitals themselves just stopped taking patients, and that was the primary impact in the quarter.
Pito Chickering : Fair enough and then Scott, a final question for you. You aren't changing the TMTT guidance, that's a pretty wide range. Just curious what would have to occur at the high end versus low end of the range. Thanks so much.
Scott Ullem : That's a good question. And like TAVR and other businesses, a lot of this is going to depend upon how much of a factor the Delta variant plays in the fourth quarter. There are a couple of different elements to our TMTT businesses right now. One is our commercial position in Europe, where we're selling PASCAL primarily. And then the other is clinical trial enrollment where there is reimbursement in the U.S. What we're looking for is for there to be a normalization of patient flow in both Europe and the U.S. And that's really going to be an important determinant for where things go in the fourth quarter, we're expecting sequential growth in Q4, and that will contribute to where we end up in that range of 80 to a $100 million in expected full year sales.
Pito Chickering : Thanks so much
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Pito. I think we have time for one more question, maybe.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Chris Pasquale : Thanks for squeezing me in. 1 -- quick 1 on TMTT and then 1 on TAVR. Mike, in your script, you said you made progress enrolling the five TMTT pivotal trials in the quarter. I think that group of 5 includes class 2D. To just clarify, has class 2D actually finish enrolling? Any details there would be great.
Mike Mussallem : We really haven't gotten specific on that. We really don't have specific comments. But as you might imagine, we're committed to -- when we say that we believe that we're going to have 2D approved by late 2002, that naturally infers that we're close to having our enrollment completed, and that will allow us to prepare for the PMA and go through that process. So, a lot of that has to happen. We'll get into a little more granularity when we're together at the investor conference.
Chris Pasquale : Okay. Then there's a late breaker at AHA that's looking at asymptomatic AS patients. It's not your trial, so I understand it's -- youre not in the weave there. But curious if you know anything about it and to what extent that data could be instructive as we think about what we might see in the future from early TAVR.
Mike Mussallem : Yes, it's a good question. I don't have personal knowledge of that trial, and so I can't really comment about it. The AHA are a strong organization and good partners and I think they really care about patients with AS. But I am not sure precisely what trial that you're referring to both -- you know how we feel about asymptomatic patients. We feel like these are patients that should be treated. The decide via of differing treatment and waiting for symptoms as an outdated thought process. And we're very committed to change that through rigorous clinical trials.
Chris Pasquale : Thanks, Mike.
Mike Mussallem : Okay. Well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and Mike, and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a good evening.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Second Quarter 2021 Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.  Please note that this conference is being recorded.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks a lot, Diego. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released second quarter 2021 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to: financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today.  Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those associated with the pandemic that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release, our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the Company's website at edwards.com. Finally, a quick reminder that when using terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call are included in today's press release. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Mark. We were encouraged by the clear signs of recovery during the second quarter. Vaccine adoption in key regions have contributed to an increasing number of patients seeking and, most importantly, receiving treatment. At Edwards, our dedication of providing innovative solutions for people fighting cardiovascular disease around the world motivates our employees every day.  We never stopped our aggressive pursuit of breakthrough technologies with the potential to help an even broader group of patients. Last year, we noted that were in the midst of the onset of this tragic global pandemic. There were more than 20,000 patients around the world who were treated with our SAPIEN valves in that second quarter. 
Scott Ullem: Thanks a lot, Mike. I am pleased with the momentum we experienced as we exited the first quarter continued in the second quarter across all of our product lines. While we are expecting some headwinds due to the summer vacation schedule and flare-ups of COVID in various regions, we are optimistic about favorable business conditions for Edwards.  Total sales grew 49% year-over-year, as patients increasingly were more confident about pursuing treatment in the second quarter. Of course, the unusually high growth rate also reflects depressed sales in last years second quarter due to COVID. Our underlying two year compounded growth rate in the second quarter was 11%, another indicator that conditions are improving.  The much stronger than expected sales performance lifted by unexpectedly high procedure volume fell through to the bottom-line resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $0.64. Based upon our strong start to the year and positive outlook, we are raising our previous sales guidance ranges for 2021.  For total Edwards, we now expect sales of $5.2 billion to $5.4 billion, for TAVR $3.4 billion to $3.6 billion, for TMTT, $80 million to $100 million, for Surgical Structural Heart, $875 million to $925 million, and for Critical Care, $800 million to $850 million.  Now, regarding second half margins, we are intending to resume a higher rate of spending as commercial activities increase, especially as we continue to build our clinical and field teams to support our planned new product introductions in multiple regions.  In addition, we expect growth in research and development expenses as our clinical trial activities increase. The combination of these actions contributes to our more moderated guidance for margins in the second half. We expect our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance at the high-end of our previous range of $2.07 to $2.27.  While public health conditions remain uncertain, we are projecting total sales in the third quarter to grow sequentially to between $1.29 billion and $1.37 billion resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $0.50 to $0.56.  Now I will cover additional details of our results. For the second quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 75.9%, compared to 74.4% in the same period last year when we experienced lower sales and substantial cost responding to COVID. This increase was also driven by a more profitable product mix, partially offset by a negative impact from foreign exchange.  We continue to expect our 2021 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 77%. Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the second quarter were $374 million or 27.2% of sales, compared to $275 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by personnel-related costs including performance-based compensation, increased commercial activities compared to the COVID impacted prior year, and the strengthening of OUS currencies, primarily the euro.  We are planning to see a ramp up in the expenses noted above in the second half as COVID-related restrictions subside to support continued growth. We continue to expect full year 2021 SG&A expenses as a percent of sales, excluding special items to be 28% to 29%.  Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 24% to $225 million, or 16.4% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter innovations including increased clinical trial activity. We are pointing ramp up expenses in the second half as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence to expand indications for TAVR and TMTT.  For the full year 2021, we continue to expect research and development expenses as a percentage of sales to be in the 17% to 18% range. During the second quarter, we recorded a $103 million net reduction in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities which benefited earnings per share by $0.14. This gain was excluded from the adjusted earnings per share of $0.64 that I mentioned earlier.  This reduction reflects accounting adjustments associated with reduced expectations of making future milestone payments for previous acquisitions. This accounting impact does not impact our 2021 guidance.  Turning to taxes, our reported tax rate this quarter was 10.3%. This rate included a larger than expected 590 basis point benefit from the accounting for stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full year rate in 2021 excluding special items to be between 11% and 15% including an estimated benefit of 5 percentage points from stock-based compensation accounting.  Foreign exchange rates increased second quarter reported sales growth by 450 basis points or $29 million, compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect an approximate $70 million positive impact or about 1.5% to full year 2021 sales, compared to 2020. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted our second quarter gross profit margin by 180 basis points compared to the prior year.  Relative to our April guidance, FX rates positively impacted our second quarter EPS by a penny. Free cash flow for the second quarter was $457 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $526 million, less capital spending of $69 million.  Before turning the call back over to Mike, Ill finish with an update on our balance sheet and share repurchase activities. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $2.6 billion in cash and investments as of June 30. Average shares outstanding during the second quarter were 630 million, down from the prior quarter as we repurchased 1.3 million shares during the second quarter for $112 million.  In the first half of the year, we repurchased 4.9 million shares at an average price of $85. In May, we obtained Board approval to increase our share repurchase authorization and currently have approximately $1.2 billion remaining under the program. We now expect our average diluted shares outstanding for 2021 to be at the lower end of our 630 to 635 million guidance range.  And with that, Ill pass it back to Mike. 
Mike Mussallem: Hey, thanks, Scott. So, we are pleased with our performance in the first half of 2021. To serve the many patients suffering from Structural Heart Disease, we never stopped investing in our people, our innovative technologies and our new growth capacity.  As patients and clinicians increasingly recognize the significant benefits of transcatheter-based technologies, supported by the substantial body of compelling evidence, we remain optimistic about the long-term growth opportunity. Our foundation of leadership, combined with a robust product pipeline positions us well for continued success.  And with that, I will turn the call back over to Mark. 
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Mike. Before we open it up for questions, I am excited to announce that our 2021 Investor Conference will take place on Wednesday, December 8th, at our headquarters here in Irvine, California. This event will include updates on our latest technologies, the use on longer term market potential, as well as our outlook for 2022. Please look for more information on our website next month.  With that, we are ready to take questions now, Diego. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one, plus one follow-up. If you have any additional questions, please re-enter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego?
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Bob Hopkins: Great. Thank you and good afternoon, and congrats on such strong performance across the board. I just  I have two quick questions on the guidance. First is just on the short-term and some of the comments you made about this quarter. Just curious, you mentioned the backlog dynamic which is not something that you really talked a lot about before. But then a major factor in the quarter, can you quantify that? And any thoughts on what that looks like in Q3 of the back half? 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Bob. And, we were pleased with the results. They were broad based. Your observation is correct. We really havent talked about this much in the past. Most of our data historically have come from talking to our heart teams really around the world, but especially in the U.S. And when we talk to them, they really dont note a difference in their backlogs, compared to what theyve seen in the past.  But we believe based on a number of sources, some of anecdotal conversations, some of it whats going on with other companies like insurers or others in the healthcare space that noted much more patient activity. And we believe that this flow of patients, so patients visiting their primary care physicians.  Patients going back to their general cardiologist, their general cardiologist referring them on a heart team, all of the things that we think were potentially delayed that there was a real pick up in the second quarter and because of the rate of treatment being much larger than anything weve ever seen in our path, we believe that thats in there.  Its not based on, we only have heart data, Bob, to quantify how much of that was, but we believe that that was a key part of what happened. 
Bob Hopkins: Okay. Thank you for that. Just curious. And then that kind of feeds into my second question which is also around the guidance for the back half on total revenue. So I think you called for roughly a 3% decline sequentially from what you did in Q2 and then, Q4 being kind of flat with Q2 and I am just curious maybe for Mike or for just Scott, maybe talk about some of the moving parts that went into that guidance. Do you expect little bit of a decline sequentially and then, Q4 similar to Q2. I might have thought that would have been a little bit higher given the momentum. But just curious the moving parts you are assuming there. 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I mean, youve got it right and Ill invite Scott to come in and add more color to it. But you are right, we did exit with momentum and it was strong momentum coming out of Q2. But at the same time, we are mindful of the fact that we probably got some help in Q2 from some of these patients coming off the sideline. Also, all of us are all acutely aware of whats going on with the pandemic and the recent surge thats happening and although that hasnt had dramatic impact on the healthcare system so far, we think it can have impact. And so, thats also baked into our thinking.  Q3, we think there is going to be a pronounced seasonality associated with people both in the healthcare system and patients themselves wanting to get away and take a vacation. And so, all those went into our thinking. And I dont know, Scott if there is much to add to that, but. 
Scott Ullem: No, thats a good summary. If we would not have exceeded our Q2 sales expectations by as much as we did, you probably would have seen a different sequential trend from Q2 to Q3 as we continue to grow and recover through this pandemic. But we just succeeded Q2 so much that we do think well see some of that seasonality that Mike talked about and then, going back up to a more normalized level of sales when we get into the fourth quarter. 
Bob Hopkins: Fair enough. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question. 
Vijay Kumar : Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a nice print here. Mike, maybe a big picture question, when I look at the guidance here, the beat in the quarter came from TAVR. I think there was some nervousness around slowdown in Asia-Pac, Japan, due to the COVID outbreak. How  when you think about those regions, how those regions normalize?  And given U.S. was so strong, it offset that weakness when I look at the guide, every other segment was raised. So I am curious when you thought about the guide, what was it? Some concerns around these outbreaks, is that what went into the thought process around TAVR guidance? 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Vijay. One of the things you have to be a little bit careful of when you look at growth rates and use that as a way of measuring Q2 is to be a little bit more reflective on what the climate was like in Q2 of last year. So, Japan just didnt declined as much as the U.S. and Europe last year. And so, while the growth rate looks like less in Japan or it looks like it was less of a performer actually, Japan was doing quite well and grew very nicely.  Similarly, Europe didnt get hit quite as hard in Q2 as the U.S. did  as the U.S. really got hit hard. So, Europe has actually been performing, we think at a pretty high level. Now having said that, you correctly note that, hey, you know, Japan is in a near lockdown in portions or regions.  There is portions of Europe that are still troublesome, although there is encouraging signs in Europe as well. I just saw some data this morning that said vaccination rates in Europe are comparable to U.S. vaccination rates. And we know of some places where that are under pressure in the U.S. So, weve taken all that into account. Weve provided our guidance. But when we look backward at Q2, we feel like we saw a strength across each of the regions. 
Vijay Kumar : Thats helpful, Mike. And then, one maybe on the TAVR portion, Structural Heart. I want to make sure I heard this correctly. Did you say mid singles at growth outlook through 2025? I think, there has been some concerns about cannibalization. I am curious, is that a comment on the entire market being up mid-singles or is that most of it for Edwards? 
Mike Mussallem: No, so, what we were commenting on was, the total market and we said that that total market, thats $1.8 billion will grow in the mid-single-digits through 2026. Now that total market is  this total, what we call Surgical Structural Heart, so its not just valves. It has more than that in it. What we are trying to send the signal that we think thats still a growth market and that is with the TAVR impact. So, we think TAVR is definitely going to have impact on surgery during that period of time. But its going to grow in spite of that. Okay. Weve enjoyed some very nice growth for a number of reasons. A lot of its built on just the strength of our premium RESILIA platform. 
Scott Ullem: I would just add to that, one of the things that happens when there is a greater awareness of structural heart disease and valvular disease is that more patients are just coming into the system. And many of those patients who have isolated aortic stenosis are great candidates for TAVR. But there are a lot of patients who come into the system who need surgery and its one of the reasons why we expect that business to continue to grow. 
Vijay Kumar : Thats helpful perspective, Scott. Thank you guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state your question. 
Larry Biegelsen : Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on the nice quarter. Mike, I am glad to hear you talk about the trend you are seeing in your mitral and tricuspid businesses. The $80 million to $100 million guidance for this year, what percent is mitral? What percent is tricuspid? And how significant clinical sales in that TMTT number? 
Mike Mussallem: So, clinical are a portion of it. But its minor. I dont know the exact, Larry. But I would guess its in the  maybe its in the 10% range of overall sales. The market itself feels like the growth of transcatheter mitral and tricuspid did pick up in the quarter. And so, we see it. Its still a market thats driven by mitral more than tricuspid. So, I dont know if thats helpful. 
Larry Biegelsen : No, its very helpful. I mean, I just Id love to hear your thinking about that business beyond 2021. I mean, $80 million to $100 million is a pretty big pick up from what you did in 2020. How do you think about that business going forward? Thanks for taking the question. 
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Larry. Yes, when we said $80 million at the beginning of the year that was about a doubling from last year. So, now we think it will more than double. But I think you know about how we feel about this market. We formed a business unit around it and have an awful lot of really important differentiated innovations going on in this space.  So, we have a high confidence level that this is going to be important. Its a road we are very focused on making sure that we have great outcomes and thats key to us. We work on having rigorous pivotal trials. We have differentiated therapies and we working on having great real world outcomes with our high touch model. Weve said that we think its going to be more than $3 billion by 2025. So it gives you a signal as to what we think where the market is maybe $1 billion in that neighborhood today. 
Larry Biegelsen : Thanks, Mike. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robby Marcus with JPMorgan Chase. Please state your question. 
Robert Marcus : Yes. Nice quarter. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe I can start some P&L question. Scott, gross margin was a touch light in the quarter. Just maybe walk us through how you get back up to the 76%, 77% guidance through the back part of the year. What gives you the confidence? 
Scott Ullem: Well, it was a touch light, but keep in mind there are a couple of moving pieces. One was, we had about 180 basis point hit from foreign exchange, primarily due to these hedge contracts where they are downsides and it works opposite of the benefit that we get with the translation of sales from outside of the U.S. But that was more than slumped by 230 basis points from manufacturing efficiencies and lower special COVID expenses than what we had in the second quarter. So, you got FX and manufacturing efficiencies at play and we came in 10 basis points short at the bottom end of our range for the full year gross margin guidance. As we are probably, right now, looking at something that is closer to the lower end of the 76% to 77% range. But its probably too early to get more granular than that Robby. 
Robert Marcus : Great. And while we are on the P&L, Ill use another here. The accounting charge that was a benefit this quarter. I didnt hear what it was related to. If you dont mind, just what its letting us know what its tied to. I appreciate it. Thanks a lot. 
Scott Ullem: Sure. Sure. So it was accounting adjustments that were associated with some lower expectations in making future milestone payments connected to some past acquisitions that weve done. So, the accounting associated with those is, we evaluate the probabilities and the timing and the assumptions around whether we might make those milestone payments and in this case, we think there is some lower likelihood of some of those. And so, we run it through as a non  or as a GAAP gain, but not something that shows up in our non-GAAP earnings per share. 
Robert Marcus : Okay. Is it any specific deals you can talk to? Or is it just the overall portfolio? 
Scott Ullem: Well, there are two primarily deals where we have earn outs. One is, Valtech, which is the parent company of the CARDIOMAN product and the other is Harpoon. And well get into the details beyond that. But those are the two big deals where youve got exposure to future milestones and where the expectations for those move up and move down over time and we run those accounting results through the P&L. 
Robert Marcus : Great. Appreciate it. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question. 
Pito Chickering: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. The first one is a question on the growth in new centers versus established centers in 2Q. If you look at into the back half of the year, are there any constraints that the sales people, manufacturing or center capacity could limit that growth?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. We feel like this quarter we saw broad growth across all size centers. And so, I think thats most noteworthy. Maybe even more than we have seen in the past real strength from some of the big centers. We continued to add centers this quarter. I would say, it was kind of a normal addition kind of what weve been adding right along. We are probably at an 800 plus level in terms of centers right now. And so, thats going to be probably a diminishing importance. But the ones that we are adding now are quite small centers and dont really have material impact to our results. 
Pito Chickering: Okay. And the question for your margins, you were talking about investments in clinical trials at mid-teens going forward this year. But I look as you are increasing those investments. I am just curious sort of what changed in the last 90 days to increase that - those investments? 
Scott Ullem: You are talking about clinical trials?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, so, weve got multiple pivotal underway right now. Five in TMTT and then we got other ones in TAVR and surgical and as we continue to enroll patients, those clinical trial expenses increase. Keep in mind, we incurred expenses at 2.1 at the point of treatment. But then secondly, we follow these patients lot of times out to ten years. And so, we got this increasing and recurring clinical expense that is part of our strategy. We are trying to build a robust body of clinical evidence and its important part of how we are intending to grow the top-line over time. 
Scott Ullem: And Ill add to that, Pito, although things definitely picked up in Q2 in terms of clinical trial activities, it could go even faster in the future and so thats what we anticipate. 
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse. Please state your question. 
Matt Miksic: Hey. Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. So, maybe a follow-up to Pitos question around centers. I know just that TDT some of the information you had up around the meeting included some comments on the number of interventional centers around the world  I mean, around the country that had chatter that we are also performing TAVR.  And the reason I ask is, is that, in the past, you talked about there is sneaking up on maybe 850 centers in the U.S. and not really going to go to 1,100, 1,200 centers as we have cardiac surgery. But there is sort of comparing the number of centers that are doing stenting but not TAVR seems a little bit like a new way of highlighting the underpenetrated nature of the adoption.  I am just wondering if you could speak a little bit about that if its reading that right or where you are exactly in that curve? And then, I have one follow-up. 
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Matt. Yes, I am sorry, if we werent clear on that. I mean, we have been  I think pretty consistent since the new NCD was approved a few years that we thought this was going to head toward around 850 centers, that continues to be our belief. Nothing has really changed in that regard and its probably constrained by the way that the NCD is written.  We probably argue that it might have been larger, but it is what it is. And so, thats where it is. But I really wouldnt focus overly on number of centers. For example, in the U.S., when you think about what the potential is for TAVR, because the real issue is patients coming off the sidelines.  There are many patients with severe AS that for one reason or another dont get diagnosed or dont ever make it to a hear team and treatment. And that is going to be the key to the  really the growth of TAVR overall. And we are fortunate to have a great procedure that has terrific results and we are making progress on encouraging patients to come back.  Now, its a challenge, obviously with COVID, because those same patients that are vulnerable to COVID are those that are  have very similar characteristics of severe AS patients. But its a real opportunity. And the other thing that we find is, there is much conversation about health disparities this day  these days. Thats true in spades for sever aortic stenosis patients. There are real health disparities. And so, as the overall system looks to tackle that, we think thats a bit of a tailwind to our efforts. 
Matt Miksic: Excellent. And just  you mentioned that you are growing similar pace to the volumes in the various regions that you are  we are operating in. Any thoughts that are contemplation of share eating or share loss. You had some significant gains in the past year and a half for a variety of reasons. And so, anything changing on the share front? 
Mike Mussallem: Yes, so, we are  thats always very difficult to measure at this point in time and thats one that you get a chance to look back on after everyone has reported and you get a chance to see the PBT registry. Its not truly our key focus. Most of our growth really comes from these patients coming into the system rather than any sort of changes in share. But as we say, we really think that those positions were stable in the quarter. 
Matt Miksic: Great. Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. 
Cecilia Furlong : Hey. Good afternoon and thanks for taking the questions. Mike, I wanted to start with TMTT. Just really, what you were able to do in 2Q in terms of being able to access new sites, open new sites and then as you contemplate that 80 to 100 for the year, will its factored in some  a new site opening versus just continued penetration in your existing sites? 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. No, it is a key part of our growth strategy. So, thats a correct observation. We have been involved in a lot of physician training. We have a high touch model. So we are there and we really help make sure that when people start up, they start up the right way. I think at this point, we are in double-digit countries, more than ten countries across Europe and are opening centers in all those places. And so, a significant increase to our team and of course, a lot of rigor in terms of trying to back that up. 
Cecilia Furlong : Okay. Thank you. And just on Japan, as well. Off of the recent traction, just thinking about reimbursement heading into 2022, just the growth drivers youve seen recently, but how you are thinking about really opening these centers in that reason going forward in 2022 and new centers really being the growth driver as you look forward over the next few years? 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. I think, I think we talk about it every time that we are speaking to you that there is a really significant undertreatment in Japan, maybe at such a large elderly population that their treatment rates should be much higher and there are number of structural issues that span in the way of Japan getting that done and we try and become students of that and we are making some progress. Adding new centers is important and valuable. One of the things that I think may not be clear to most as weve only had a high surgical risk indication up until now. And so, we are going to jump to a low surgical risk indication. And once that reimbursement comes in place, which happens this quarter or we expect to happen this quarter. Thats when there should be some real reaction from clinicians and in terms of treating these patients. So, we look forward to adding these new centers and  but we are also mindful of just COVID in Japan. So, its one we are very positive about in the long-term. But a little uncertain in the short-term. 
Cecilia Furlong : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Travis Steed with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Travis Steed: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I got one longer term question on margins. You are spending a lot down in R&D and SG&A, but also have a lot of investments in front of you. So, just curious how you think longer term, how you balance the spending versus margin expansion? 
Mike Mussallem: So, longer term, we do think we are going to continue to get some benefits from scale and we think about margins, I guess, in all three areas, gross margin, R&D, SG&A. On the gross margin line, youve seen us expand gross margins. And even as we have invested a lot into our physical footprint of production facilities around the world, we are getting more and more efficient as our volumes increase. And so thats going to continue to be helpful, I think. On the R&D side, we are going to continue to invest heavily. And that may not in the short-term be a source for additional leverage. But longer term we do think revenues are going to outpace operating expenses including SG&A where we are getting more benefits of scale in our administrative, some of our back-office functions can support a bigger business around the globe. And so, we think weve got opportunities to over time incrementally expand the operating margin. 
Travis Steed: Alright. Thats helpful. On the international business, I dont know if youve mentioned any update on China and how thats going. I notice Medtronics filed a study today in TAVR for their device in China. So, curious if there is any update on China and are you looking at other markets to move into as well, longer term? 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, for us, China was in terms of  THV was a minor contributor to sales in the quarter. It actually did very nicely in Critical Care and Surgical Heart Valves. But we are still launching there. Weve got a very deliberate and methodical approach thats aimed at having great patient outcomes. And so, we are going to be looking at this as a long-term opportunity or an intermediate to long-term opportunity then we are going to try and take it from that perspective. It doesnt help right now that  some of us cant travel to China. And so, those kind of things tend to be obstacles, but overall team thats out there executing. 
Travis Steed: Great. Thanks for taking the question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Josh Jennings : Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, I was hoping to just start get an understanding of your comments around patient backlog in TAVR or checks with some physician experts are anecdotal, but they are relying that when they clear their patients, most of their they one even said they cant find a patient thats saying that they delayed their procedure because of COVID. And so, is your backlog, when you talk about primary care physician offices. Is this just the incidence in 2020 that these  that just were not diagnosed are now coming back to the channel and there are just more patients with aortic stenosis that have not been diagnosed yet and kind of getting diagnosed whether its primary care physicians or general cardiologists and then moving to the channel. Is that the primary thrust of your backlog comment? 
Mike Mussallem: We think so. The risk of over simplifying, yes, indeed, we believe that during COVID, people were more fearful of COVID and entering the system with COVID than they were concerned about their AS in many cases. We even had some clinicians tell us, when patients are home and they are not very active, they may not even demonstrate some of the symptoms they might have if they were more active.  But we do hear that they are coming back now. Its been again, anecdotal. So, I am a little hesitant to say that we know exactly where thats coming from, Josh. So, for example, we had one physician at a leading that tells you things that the patients that are coming back now are sicker than they were before and that will show up in the numbers.  But again, totally anecdotal one all, but weve heard enough of this that we believe that their patients that are coming back into the system and we saw the kind of a surge in the second quarter. 
Josh Jennings : Thanks for that. And maybe just one quick follow-up on a similar topic. There is stronger adoption of handheld ultrasound technologies, more technologies coming into play. Are there any enabling technologies that will enhance or accelerate the diagnosis of these undiagnosed aortic stenosis patients in the primary care office or the general cardiologist offices giving you some optimism about the deeper penetration of TAVR resume forward here? Thanks. Thanks for taking the questions. 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thank you. We think there is a host of technologies that are still pretty early and weve been backers of some of these that could really help with the diagnosis of valvular disease. There is, it comes from many directions and we think as the world digitizes and there is more handheld devices, and there is more ability to bounce signals off the cloud, whether its EKGs or stethoscopes or and handheld devices of all sort, especially that can listen to heart sounds that this is going to be enhanced. Ill avoid doing a commercial for any particular companies, but there are numbers that are pursuing this exact thing and we think its a very helpful sort of megatrend for us. 
Josh Jennings : Great. Thanks a lot.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Petrone : Great. Congrats on a quarter. Hope everyone is well. Two quick ones. One would be just on the competitive dynamics in Europe in particular and just maybe a quick update on the pricing dynamics there just given that the environment is a little bit more richer with competitors in that region of the world.  And then, the second would be, on the $7 billion global TAVR outlook, that figure has not factored in asymptomatic. So, just wondering taking the temperature here on asymptomatic latest thoughts on size that opportunity and how that market opportunity can be untapped over time? Thanks 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. Well, I am sure that everybody, Anthony, gets a chance to track whats going on with the various companies that are engaged in TAVR. In general, in Europe, there is a pretty full complement of competitors. It seems there was that the two leading companies probably account to close to 85% of the volume in Europe.  So it gives you a bit of a sense, I dont know if thats exactly helpful for what you are looking for. Was there more, lets see, thats $7 billion opportunity, you are right. It has very little asymptomatic in it. We have a big early TAVR trial thats going on right now. And you also heard that we initiated a trial of patients with moderate AS. Those are not in that number. So, I tried to cover it in our general remarks.  The $7 billion in 2025, we dont see as sort of at the top of some curve. This has the potential to grow significantly more, particularly if we can demonstrate the value of TAVR for these patients that today have  or not really indicated and we think these trials have the potential to do that. 
Anthony Petrone : Thanks again. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citi. Please state your question. 
Joanne Wuensch : Thank you for taking the question and a nice quarter. Two quick questions. If PASCAL is approved in the United States by the end of next year, does that mean data at ACC? 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We dont have great visibility as to when we are going to see data. Certainly, we are going to see it sometime next year. But I am not sure what medium we are going to see that. Its too early for us to be able to judge it. But what we think from a timing perspective is that, we should have that approval by the end of next year, which means we are probably launching and then you could see it in the numbers in 2023. 
Joanne Wuensch : And I think that the TMTT numbers in outside the United States is inching up nicely. Is there anything that you are learning from that process or from that launch that will make it easier to bring it into United States? And thank you. 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Joanne. So, obviously, we have learned a lot from those experiences and as we mentioned, we have a high touch model. So we are in every case. So, we get the chance to learn about that on a regular basis. We are highly focused not necessarily on just trying to drive sales, but to make sure that we get great results and weve been really pleased so far that weve had differentiated outcomes. And thats base to focus, because we are in this for the long run. We know that these patients today could be served better and we are striving to do exactly that. 
Joanne Wuensch : Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink. Please state your question. 
Danielle Antalffy : Hi. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks so much for taking the question. Just  and congrats on a good quarter. Just a follow-up to Joshs question on the backlog. I guess, Mike, I am just curious, previously, you talked about this knocking a backlog type of market given the high mortality rate for these patients if they dont get treated. So, I guess, I am curious about the increased level of confidence that there is a backlog, first of all. And second of all, is it really about low risk patients and if you have a sense of whether you are treating a higher percentage of low risk patients right now. Any color you can give on the patient mix that gives you conviction that this is a backlog work down versus just strong underlying volume? 
Mike Mussallem: Sure. And again, Dan, we are trying to share with you our best thinking on what we believe. We believe that this occurred upstream, part of what was driving our comments in the past and you are exactly right. Weve said, hey, AS patients dont score very well and we think thats true. But remember, we said there were 10,000 patients treated in  I mean, 20,000 patients treated in Q2 and 30,000 this Q2. So, big difference and so, its that  so, all those 10,000 patients all come. It doesnt take very many to move numbers like they moved in Q2. So, we believe that its patients across all risk levels. Even I think, people sometimes dont understand the low risk patients are quite old in many cases. And so, its not just simply the newer indication. Its broadly that these patients that were elderly and had risk of COVID were hesitant to enter the system. We believe that they are more likely when signs of optimism really reaches a peak in the second quarter to reenter the system and be treated. And that we got some lift out of that. But we dont have perfect visibility on that. So, I cant be more quantitative. 
Danielle Antalffy : No, thats helpful. Thanks, Mike. Thats it for me.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please state your question. 
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Two related to clinical trials and so such a big part of the pipeline story today. First, just to piggyback on Joannes question. Has CLASP 2d completed enrollment yet, because it would seem like that would have to happen soon to make a spring meeting. 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. You know what, we dont share the details of exactly where we are on that. But we do feel like we have a fair amount of visibility into the pipeline. Weve been progressing really well, feel like we are on track to have our enrollment in place and to be able to make our submissions, so that we could have an end of year next year approval. 
Chris Pasquale: Okay. And then, you touched, Mike, a little bit earlier, but there is a lot of overlap between the patients you guys are treating in many of these studies and those that were most impacted by COVID. Do you have any concern about COVID in reducing noise into these studies that could complicate interpretation of the data down the road? Just curious how you are thinking about that. If you are doing anything to try and head that off? 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Chris, thats a good observation. Yes, we are concerned about that. Especially those studies where rehospitalization or hospitalization is measured as an indicator in both the controlled group and the test group, those things can definitely get affected by, during a moment like a COVID outbreak. So, it is of concern. Its very much on FDAs radar screen and I am sure all companies that do trials that have those sort of end play.  Our PIs are all about it. And then, the good news is, between our principal investigators and the FDA people are cognizant of it and are working together to try and deal with those variabilities. 
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS. Please state your question. 
Matt Taylor: Hi. Thank you for taking the questions and congrats on the quarter. Again just want to see if I could get more specificities from you on regions that you are operating in that arent doing so well. You mentioned there is some in Europe and some concerns in Japan and APAC. Just want to think about how we should view them improving or getting worse in Q3 versus Q2. Could you give us any insight into that? 
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I mean, what happens is, to get really discrete and go country-by-country might be misleading, because we would get into countries that are pretty small, but might not make a difference. We tend to look at it in terms of the U.S. in total, Europe in total, Japan, as a region and then the rest of the world.  When we look at each of those discretely, even though each one has its hotspots. So, for example, you know very well where those hotspots are in the U.S. The places that are vulnerable to low growth. But the U.S. in total, looks quite positive. The same thing in Europe. There are countries, some of the Nordic countries, we can  I can go on to greater level of specifics that are struggling more.  But overall, Europe is doing pretty well. They performed at a high level in the second quarter. Japan, in a lockdown, but then at the same time they have the approval for low risk and we have optimism about the future.  So, each of these is positive. But even the rest of the world has put very nice growth. So, we dont have a hotspot that probably affects a major region. More of those are going to be smaller in their nature, if that makes sense, Matt. 
Matt Taylor: Yes. Thats good color. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. And thats at the end of todays Question-And-Answer Session. I will now turn it back to management for closing remarks.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and Mark and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-20 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences First Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. . Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you, Diego. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. With me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released first quarter 2021 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial statements and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to: financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those associated with the pandemic that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release, our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com. Finally, a quick reminder that when using terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call are included in today's press release.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments. Mike?
Mike Mussallem : Thank you, Mark. As we anniversary our one-year impact of the pandemic on our financial results, I'd like to briefly reflect on the current environment and to discuss our 2021 and longer-term priorities as a company. I'd also like to touch on Edwards' response to the pandemic and our efforts to better support our patients, employees in the community. Recall that our sales were dramatically impacted in the last few weeks of Q1 2020 as procedures fell due to COVID disruptions. One year later after an extraordinarily difficult global crisis, I'm encouraged by the signs of recovery and although we recognize that many people are still struggling around the world. Our sales growth this quarter was better than expected across all product lines. Although we expect the pandemic will impact the global healthcare system, based on the environment as we exited the quarter, we have continued confidence in our positive 2021 outlook.
Scott Ullem: Thanks, Mike. Well, we are encouraged by the start to our year. Despite COVID still impacting the global health care system in the first quarter, we were able to post positive year-over-year sales growth across all of our product lines and regions as our advanced therapies helped patients globally. Total sales grew 5% year-over-year on an underlying basis, which was better than the flat growth we expected when we gave guidance for the first quarter back in January. This stronger-than-expected sales performance fell through to the bottom line, resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $0.54, which was 8% higher than the first quarter of 2020. The improvement in our sales performance during the quarter was choppy, but we exited the quarter in a stronger position, and that gives us continued confidence in our outlook for the balance of the year. While macro conditions remain variable across our key geographies, we're projecting total sales in the second quarter to grow sequentially to between $1.25 billion and $1.33 billion, resulting in adjusted earnings per share of $0.54 to $0.60. As our business continues to rebound from the impact of COVID, we expect sales to strengthen and expenses to grow as travel and clinical trials ramp up. We are maintaining all of our previous sales guidance ranges for 2021. For total Edwards, we expect sales of $4.9 billion to $5.3 billion; for TAVR, $3.2 billion to $3.6 billion; for TMTT, approximately $80 million; for Surgical Structural Heart, $800 million to $900 million; and for Critical Care, $725 million to $800 million. And based on our first quarter earnings, we are raising full year adjusted earnings per share guidance to $2.07 to $2.27, up from $2 to $2.20. So now I'll cover additional details of our results. For the first quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 76% compared to 76.7% in the same period last year. This reduction was driven by a negative impact from foreign exchange and incremental costs associated with responding to COVID, partially offset by improved manufacturing efficiencies. We continue to expect our 2021 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 77%. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were $331 million or 27.2% of sales compared to $308 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily driven by the strengthening of OUS currencies, primarily the euro, and personnel-related costs, partially offset by reduced travel spending resulting from COVID. As I mentioned earlier, we anticipate our spending will increase during the year as travel restrictions subside and we resume a more normalized operating environment. We continue to expect full year 2021 SG&A as a percentage of sales, excluding special items, to be 28% to 29%, similar to pre-COVID levels. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 10% to $207 million or 17% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter innovations. For the full year 2021, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be in the 17% to 18% range, similar to pre-COVID levels, as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence to expand indications for TAVR and TMTT. Turning to taxes, our reported tax rate this quarter was 13.1%. This rate included a 290 basis point benefit from the accounting for stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full year rate in 2021, excluding special items, to be between 11% and 15%, including an estimated benefit of 4 percentage points from stock-based compensation accounting. Foreign exchange rates increased first quarter reported sales growth by 280 basis points or $30 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect an approximate $60 million positive impact or about 1% to full year 2021 sales compared to 2020. FX rates negatively impacted our first quarter gross profit margin by 150 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our January guidance, FX rates positively impacted our first quarter EPS by about $0.01. Free cash flow for the first quarter was $195 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $301 million, less capital spending of $106 million. Before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll finish with an update on our balance sheet and share repurchase activities. We continue to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet with approximately $2.1 billion in cash and investments as of March 31, 2021. We repurchased 3.6 million shares for $303 million during the first quarter and have approximately $300 million remaining in our share repurchase authorization. We plan to continue to execute our strategy of offsetting dilution from incentive stock compensation as well as opportunistically reducing our shares outstanding over time. Average shares outstanding during the first quarter were 631 million, down approximately 1 million from the prior quarter. We continue to expect average shares outstanding for 2021 to be between 630 million and 635 million. So with that, I'll pass it back to Mike.
Mike Mussallem : Thanks, Scott. We remain confident in our long-term patient-focused strategy and our innovation pipeline. To serve the many patients separate from structural heart disease, we have never stopped investing in our people, our innovative technologies and our new growth capacity. As a company, we expect that Edwards will be positioned even stronger and in a position to help more patients than ever as the world fully emerges from this pandemic. So with that, I'll turn the call back over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Mike. So Diego, with that, we're ready to take questions now. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one, plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego?
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Bob Hopkins: Oh, great. Thank you and good afternoon. One thing that I'd love to get your view on is that it kind of stood out in the quarter is the TAVR growth rate you guys put up in the first quarter outside the United States and especially outside the United States and excluding Europe, given some of the numbers you gave us. So I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about that. And specifically, was Japan and maybe China really strong in the quarter, Mike? Just love your take on what happened outside the U.S. this quarter with TAVR.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thank, Bob., That's a correct observation. Clearly, OUS did pull our performance up in the quarter. And even though Europe grew nicely, most of this came from Japan and other countries. And so Japan was pretty significant in size. And so it really was a meaningful contributor to growth. But it certainly wasn't alone. You could go across many other countries, its sort of that normally dont get called out like the Australias or the Koreas and these kind of places in the world where its underpenetrated. And we just dont have TAVR rates where they should be at. Were really strong growers. Some of that may have been that they were impacted earlier by the pandemic. And so the year-over-year comparisons are a bit stronger. But frankly, the numbers were just up. We continue to see that therapy grow in those areas. China, we're very early in that game. It was not a meaningful contributor to those results, so it's really not a factor.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. I mean one quick follow-up on that is just, was there anything in particular that you think that gave you better results in Japan this quarter? And then on Europe, I'm just curious, did Europe get worse over the course of the quarter, just following what happened with COVID? Or was it pretty stable? Or did it improve like the U.S.? Just curious on that.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So in Japan, there was no specific thing that drove this. We've been focused in Japan for many years, and actually, somewhat disappointed that adoption rates haven't been higher. And so this has been a long-term and consistent effort, and it's really nice to just continue to see the adoption. We are glad to see this approval for low-risk in Japan that will start having some meaning later on in the year. In Europe, it was interesting. It was kind of choppy, I would say, not consistent across all countries. We still saw the countries that were less penetrated, probably have a little bit more growth in those countries that have traditionally been strong. And if you looked at it through the course of the quarter, it exited pretty solid, I think, similar to the overall growth rate of the quarter. So I don't think there was anything notable there, Bob.
Bob Hopkins: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Robert Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a good quarter. Maybe the opposite of Bob's question in the U.S., it'd be great to get a sense of sort of the trends you're seeing, how the quarter went and especially with so many of the adults, particularly the 65 and older population now fully vaccinated. Are you starting to see trends improve there? And then maybe I'll just ask a second question upfront. I've heard from a lot of doctors throughout the COVID time that the time from diagnosis to screening to treatment with TAVR is starting to compress. I want to see if you're seeing that on a company level, and if so, is that a durable trend? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. So let's talk about the U.S. The U.S. did improve during the course of the quarter, no doubt about it, but we would call it choppy. It wasn't straight up. So for example, things were tough in January and February, and clearly got better in March. Although when you got toward the back end of March and you had spring break, you felt that effect as well. But clearly, an upward trend. I just remember the sort of the roller coaster that we went on, Robbie, when we first put out the TAVR estimates of 15% to 20% growth in our December investor conference, we were feeling pretty good about it. When we got to the end of January and reported Q1, we were saying, well, we're still in that range, but probably we're a little lower in that range just based on things we're going. And then here, they went and recovered nicely. So we feel confident about the 15% to 20% range going forward. So hopefully, that helps you get a sense for the U.S. In terms of the question about, is it easier? All hospitals are not identical in the way that they screen patients. And so although some are more efficient and getting more efficient, others are more challenging. And one of the things that happens when you have COVID, so in addition to all the tests that you run through, you also have to do COVID tests before you would come into the hospital. So it just becomes a hassle for these patients in addition to just the fear factor. So I wouldn't say it's uniform. Overall, hospitals will get a little better, but it's still a battle. The good news is length of stay is coming down. Hospitals are clearly improving in that regard. And maybe some of that is COVID driven, but it seems to be a trend as well.
Robert Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question, and I had two. Maybe I'll start with the first on the guidance here. Mike, on your comments on 15% to 20%, in January, you felt perhaps low end seems more appropriate. You just beat Q1 at the high end, it looks like procedures have come back. So I'm thinking, are we -- should we be looking at the high end of the guide? And I think that 15% to 20%, just to put a finer point that, that's versus last year's guide, right? If you look at the actual TAVR revenue numbers, I mean, this is more like a 16% to 26% growth off of actual fiscal 2020 TAVR numbers?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. No. Thanks, Vijay. We feel pretty good about the fact that we're putting pretty specific guidance out there in the first place. And guidance is not that simple during the age of COVID. We did  we do feel better about it. We probably would tend to guide people more towards the middle of the range, Vijay. Of course, it's possible for it to be higher and lower. And this is going to be somewhat dependent on what your perspective is about COVID. So even in the U.S. or certainly across Europe, if COVID is more challenging, it will put pressure on our numbers. If things go -- vaccinations go nicely and COVID really, we start winning the battle, it helps us trend towards the higher end. But I feel like there's pretty balance in the guidance that we tried to advance.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And then I did have one, perhaps more a bigger picture question, Mike. I guess the question we've gotten is, how derisked is mitral? Because if I had to make a thesis, mitral is going to be a really big TAM, much bigger than TAVR. I guess the question was, look, you've had COAPT versus MITRA-FR, patient selection matters. Then when I look at your trials, you have two different trials on the replacement side, SAPIEN M3 and the EVOQUE. Is that a two-valve strategy? Is that perhaps Edwards trying to take a portfolio approach? Are these valves different? Or I guess I'm trying to ask how derisked is mitral? Are we at a point where we know exactly what patients we need to select and this is just a question of time before mitral ends up being much larger than TAVR?
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for that, Vijay. Well, you can probably get a sense in terms of how dedicated Edwards is to pursue transcatheter mitral in tricuspid. We really think it's a big opportunity. We think it's within our reach, and we think the time is right for us to go after it and we're going after it with a lot of energy. You know we're pursuing it with a toolbox. To say it's derisked, would be overstating the situation at this point. It certainly is not derisked. There's leaflet therapy out there right now that has a fair amount of data around it, but there is still limited data on replacement, limited data in tricuspid. And I think each time you see results from these trials, and you see them actually in human use, you start to see more and more derisking and more and more clarity and frankly, more clarity on which patients are appropriate for which therapies. And I would say that's not fully known at this point. We have some pretty good ideas. And maybe we know more than most because we have so many technologies advancing in this space, but there's still more to learn. And so I'll turn your attention mostly to these big clinical meetings where there'll be reporting the results from mitral and tricuspid trials to get a sense for us getting a better understanding of the opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: Mike, one on early TAVR, one on TMTT. Just on early TAVR, just a clarification, Mike, I thought I heard you say earlier that you expect to complete the trial in 2021. Maybe that's just enrollment, but the clinicaltrials.gov was just updated in April, it says the primary endpoint will be reached in December 2021. So my question is, can you just tell us kind of what the status is on enrollment and when we could expect to see a data readout there? And I have one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Sorry, if there was a lack of clarity on it. What I meant to infer is we're striving to achieve enrollment completion by the end of 2021. You may have also gotten from my comments that enrollment was a little lighter than we like in Q1, and that anticipates actually that we're going to have increased enrollment as the year goes on and COVID gets a little bit more under control. So we're working hard to get there. Remember that there's a 2-year endpoint on this trial as well.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful, Mike. On TMTT can you talk a little bit more? You seem to be getting traction -- nice traction there, a little bit more about what you're seeing in the mitral and tricuspid business is there. I don't know if you're willing to kind of split out mitral and versus tricuspid. But any color you're willing to provide would be helpful.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, Larry. Yes, at this point, clearly, there's more sales in mitral than there is in tricuspid. Tricuspid is pretty new, still -- I mean, it's been a pretty impressive ramp in tricuspid. We're pleased with what we're seeing. We think the opportunity is a nice one, but still, the opportunity is at least the sales right now, is to a great majority related to mitral. There's still more centers that are doing this. And so for Edwards, actually activating sites is important, very careful training, trying to make sure that we get great outcomes. Those are all critical success factors. But I don't know if that helps answer your question.
Larry Biegelsen: It does.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen.
Joshua Jennings: And congratulations on the strong start to the year. I have two questions on TAVR. The first one, just on low-risk bicuspid, the PARTNER 3 bicuspid registry data has been made public. And just wanted to get a sense of -- from you, if your team is relaying the penetration of TAVR into the low-risk bicuspid opportunity, where it sits and with the registry data on hand now? And where can that go? And the follow-up question is just thinking about the replacement cycle for TAVR, I know it's still very early, but as younger patients are getting implanted with TAVR and the TAVR opportunity out in the out years, maybe even past 2024. But Mike, do you mind just framing of what needs to be done clinically to bring TAVR and SAVR into a place maybe where TAVR and SAVR sits today?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, Josh. So let me take a shot at this. So overall, we're pleased with our bicuspid data. I don't have anything specific breakout to share with you. We routinely treat a lot of bicuspid patients. And I think what will be interesting is what we mentioned in this upcoming meeting, I believe it's EuroPCR. You're going to see a report of a pretty significant registry of patients that are bicuspid patients that have been treated with transcatheter technology. So that should be an interesting data point and help give you some good insight. That's just here within the next couple of months. In terms of where we are in the journey for TAVR -- in TAVR versus TAVR and SAVR, you hear clinicians talking much more about how do I plan a lifetime therapy, right? What should be for a given patient, given their age, given their disease, what should be the first treatment? What might be the second? Should it be surgery first, TAVR second, SAVR first, then surgery, then another TAVR and all that. And that's a very active discussion. I think there's been some really strong evidence that says TAVR and TAVR is good, as well as TAVR in SAVR. So those are both proven to be realistic options. And so now it's trying to sort through for any given patient what's the best therapy. And it's on the podium pretty regularly, and I think we're on a pretty steep learning curve in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from Cecilia Furlong with Morgan Stanley.
Cecilia Furlong: I guess I wanted to start off with TMTT again and just really, as you're expanding in Europe and you think about the $80 million in 2021, really what's coming from kind of further account penetration versus account expansion as you factor that into your guidance?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Cecilia. The short answer is, I'm not sure. Clearly, more sites is an important component here. I also know that there's an increase within the existing sites. But probably site expansion is the biggest part of that, if you were to just have to pick one versus the other, given the outcomes.
Cecilia Furlong: Okay. Great. And I guess I did want to turn back to TAVR in Japan and just what you're seeing there. Really just ahead of low-risk reimbursement, if that has changed dynamics in terms of just interest versus kind of what you've seen historically and that being kind of a driver of recent strength?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, Cecilia. Yes, we believe that clinicians and the environment in general is pretty disciplined in Japan and that clinicians do treat to approved guidelines. And so we don't think that there's a lot of low risk that's in the current numbers. And so we expect that to be a positive boost.  Having said that, as we've talked about before, treatment rates in Japan compared to where they should be are just low. There's almost as many elderly in Japan as there are in the United States but it's still dramatically less treated. So we still have work to do. There's still potentially a lot of upside there. We're pleased to see the growth rates, but we're not pleased at the penetration rates yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse.
Matt Miksic: So I'm hoping, Mike, you could shed some light on just a couple of dynamics that we get questions about often and how they potentially affecting the growth of the TAVR business globally and maybe especially in the U.S. So these two things, and I'll keep it to one question are first, the idea that TAVR somehow benefited during COVID, this idea of a preference for TAVR or SAVR, driven by length of stay and that potentially maybe that rolled back towards SAVR over time somewhat? And then the second is sort of what you've contemplated in terms of -- you gained an awful lot of share -- a fair amount of share from your largest competitor over the past 1.5 years or so. And how much you contemplated sort of having to feed that back and maybe what you've seen on that front so far as it compares to what you've assumed?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Well, thanks Matt. So a couple of things. I mean clearly, we've heard clinicians and hospitals talk a lot about their focus on length of stay and about how helpful it is if they don't have to utilize their ICU or have patients that stay in the hospital.  Having said that, I would say that if you were to take the U.S. mix, for example, of TAVR versus SAVR during the pandemic, that's remained relatively flat. There really we haven't seen TAVR versus SAVR or vice versa advantage very much during the pandemic. It's been pretty stable. And so it's difficult to know if that's COVID related or if it's just a sign of the times, but that's the observation. You also asked -- you also -- the second part of the question was about share. Yes, we feel pretty good about our competitive position. We're really pleased with the performance of SAPIEN 3 Ultra, it's demonstrated not only to be easy to use, but low complication rates and its length of stay has been remarkable, and people have really been able to count on it during the pandemic. I don't know anything that's going to change that. We continue to be aggressive innovators and we'll continue to advance the state-of-the-art. But we've gotten a lot of positive feedback from clinicians.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citibank.
Joanne Wuensch: And nice quarter. Is there a way to quantify backlog of patients that have cut off a procedure during COVID-19?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Joanne, it's a tough one. We do think about that a lot. In general, we don't think that there's a significant backlog of patients. Clearly, it's variable across centers. There might be some centers actually that have some, but we don't think that, that's significant. More of what we found during the pandemic is that at the same time, when centers have a capacity problem and it impacts their implants, it also tends to impact their screening. So you don't necessarily get this backlog built up. They tend to move more or less in parallel. So it's not one that tends to drive a big backlog.
Joanne Wuensch: And as a follow-up question, I'm sort of curious what you're sort of seeing in terms of the clinical trials. It sounds as if you've restarted many of them, are they back to what I would call sort of normalized run rate in terms of enrollment?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, Joanne. Yes, we never officially stopped any clinical trials. They were clearly slower in the first quarter. And so that was a factor. Actually, interestingly enough, the CLASP IID trial actually enrolled pretty nicely in the second quarter. So it wasn't uniform. But I'd say most of our trials were impacted. We're -- we think that the clinicians that we're working with, they're eager to get back at it. To say we're back at pre-COVID rates, I think would be an overstatement. But I think we should start building back up again. And as we mentioned, I think the regulators have been pretty good thought partners in this as we try and really react to what COVID has done to clinical trials.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink.
Danielle Antalffy: Mike, I have one TAVR question and one PASCAL question for you. First, on TAVR in Japan, so you've talked a lot about how Japan has sort of -- I don't know, has underperformed your internal expectations, is the right way to think about it. But what is going on there? And what is -- like what's going to change the tide in a meaningful way in Japan? And then again, just one quick follow-up on that.
Mike Mussallem: Danielle, it's multifaceted in Japan in terms of what's going on. We think there needs to be more centers in Japan, amongst other things because in many cases, patients like to stay within their own region to get treated, and we don't have TAVR centers in all regions. There still is some pretty high requirement for TAVR centers to begin in Japan. They actually have to be cleared by an external panel. And so it's not just between us and the clinicians. And we're hoping that low-risk, it has the possibility of being a catalyst to be able to help along the way and maybe simplify this journey for clinicians and patients.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay. That's helpful. And then on PASCAL, big catalyst potentially coming next year with the late 2022 U.S. launch, what can you talk about as far as learnings in Europe as you're opening new centers? I mean has your progress in Europe -- I appreciate COVID has had an impact here, but has your progress in Europe given you sort of a blueprint for what you might -- how you might approach the U.S.? Maybe talk a little bit about that, if you could?
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Yes, you're right, Danielle. Naturally, we're learning quite a bit in Europe, as you might imagine. What we stay focused on, and I think we've been pretty vocal about this, is trying to maintain a really, I'll call it, a high-touch model. So we stay very close to clinicians, try and help make sure that they have terrific outcomes, that they're very well trained and that they get incredible results. And we think we can't do anything more important than that to really drive the adoption of the therapy on a long-term basis. We're optimistic about the U.S. It's very large. Even though things have been -- we've had nice growth in Europe. The pandemic doesn't make it easy. You can imagine the biggest user of this technology is Germany; and when Germany goes through tough times, it doesn't make it so easy. So we're a bit dependent on this. But we're going to apply much of the same strategy in the U.S. that we apply it in Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Petrone with Jefferies.
Anthony Petrone: Congratulations, strong start to the year. I'll have two questions on -- I'll ask upfront. The first would be on early TAVR for asymptomatic patients. Just wondering to get -- if you could provide some high-level comments on sort of the latest view on the asymptomatic opportunity. And then once we sort of get there in the next year or so with data, how influential the findings from the study will be at opening up asymptomatic. And then on existing U.S. centers, maybe just a refresh on where the average TAVR volumes are today. And when you think about fewer hospital end days, how significant of a driver could that be to average utilization, that average utilization number?
Mike Mussallem: So let me start with the asymptomatic trial, the early TAVR trial. We think this is a really important trial One of the obstacles for patients to be treated is they can have severe aortic stenosis. And if there's uncertainty whether they have symptoms, then they're not treated because that's what guidelines say that assessing and identifying symptoms is a very sketchy game. It's subject to a lot of misinterpretation. So if we took that requirement out of the equation, we think it would be very meaningful. And if you could simply take some echo measurements and say, "Hey, this patient has severe aortic stenosis and that drives treatment." That simplifies the diagnosis dramatically. It would make a big difference. So we think that's important. The second question, I didn't fully understand. Do you mind, Anthony, saying it again?
Anthony Petrone: Sure. When you look at the average U.S. volumes in U.S. TAVR centers today, is there a number where average utilization is just in terms of monthly surgical volumes? When you think of fewer hospital end days as a driver, does that have the potential to move that average utilization number higher?
Mike Mussallem: Okay. So we've seen new hospitals come into the system, and that's been -- that's helped with growth. We feel like hospitals have the ability to add capacity if that's really underlying your question and that they do that quite well. They can do it by adding days. They can do it by adding clinicians. And we found them routinely able to do it and not really be a big burden to them. And so it is clearly helpful when the length of stay is shorter but some of it is their own practices. If they're able to do, for example, multiple TAVRs in a day, that really helps if they're able to discharge patient faster, that helps. And all those are improving. And also, I would just say generally, their desire to be able to increase capacity. So it's -- we're getting to a place where TAVR is becoming far more predictable than it had been in the past, and that really helps hospitals' ability to plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Maeder with Piper Sandler.
Adam Maeder: Maybe just sticking with the capacity theme. I wanted to ask about new U.S. TAVR centers and kind of where we are today. I think there was a lot of optimism in 2019 with the new NCD that would span a couple of hundred new TAVR centers, COVID-19 has obviously been impactful. But just wondering if we're starting to see some green shoots again and new centers open up? Or are we just not quite there yet? And then I have a follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Adam, I hope your follow-up is for Scott Ullem. He's getting lonely over here without any questions. But let me get to your question. Yes, we're probably approaching something around 800 centers in the U.S. It's interesting even during the pandemic, there's been an increase each quarter, maybe 10 to 20 centers per quarter. And so it's gradually increased. We've been impressed that centers have actually come online during the pandemic, who tells you about their desire to be able to bring the TAVR treatment to these structural heart patients. So we've been doing nicely. I think at the time of the NCD, we thought the number might go to 850. We really don't have any update on that at this point. So maybe that gives you a sense of where we are.
Adam Maeder: That's really helpful, Mike. And apologies to Scott, but one follow-up on the TAVR side of things in the pipeline. Just -- it's been a little bit of time here, I think, since we've gotten an update on the SAPIEN X4 program. So just wondering if there's any new developments you can share there? And is that something you still plan? I think you're planning to move that to a pivotal trial at some point in '21. So is that still the case? And just when will we learn more about the feature set and product design?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, at this point, Adam, we're not prepared to share more about the feature set of the product line. We are still expecting to begin the clinical trial in 2021. And I think maybe even from a bigger picture perspective, although we're really pleased with where we are on TAVR, we're just not going to stop innovating. We continue to find opportunities for us to improve this therapy and make it better for patients and we're just going to stay relentless in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS.
Matt Taylor: Maybe I'll try to get Scott involved. I guess I'm just wondering, with -- slightly, but you had better-than-expected growth across the product lines in Q1, and you basically raised guidance by the beat for the year. But I'm just curious, at least from a high-level standpoint, are you feeling better about the year now that you have one card turned over here, one quarter under the belt? And why not raise guidance more? Is that out of an abundance of caution? Or have things gotten worse to the point where you don't feel comfortable doing that yet?
Scott Ullem: Well, look, we're pleased with what happened in the first quarter, both in terms of sales and how much of that fell right through to the bottom line. But just to take you back, remember at our investor conference in December, where we laid out guidance for all of 2021, we said it was assuming 3 things. And that was that we get through the winter months that vaccinations get widely administered and that hospitals remain open. And when we got to January, in our earnings call in late January, it felt pretty bad. I mean we felt like things would probably on the margin gotten worse, not better since our investor conference. But here we are now having seen the results of the first quarter and we're feeling positive and still confident about the guidance that we laid out originally in December. We think it's going to be choppy. It has been choppy in the first quarter, although there's certainly signs of strength, and it's the reason why we still feel confident in the guidance that we've laid out for the second quarter and reiterating the guidance for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: One for Mike, one for Scott. First one for Mike. As the world begins to recover post-COVID, I'm curious if you're seeing any changes with any referral channels you talked about, smaller centers outperforming larger centers. Have you seen local docs help drive increased diagnosis of patients within their markets?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Pito, I think it's not fair to say that we've really seen meaningful changes in the referral centers. One of the things we have seen though is -- and then we just hear this anecdotally that patients maybe are less likely to travel long distances to a center of excellence, and they're more likely to want to stay local to their centers. And so that's probably been in there to some extent, probably driven some of the behavior during the pandemic.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. And then for Scott, I get the cost will increase as travel and conferences begin to pick up again as revenues begin to recovery here. But if you can quantify how much travel conferences will generally impact expenses throughout the year?
Scott Ullem: Yes. We're not going to break down travel versus the other expenses, but now there are a couple of different drivers of our expectation that expenses increase. One is just actual travel and people out in the field; two is more training, more time going in person to society meetings to the extent that those start coming more in person. And then, of course, on the clinical trials, and we're expecting that clinical trial enrollment will continue to increase. That's a number that shows up in our research and development expense line item on our income statement. So those are at least some of the pieces that will be influencing our overall expense ramp in the rest of 2021.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James.
Jayson Bedford: No one's asked about the strength in Surgical. And I realize there's a comp dynamic, but I can't remember last time Surgical grew faster than TAVR. So just a couple of questions on that. Can we assume most of the strength was from international markets? Were there any stocking orders that impacted growth? And you also mentioned growth was helped by premium products. Any way to parse out procedure growth versus dollar growth?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So a few things. One is, you're right. Surgical rates dropped pretty precipitously in late March. So some of that is a comparable. So that should go into account. But actually, the U.S. was quite strong. It certainly was comparable, if not slightly stronger than the global rates. And so I think it certainly was broad globally, but the U.S. was good. And I don't know if that ended up answering the question.
Operator: Thank you. That's all the time we have for questions today. I will turn the floor back to management for closing remarks.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks all very much for your continued interest in Edwards. And Scott and Mark and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. Back to you, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. And just a reminder, to access a replay of this call, you can dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415, once again, the number is (877) 660-6853 and use conference ID 13717235, once again conference ID 13717235. This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2020 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.  I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Diego. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us everyone. With me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released fourth quarter 2020 financial results.
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Mark. Before we discuss fourth quarter's results and our expectations for 2021 and beyond, I want to spend a minute reflecting on 2020. Structural heart patients were severely impacted beginning in March, experiencing significant difficulties entering the system, which also had a profound impact on second quarter procedures and even though healthcare systems adapted to the challenge, the resurgence of COVID that began late in the year continues to impact structural heart patients, who need care. Despite unprecedented challenges throughout the year, I'm proud of our team's steadfast dedication to our patient-focused strategy. We continue to invest in developing solutions that extend lives, improve the quality of life and offer greater value for the healthcare system. Along those lines, we celebrated some exciting milestones in 2020 that directly impacted patients. In TAVR, despite headwinds, more than 100,000 patients benefited from treatment with SAPIEN valves worldwide.
Scott Ullem: Hey, thanks a lot Mike. Today, I'll provide a wrap-up of 2020 including detailed results from the fourth quarter as well as provide an update on guidance for the first quarter and full year of 2021. Despite the wave of COVID that began during the fourth quarter, we are pleased that we were able to achieve our sales guidance ranges across all product lines. Sales in the fourth quarter were flat year-over-year on an underlying basis and adjusted earnings per share grew 2% to $0.50 versus the prior year. GAAP earnings per share was similar at $0.49. For the full year 2020, sales increased 1% on an underlying basis to $4.4 billion, adjusted earnings per share was flat at $1.86 and we generated over $700 million of adjusted free cash flow. During 2020, we achieved cost efficiencies, but we intentionally did not take any actions to significantly impact our employees or reduce investments supporting our long-term strategy. I'll now cover the details of our results and then discuss guidance for 2021. For the fourth quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 75.3% compared to 75.8% in the same period last year. This reduction was driven by a negative impact from foreign exchange and incremental costs associated with responding to COVID, partially offset by lower performance-based compensation. We continue to expect our 2021 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 77%. Our rate should be lifted by an improved product mix, partially offset by a negative impact from foreign exchange. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were $339 million or 28.4% of sales, compared to $347 million in the prior year. This decrease was primarily driven by reduced spending resulting from COVID and lower performance-based compensation, partially offset by the impact from foreign exchange. We continue to expect full year 2021 SG&A as a percentage of sales, excluding special items to be 28% to 29%, which is similar to pre-COVID levels. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 1% to $196 million or 16.4% of sales. This small increase was primarily the result of higher investments in TMTT and costs associated with discontinuing our SUTRAFIX program, partially offset by reduced performance-based compensation. For the full year 2021, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be in the 17% to 18% range, similar to pre-COVID levels, as we invest in developing new technologies and generating evidence to expand indications for TAVR and TMTT including enrolling seven clinical trials. Taxes, our reported tax rate this quarter was 13.1% or 13.9% excluding the impact of special items. This rate included a 350 basis point benefit from the accounting for stock-based compensation. Our full-year 2020 tax rate, excluding special items was 12.5%. We continue to expect our full year rate in 2021 excluding special items to be between 11% and 15%, including an estimated benefit of 5 percentage points from stock based compensation accounting. Foreign exchange rates increased fourth quarter reported sales growth by 150 basis points or $18 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect an approximate $100 million positive impact or about 2% to full year 2021 sales compared to 2020. FX rates negatively impacted our fourth quarter gross profit margin by 150 basis points compared to the prior year. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was $287 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $400 million, less capital spending of $113 million. Now turning to the balance sheet, we have a strong balance sheet with approximately $2.2 billion in cash and investments as of the end of the year. In addition, we have an undrawn line of credit of up to $1 billion. We have public bonds outstanding of about $600 million that don't mature until 2028. Average shares outstanding during the fourth quarter were 632 million, relatively consistent with the prior quarter. We now expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2021 to be between 630 million and 635 million. So before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll finish with financial guidance for 2021. We are maintaining all of our previous sales guidance ranges for 2021. For total Edwards, we expect sales of $4.9 billion to $5.3 billion. For TAVR, we expect sales of $3.2 billion to $3.6 billion. For TMTT, we expect sales of approximately $80 million. We expect Surgical Structural Heart sales of $800 million to $900 million and Critical Care sales of $725 million to $800 million. For the full year 2021, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share of $2 to $2.20. For the first quarter of 2021, we project total sales to be between $1.1billion and $1.2 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $0.43 to $0.50. And so with that, I'll pass it back to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. While a year like 2020 could threaten to cause persistent disruptions, our strategy of patient-focused innovations remains unwavering. As we look to 2021 and beyond, I'm as excited as ever about the work happening at Edwards and more importantly what we envision for the future of patient care. I continue to believe we are poised for success and that our innovation and cultural imperative to put patients first will drive strong organic sales growth and create long-term value.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks a lot, Mike. With that, we're ready to take questions. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and Management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. . Our first question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Bob Hopkins: Great and good afternoon. Mike, I was wondering, since we just met in December, if you comment on maybe just two quick things, first question would be just how different is the environment out there right now, the selling environment out there right now versus what you seeing at the time of the Analyst Day, kind of on the margins are things getting a little worse, are they getting a little better, just would love some thoughts on that topic and then I have one quick follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. I would say in general, it's been a little worse. It was already trending negative and we anticipated it was going to be a tough winter and it certainly has turned out to be that way, but probably a little worse since that time.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. And then the other thing I'd love to get your quick comments on is just thinking a little bit long-term on the tricuspid opportunity and the reason I ask is that obviously, Abbott has reported some numbers too and their tricuspid business is already annualizing at over $50 million, if you just take the results this quarter and multiply it times four, so it looks like some pretty robust interest in tricuspid repair right off the bat, so would love your thoughts on that market and how quickly you think that could develop and what hurdles might be. Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Bob. It's interesting. So the tricuspid market size in terms of number of patients, it's very large, it's certainly as big as the mitral opportunity and we've talked about the fact that that patient group is greatly underserved. So in terms of people actually getting procedures, you're talking about 1%, 2%, 3% very low numbers. So if we can actually develop a great solution for them, it's going to be an important deal. They don't have great answers. And so the burden is going to be on us to develop great solutions and to create evidence that we are actually doing that. We have -- we have a high level of confidence that we can do it, of course mitral is going to be bigger here in the near term. It's got an earlier start, but we think there is a lot of potential in this. The patients themselves are very diverse and that's why we think, when it's all done for tricuspid patients, it's going to require a portfolio.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
David Lewis: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Mike or Scott, I just want to followup here on guidance for a second. So obviously resurgence trends have probably trended more negatively than when you sort of gave earlier guidance in December, so while things are trending more negatively, you're still sort of holding things that are really going to drive even more significant inflection points, if you will, of course, we've got a great team, and a nice reputation and a nice really differentiated products, but the data is going to be the bigger issue and again it's -- it's got much more potential than this in the long run.
Operator: Thank you. And that's all the questions we have, I'll turn it back to Mr. Mussallem for closing remarks.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks for all the continued interest in Edwards, and even though COVID is challenging right now, we do see better days ahead and we're very optimistic about the future of Edwards Lifesciences. So Mark, Scott, and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you, Mark.
Operator: I don't think Mark's mic is open now, sir. Thank you. And this concludes today's conference and you can access the replay by dialing 877-660-6853, please use conference ID 13710472. Once again, to access the replay, please dial 877-660-6853 and using conference ID 13710472. Have a good day. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you. Greetings, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Third Quarter 2020 Results Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Diego. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. With me on todays call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released third quarter 2020 financial results. During todays call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but are not limited to financial guidance and expectations for longer term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those associated with COVID-19 pandemic that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information maybe found in the press release, our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Edwards other SEC filings, all of which are available on the companys website at edwards.com. Finally, a quick reminder that when using the terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are included in todays press release. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Mark. Let me begin by saying I am very proud of our passionate team and the way that they continue to serve patients during this difficult period. Our supply chain has delivered and our field team has continued to support the dedicated clinicians that count on Edwards. We are pleased to report better than expected third quarter results despite the challenges of the ongoing COVID pandemic. Sales of $1.1 billion increased 4% reflecting growth around the world. Global TAVR sales headlined our growth with continued adoption of our SAPIEN valve platform and a step-up in procedure volumes as newly diagnosed patients entered the system and were treated. In the third quarter, we are also pleased to report growing investments in new therapies and compelling clinical data announced at the recent TCT Connect Conference that we will be having a meaningful impact on future patient care. In TAVR, third quarter global sales were $745 million, up 6%. Growth was led by therapy adoption across all geographies with notable strength in Europe. Globally, our average selling price remains stable. Although third quarter treatment rates were lifted somewhat by the postponement of treatment in the second quarter, particularly in Europe, we believe that going forward there was no significant backlog of patients in the system. Taking a step back, we know that a sad consequence of the intense focus on the pandemic has been that many patients like those with structural heart disease are delaying screening and treatment are not being treated at all. Evidence continues to suggest that delaying valve replacement for patients with aortic stenosis inevitably results in adverse events and increased mortality. A recent Swiss study, AS Defer [ph] demonstrated that nearly 20% of patients who delayed a previous scheduled aortic valve replacement reported to the hospital with valve related symptoms or worsening heart failure. And closer to home, a study conducted last month by the structural heart program of Mount Sinai Hospital reported that 10% of patients waiting for aortic valve replacement, required urgent TAVR or passed away during the first month after elective procedures were halted due to COVID. After 3 months, 35% of patients affected by the ban on elective procedures required an urgent intervention or passed away. There is growing recognition that postponing treatment of AS has significant consequences. At the same time however, we know that this remains a very difficult time for the patients we serve as they continue to weigh the risk of COVID against the severe effects of progressive heart valve disease. Our observations indicate that most hospitals globally have determined that they can safely treat their AS patients in need and at the same time care for COVID patients. In conclusion, strong evidence indicates that TAVR is a proven therapy with excellent outcomes. It offers efficient use of hospital resources and can benefit many more patients whose structural heart disease is deadly and under-treated today. Now, turning back to the third quarter, TAVR results by region in the U.S., our TAVR sales increased in the mid single-digit range versus last year, despite approximately 30% growth in the year ago period. We were very encouraged by the improvement in procedure volumes in Q3, with 100% of our active sites across all 50 states, performing TAVR cases, up from approximately 90% in Q2. Third quarter growth across the more than 750 centers in the U.S. was highest in smaller centers, which are providing access to a broader population of aortic stenosis patients. Two-thirds of our U.S. TAVR centers have completed training and proctoring with SAPIEN 3 Ultra and physician feedback on ease-of-use and improved paravalvular leak performance remains outstanding. Outside of the U.S. in the third quarter, our underlying TAVR sales increased in the high single-digit range year-over-year. We continue to be encouraged by the strong international adoption of TAVR, particularly in Europe, where growth continues to be faster than expected. Edwards underlying TAVR growth in Europe versus the prior year was in the high single-digit range. We saw unit increases in nearly every country across Europe. Growth was driven by continued strong adoption of our SAPIEN 3 Ultra platform and although transcatheter valves have been commercially available for over a decade in Europe, AS continues to be significantly under-treated. Outside of the U.S. and Europe, we are continuing to see strong TAVR adoption driven by SAPIEN 3. Sales growth in Japan and other regions was strong as aortic stenosis remains an immensely under-treated disease and we remain focused on increasing the availability of TAVR therapy. In China, where Edwards recently received regulatory approvals to begin treating high-risk patients suffering from severe aortic stenosis, we successfully completed our first cases in the third quarter. And although it will likely take significant time to expand our TAVR presence in China, we look forward to partnering with hospitals across the country to introduce this therapy through our comprehensive proven training program. In summary, we anticipate regional variability due to the pandemic. Yet based on our year-to-date performance, we continue to anticipate global TAVR sales growth for 2020 will be at the high-end of our previous range of minus 5% to plus 5%. We anticipate a return to double-digit growth in 2021 and we expect quarterly growth rates to be  will be lower year-over-year in Q1 and Q4 with more normal market dynamics versus higher growth in Q2 and Q3 when the COVID impact was most severe. Global TAVR growth reinforces our belief in our projection of a $7 billion plus opportunity by 2024. Turning to transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies or TMTT, we continue to view this opportunity as one with substantial unmet patient needs and the potential to drive significant growth. Our focus will be on the advancement of three key value drivers, which we believe are the leading indicators of our success, a portfolio of differentiated therapies, favorable real world clinical outcomes and favorable results from rigorous pivotal trials, which will ultimately support approvals and adoption. As an example of our differentiated therapies, we recently received the CE Mark and began introducing PASCAL ACE implant system for mitral and tricuspid repair. PASCAL ACE has the differentiated features of PASCAL with a narrower profile. It is designed to complement PASCAL and provide further options to optimize treatment for patients with mitral and tricuspid regurgitation. In mitral valve replacement, we continue to advance both transfemoral EVOQUE and SAPIEN M3 platforms and we remain on track to initiate the U.S. pivotal trial for SAPIEN M3 before the end of the year. In addition, with EVOQUE tricuspid, we are encouraged by the experience gained in our early feasibility study and are on track to initiate our pivotal trial by year end. We are pleased to demonstrate clinical success in these programs as reported at the recent TCT Connect Conference. We presented roll-in data from our Class 2D pivotal study. In the U.S. centers with no prior experience, the PASCAL system showed favorable 30-day outcomes in patients with degenerative mitral valves, including low complication rates, significant regurgitation reduction and improvements in quality of life. Our 1-year CE Mark class data for PASCAL micro repair demonstrated robust and sustained MR reduction. In addition, PASCAL tricuspid repair demonstrated positive 30-day results and Cardioband tricuspid follow-up demonstrated favorable 2-year results. And importantly, we are making progress on five TMTT pivotal studies. While initial pivotal clinical trial results could be delayed by a couple of quarters, we are now enrolling patients at pre-COVID rates and looking forward to generating a body of clinical evidence across our portfolio demonstrating excellent outcomes for each one of our therapies. Third quarter global sales were $12 million. Although the situation remains fluid, we are able to resume activation of new centers in Europe and increase commercial procedures. We continue to advance our commercialization of PASCAL in Europe and remain focused on physician training, procedural success and patient outcomes. In summary, we expect procedures and activation of centers to continue to be subject to COVID interruptions in Europe. We anticipate TMTT sales of around $40 million in 2020 versus our previous estimate of $30 million to $45 million. In addition, while still early in the 2021 forecasting process, our aspiration is to double 2020 TMTT sales in 2021. We continue to believe that TMTT opportunity remains significant and now expect a $3 billion global market by 2025. We reiterate our confidence in this long-term opportunity and are passionate about bringing a portfolio of solutions to the many patients in need. In Surgical Structural Heart, sales for the third quarter of $203 million were similar to the 2019 levels, decreasing 1% on an underlying basis. During the third quarter, we observed that patients were more willing to seek heart valve surgery and hospitals more able to manage surgical patient flow. Ongoing prioritization of heart surgery in many hospitals also contributed to rebounding case volumes. We remain very encouraged by the steady adoption of Edwards premium RESILIA tissue valves, including the INSPIRIS aortic surgical valve and the recently launched KONECT aortic valve conduit in the U.S. In the third quarter, INSPIRIS valve utilization grew in all regions, driven by increased demand among younger and more active patients. INSPIRIS is becoming the surgical valve standard of care in many geographies around the world. We continue to add new INSPIRIS centers in both the U.S. and Europe and adoption is growing in our existing centers. Following the first commercial cases of HARPOON in Q2 in Europe, we continue to focus on intensive physician training and robust data collection for this new beating heart mitral valve repair system. We are seeing positive initial patient results with faster surgery and recovery times with this minimally invasive therapy. In summary, we continue to expect Surgical Structural Heart sales for full year 2020 will decline in the 5% to 15% range from 2019. Localized COVID-19 hotspots may continue to be headwinds to procedure growth. However, our expectation remains that in Q4, our sales will return to positive growth driven by the market adoption of our newest technologies. We are excited about our ability to provide innovative surgical treatment options for more patients and extend our global leadership in premium Surgical Structural Heart technologies. In Critical Care, sales for the quarter were $181 million in line with the year ago period. Demand for our products used in cardiac surgeries was solid, but was offset by the COVID-driven impact of delayed elective procedures. Sales of our TruWave disposable pressure monitoring devices used in the ICU were lifted by a large one-time order in Europe associated with ICU capacity expansion. However, we continue to experience a decline in HemoSphere orders in the U.S. as hospitals continue to limit their capital spending as a result of COVID. In summary, we continue to anticipate that Critical Care sales will be negative for 2020 largely due to anticipated reduced capital spending in the U.S., which is still within our original guidance range of minus 5% to plus 5%. And now, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thanks a lot, Mike. Today, I will provide additional perspective on the third quarter, along with how we anticipate the rest of the year may unfold. Our 4% underlying sales growth in the third quarter was better than we expected as we performed well across all our product lines and geographies, especially Europe. Earnings were also stronger than we expected driven primarily by the top line performance, combined with our constrained spending. As I have previously mentioned, we have implemented cost control measures during COVID, but we intentionally did not take any actions to significantly impact our employees or reduce investments supporting our long-term strategy. This allowed us to deliver a strong operating profit margin and adjusted earnings per share in the third quarter of $0.51, a 9% increase over 2019. GAAP earnings per share, was $0.01 higher at $0.52. For the third quarter, our adjusted gross margin was 75.5%, down from 75.9% in the prior year quarter. This decrease was driven by a negative impact from foreign exchange and incremental cost associated with responding to COVID partially offset by improved manufacturing efficiencies. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were $307 million or 26.9% of sales compared to $306 million in the prior year. This consistent level of spending included increased transcatheter structural heart and field personnel-related expenses, including expanding the TMTT field organization in Europe offset by reduced spending resulting from COVID. As I mentioned earlier, we did not initiate any actions to significantly impact our employees nor to reduce investment plans supporting our long-term strategy. Research and development expenses in the third quarter were $196 million, or 17.1% of sales compared to $195 million in the prior year. This consistent level of spending included increased investments in transcatheter mitral valve replacement clinical trials partially offset by lower TAVR clinical trial costs and reduced spending resulting from COVID. Turning to taxes, our reported tax rate this quarter was 10.7% or 11.2%, excluding the impact of special items. This rate included a 450 basis point benefit from the accounting for employee stock-based compensation, which was 130 basis points or $0.01 favorable to our expectations. We continue to expect our full year 2020 tax rate, excluding special items to be between 11% and 15%. Foreign exchange rates increased third quarter sales growth by 60 basis points or $7 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect FX to have a neutral impact to full year 2020 sales versus 2019. Our previous guidance estimated a negative $30 million impact. FX rates negatively impacted our third quarter gross profit margin by 140 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our July guidance, FX rates lifted our earnings by  earnings per share by $0.01. Turning to the balance sheet, we have a strong balance sheet with approximately $1.9 billion in cash and investments at the end of the quarter. In addition, we have an undrawn line of credit up to $1 billion. Our public bonds of approximately $600 million dont mature until 2028. Average shares outstanding during the third quarter were $631 million and we expect average shares outstanding for the full year to remain at this level. Recall that in June we increased the number of shares outstanding by executing a 3-for-1 stock split. Free cash flow for the third quarter was $113 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $216 million, less capital spending of $103 million. Our year-to-date free cash flow was $361 million. Free cash flow is negatively impacted by a $100 million payment related to the settlement of the intellectual property matter last quarter. Now, I will finish up with our 2020 guidance for the remainder of the year. Our guidance assumes that the worst of the 20  of the COVID financial impact to Edwards is behind us although we anticipate regional hotspots and risks for the foreseeable future. Given that, we anticipate we will achieve fourth quarter year-over-year underlying sales growth similar to the third quarter. Within our product groups, we now expect TMTT sales of around $40 million. We continue to estimate TAVR growth to be at the high-end of our previous range of minus 5% to plus 5%, Critical Care growth to be negative for 2020, but still within our previous guidance range of minus 5% to plus 5% and surgical growth still within our previous guidance range of minus 5% to minus 15% versus 2019. We are raising the bottom end of our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance range to be now between $1.85 and $1.95. And for the fourth quarter, we estimate adjusted earnings per share of $0.50 to $0.60. And with that, I will turn it back over to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. I want to conclude by saying that Edwards is a dedicated member of the critical healthcare infrastructure and I admire the agility, resourcefulness and passion of our employees and partners in maintaining their important work on behalf of patients. Putting patients first has never been more important than it is today. And as we stand together with the global community, I am gratified for our extraordinary team and partners and I am optimistic about the future of delivering innovations to even more patients around the world. With that, I will turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you, Mike. Before we open it up for questions, I am pleased to announce that our 2020 investor conference will be held on Thursday, December 10. We anticipate a great event in a new virtual format that I hope you will really like. As usual, this event will include updates on our latest technologies, views on longer term market potential and our outlook for the year ahead. More information will be available in the upcoming weeks on our website. With that, we are ready to take questions. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
David Lewis: Good afternoon. Just a couple of questions for me and thank you for taking them. So its heading in to Analyst Day here, I know raising guidance probably makes limited sense. But I did want to parse out sort of the fourth quarter guidance and just to be very crystal clear on what it means. Do we take the fourth quarter TAVR commentary to mean no improvement sequentially in TAVR or is it more we see some improvement at a lower rate, but we are just adjusting that for potential risk of resurgence flu what have you?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, David. So, its a little bit of all that. We grew 4% in the third quarter. And we said that we thought the fourth quarter growth would be similar to that, which we think is pretty remarkable in a environment like this and a real testament to our team and the supply chain. There are three factors that we considered when we set our Q4 sales guidance. One of them related to what we did last year, you will all have to remember as a total company, we grew 20% and 30% TAVR growth in Q4 of 19 even more in the U.S. So by comparison, its quite a difference, matter of fact so the absolute sales number in Q4 is going to be certainly higher than the sales number in Q3. There is an issue I think associated with our thinking related to the persistence of COVID-19 in the U.S. and Europe. We think its probably prudent at this stage just to be thoughtful because of the uncertainty associated with that. And then the one other factor that I will mention is, we dont believe that there is much of a significant backlog in Europe any longer, which probably gave us somewhat of a lift, a little bit of a lift in Q3 and not be repeated in Q4.
David Lewis: Okay. But you are seeing improvement in September, Mike and you are seeing some improvement into October in that underlying TAVR business in the U.S.?
Mike Mussallem: So, yes, we are not going to get into specific months, David, but you just have to remember the steep curve that we were growing at. So, when we  even if the growth rate will remain constant think of how many additional patients are being treated each month.
David Lewis: Yes. So just a sequential comp issue, totally understand. And then just maybe one clinical for me and I will jump back in queue. Just the Medtronic Head-to-Head study that you announced, Mike, just kind of curious if you think that population they described represents 40% of the available patients and frankly, some clinicians feel that trial may actually favor S3 and non-hemodynamic endpoints, just kind of curious on what patient population hit that targets and your thoughts on their strategy here and impacts to the market in general? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. I think its a testament to the fact that TAVR is certainly a competitive field right. Our whole industry is competitive and certainly TAVR is that. When we reflect on it, we put more of our focus on bringing new patients into the system. And we just think this disease is so under-treated. Its a deadly disease. Its whats most important to us. If you look at why Edwards has grown in the past or why we are going to grow in the future, thats the biggest factor. I think that we are extremely happy with SAPIEN 3and the Ultra platform and there is just a large body of high-quality clinical evidence that supports those. So, to have a Head-to-Head study on one factor, it might be it, but we believe that clinicians make decisions based on the total patient outcomes and not one singular element.
David Lewis: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Bob Hopkins: Okay, great. Thank you and good afternoon. Just two quick things. One is timing timeline question, the second is a TAVR follow-up. On the timeline side, Mike, I was wondering if you can just comment on any update on the readout on the asymptomatic trial and then also on timelines for U.S. PASCAL approval? I assume those are unchanged, but just wanted to check?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks Bob. Yes, COVID-19 did impact the pace of enrollment much in line with other trials. We have been encouraged by the pickup with enrollment in Q3 compared to Q2, but we are not really providing an update at this time or we will have more to talk about at the investor conference and so we ask you to stay tuned for that.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. And then on the TAVR follow-up side, I was curious if you are able to quantify how much reschedule procedures might have helped Q3? And I was also wondering if you could just comment on the COVID flare-up thats going on right now? Is that something that is slowing TAVR currently or you are just sort of taking that into consideration, you are taking that possibility into consideration as you give Q4 guidance? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, in the beginning part of that question, Bob, you wanted me to get a little deeper on was about the backlog question and how much was there?
Bob Hopkins: Yes. In Q3, do you have a  you may not have a, but just.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Well, so we didnt. So we saw  we feel like we saw a different story in the U.S. and Europe and so U.S. is the biggest part of our business. We dont think there was much clearing of the backlog in Q3. We think that there just wasnt much carryover U.S. hospitals tend not to run with big backlogs and Europe by contrast there occasionally can be those depending on the country and we did indeed work those down. We feel like at this point in time, there arent backlogs that are going to significantly impact our Q4 performance. So, I dont know if thats clear.
Bob Hopkins: Yes.
Mike Mussallem: We have pretty much in the U.S. all our hospitals performing cases which means that you also have all hospitals that are screening patients. And so we are into a little bit more of a normal cadence at this point. In terms of the COVID question, I think its a general concern. We are not trying to signal something that an inflection point that we see just a general concern with the numbers that we are watching in the U.S. and Europe, but we think its prudent for us to be careful because of the uncertainty.
Bob Hopkins: Yes, fair enough. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citi. Please state your question.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much for taking the question. I have two. The first one is can you walk us through the bridge to doubling TMTT revenues in 2021? How much is that coming from PASCAL and your level of confidence of reaching that at this stage? And then my second question is, is geographic reach outside of the three core markets, I think has been next focused on China, where we are on that launch and expansion? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Joanne. As you can imagine, we are kind of early in our planning process for 2021. So, we are kind of feeling going out there a bit and extending ourselves when we talk about our aspiration to double. So, we will probably have more to talk about that to get in-depth when we are together at the investor conference. But much like this year, the majority of those sales are likely to be PASCAL. We are not necessarily  its going to be the addition of new sites that are going to help do that and we will have PASCAL and PASCAL ACE that will help us and we will be doing treatment of not only MR patients, but TR patients next year, meaning tricuspid. So, that combination is whats leading us to have this aspiration to double. Your question about China, we are really pleased that we completed our first cases. We think its going to take significant time. Even though we are really excited about this, it was a major milestone for Chinese patients, the first time a multinational company is in there. There is just a lot of hurdles for a couple of reasons, some are self-imposed, we are committed to make sure that we really carefully work with physicians so that they get well-trained on our systems and get great results every time. There is also a fair amount of, I dont know maybe bureaucracy is not the right term, but there is a lot of process related to really coming up in China. So, its going to take us some time. And frankly, its a new journey for us to bring a therapy thats just novel to China. So, we dont have a lot of experience with that.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Raj Denhoy: Hi, good afternoon. I hate to come back to this point, but the guidance for TAVR for the year, I know you are talking about sort of 5%, the upper end of the previous range. It sort of implies that the fourth quarter is going to be relatively flat I guess to the kind of 6% into this quarter. And I appreciate the commentary around Europe and maybe not seeing a bolus there. But I guess I am just curious whether there is anything more to that right, is that really a kind of pullback from where you are seeing or is it really just kind of a flattening of the recovery here into the back half of the year or the last quarter of the year?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, maybe I am looking at this much different than you, Raj, I am really excited about whats going on with our business and the fact that we are going to be able to maintain this kind of growth rate and when you consider that last year TAVR grew 30% globally. As a matter of fact, I think it was 40% in the U.S., and then we are going to put a growth rate on top of it, while the global pandemic is going on. I mean, I feel pretty proud of that. And I dont know that it gets a lot better than that. So to think that there is something that we feel uncomfortable about is probably reading the signals wrong. And I maybe I didnt say it the way I really feel about it.
Raj Denhoy: No, thats crystal clear. Yes, definitely glass half full, not half empty. So its crystal clear. And maybe just on PASCAL rate, so a decent, a good quarter actually in terms of where you ended up there, is that any indication of whats happening on the ground in Europe, is your strategy of pricing at a premium starting to yield some results for you there?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, we were pleased with our results in PASCAL in the quarter. And again, its very fluid situation and having those ramping this up during the pandemic is a little bit challenging, but we are really pleased with the way its come up. Its because we added new centers in the quarter we continue to implement what we would call our high touch models. So, we are very engaged with clinicians involved in every case and working hard to make sure that they get great results each time. So, thats really turned out to be whats most important for us. The pricing is as much as the same as we have talked about in the past, we do have a premium, we think this was a really good therapy and performs at a superior level. Obviously, we need to back that up with data, but our strategy is unchanged.
Raj Denhoy: Okay, very good. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Robbie Marcus: Yes, thanks for taking the question. And I am sure you will get into this more at the Analyst Day, but I have to ask the double-digit growth next year. Its easy comps this year and I would imagine everybody expected double-digit growth. How should we put this in perspective? Is this maybe double-digit growth CAGR off of 2019 numbers, any way you can help frame it, because I am sure there is a wide variance around what people interpret that to mean?
Mike Mussallem: No, you are so right, Robbie, I mean, everybody should have some pretty terrific growth, I imagine if you are in airline, you could really have impressive growth rates coming off a low base. But one of the things that I think is remarkable about Edwards is we just didnt take as bigger dip as many other companies. So, to return to double-digit growth, I think still is meaningful. If there is something that I can add for color its what I tried to relate related to the quarters. And so we would expect in quarters like one and four that are a little bit more comparable to a steady state we would be likely to see that lower growth rates and then see much higher growth rates, which would be unusual ones probably for Q2 and Q3 when COVID was hitting the hardest, but hopefully that ends up providing some color, but your point is well taken.
Robbie Marcus: Thats really helpful. Appreciate it. And then maybe just a quick follow-up here, one of your competitors smaller in the TAVR space recently talked about at TCT some fatigue and structural heart trial recruiting, it sounds like you are more like back to normal, should we expect trials to continue with pre-COVID levels here given that doctors are still catching up on patients to a degree or should we expect that it was a 6-month delay for most trials and the clock can restart here? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, its a good question, Robbie. And as you might imagine, making predictions on something like this is challenging, we kind of stick our neck out here a little bit. When we are talking about our TMTT trials, we said we think it did go back to pre-COVID levels. And in TAVR, where we have some pretty aggressive enrollments, its probably getting closer, there might be a little short of it, but its moving along pretty well and we are hoping that the situation continues to be stable and roll that way.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks a lot.
Mike Mussallem: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Matt Miksic: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I have just one follow-up on sort of the TAVR environment and one on maybe sort of pipeline for patients and the process for getting more of these patients in the center. So, the first just you mentioned, I think Mike in your prepared remarks said that smaller centers grew faster in the U.S. here in the third quarter. I am just wondering, is that is that off of more of a constrained performance in Q2 where you find that they are sort of leading or lagging. Is there any kind of pattern in large or small centers or regionally that you can talk about just color on how all these centers are coming back? And then I want to follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks Matt. And very fair question, we have given different guidance in the past for other quarters, we are more or less just trying to tell you what we saw, which is that the smaller centers seem to grow faster in terms of being explained the why behind that, we would be speculating to some extent. We make  we can make up stories that, maybe the larger centers are in big metropolitan areas that were harder hit by COVID, but we really dont have hard evidence to back that up, Matt, but we just did see it in the smaller centers more than the larger.
Matt Miksic: Its great. And then the follow-up just on the challenges around ramping up patients coming into the centers and being diagnosed, I have seen some of the data you have presented on, the number of Echos taking a dip in the toughest part of the pandemic and I am assuming, recovering coming out of that, is it sort of as you look at or centers look at trying to get their pace of patients up and going again for the reasons you described and the risks of patients and so on? Is it that Echo, is that set part of the process, is it just getting patients in to see their cardiologists? Where do you think maybe the biggest challenges are or the biggest, the greatest progress thats been made in turning that around?
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Yes. Thanks, Matt. I mean, I dont want to miss the really big issue, which is that by and large, our conversation with hospitals, they have really strongly believed that they now know how to do TAVR cases or to treat structural heart patients and COVID patients at the same time. When this first hit in Q2 that was a question mark and I think that for all the right reasons for patients and for the health of hospitals, they figured that out. So, thats been important. Its hard to speak in generalities around the whole world. But if we just take U.S., which is the biggest market, when the hospital sort of closed its doors and prepared for COVID, not only did they stop doing procedures, they stopped doing screening. And so when this got turned back on, they turned on both the screening process and the actual procedures at the same way. Now, I dont know that they have actually additional screening capacity beyond what they have had in the past. So that probably becomes somewhat of the constraint, but there probably were some patients that were either lost sadly just because they passed away or are just not in the system today, that would have been otherwise in a more normal year.
Matt Miksic: Thank you for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink. Please state your question.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Just a question on PASCAL in Europe and I am curious, Mike, if you could give a little bit of color on how centers are adopting PASCAL, we saw with TAVR, a lot of these centers carry more than one device on the market? Are you see  on their shelves, I am sorry, are you seeing the same with the mitral repair product or they are switching essentially to PASCAL from MitraClip?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, its a good question. And I know I probably will be generalizing to some extent. So thats all already dangerous. But I wouldnt say that we see people completely switch from one system to another, I think that we see them more or less split again that they are very interested in PASCAL, they invite us in, in many cases, they are learning. We are part of the procedures and help them work through it. As we think about, maybe just give you something else to think about, I know we are hyper focused on how much we sell on PASCAL in the quarter. But if you really look for leading indicators of whats going to be most important for TMTT, I think those three factors, how is this portfolio of differentiated therapies really developing? Are they coming along? Are those good procedures? Are they learnable, teachable? Are they fast procedure? Are they reproducible? How about your real world clinical outcomes? Well, you saw some of the leading indicators of that at TCT Connect and I think its encouraging. And then just how are we doing on the clinical trials? We have got some very rigorous clinical trials that are going to provide really incredible data. And so those are going to be the things that both lead to approvals and adoption, so although the sales are an interesting one to track, I dont know that its a strong or leading indicator of some of these other factors. We frankly put more energy to make sure we get great results than just trying to maximize sales.
Danielle Antalffy: Got it. Thats helpful. Thanks. And then if I could ask one more question, and that is on the Head-to-Head trials that Medtronic is running or trials, the Smart trial. And just this whole dynamic of the hemodynamic gradient and I am curious if you guys have had to counter detail that at all in the fields or if this is more noise from Medtronic and something that actual physicians care about? Thank you so much.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. I know our folks probably answer questions about that on a regular basis. what we know is we are just really pleased with the SAPIEN 3, and especially SAPIEN 3 Ultra performance, we think people have relied on it, not just normally, but even during this pandemic. I think the performance speaks for itself, we have got some pretty impressive data that has been generated over time, whether its stroke, paravalvular leak, low pacemaker rate, the list goes on and so we just had a high level of confidence in this and dont, well we wonder where that how important that factor is going to be in long term to look at one thing.
Danielle Antalffy: Thanks. Thats helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Maeder of Piper Sandler. Please state your question.
Adam Maeder: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe to start just on PASCAL is I was hoping to get some additional detail there. I think you mentioned that it has a narrow profile. So how should we think about the clinical impact is it improved safety or efficacy is it for different anatomy just any color you could provide there would be great and then I had a follow-up?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks for that Adam. So first of all think of it as having almost the same differentiated features as PASCAL so it has got the independent panels it has got the spacer all those things like the PASCAL but with a narrower profile it is a night in all based system, the question you asked about, okay, how is it going to manifest itself clinically? We were expecting it to be a compliment, that as physicians gain experience, they will say, oh, maybe this is a good case, to use a PASCAL ACE. Frankly, we are still early in our experience. And those are some of the answers that we are going to get as we get deeper experience at this point, we are still, its still new enough that we cant say definitively where thats going to fit on a long-term basis.
Adam Maeder: Got it, okay. Thanks for the color there, Mike. And then for the follow-up, maybe switching to TAVR just curious if you had a sense for, the number of U.S. TAVR sites that were added in Q3 what are the expectations going forward? Do you think we are in an environment now where we can see new sites start to come back online at a healthy clip? Thanks so much for taking the questions.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. I am trying to think of the data I know that we talked about the fact that there were about 750. The last time we reported them, I dont remember what the number is. And so I have to go back and check on that. Just to give you a little bit color, we are probably anticipating the U.S. that this maxes out maybe in the 850 range. So I dont know if that helps you think about it, the rate that they are actually joining, I dont know, off the top of my head.
Adam Maeder: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS. Please state your question.
Matt Taylor: Hi, thank you for the question. So I just wanted to follow-up on that center question for next year, when you are thinking about the double-digit growth? Do you need to add a lot of centers to do that? Can you talk about your assumptions for center adds and how much of that growth comes from the existing versus new centers?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks for that. Well, you could imagine most of our growth is going to come from existing centers, new centers, by their nature are smaller. I dont know the specific number thats in there. Maybe thats a good question to ask if the investor conference, but thats not going to be the bulk of our growth, the bulk of our growth is going to come from growth in existing centers. I remember, we are at 750 already. So to drive these kind of big numbers, you can just you can anticipate that.
Matt Taylor: And just to follow everybody kind of answering around this question. But I mean, the consensus is modeled around 19% or 20% growth when the old number and you are touching a double digit growth can you comment at all about consensus and whether you think thats aggressive realistic is there a scenario that you can do that number?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, maybe that is intimately familiar with the consensus as you are, but I will just remind you that of which say 19% is probably driven off a much lower base than Edwards is actually delivering in 2020. So, what you might want to do is to think about it more in terms of the actual sales rather than a sales growth rate.
Matt Taylor: Okay. Alright. Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state you question.
Larry Biegelsen: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Two, on the pipeline, one on catalyst in the 2021, what are the most important ones, Mike? What  I am not interested in laundry, I am not asking for a laundry list, but what do you think the most important ones are? And I am specifically interested to know if we could see the Collapse 2D data next year and EVOQUE for tricuspid CE Mark approval? And I have one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, I dont think we are going to see pivotal trial results in 2021. I think those are more likely to come in 2022. I do expect there to be a steady drumbeat of new data almost on a continuous basis. We have so many innovations going on, Larry, that I think at every meeting, you are going to see follow-ups on CE Mark studies, you are going to see first experiences, you are going to see a lot of things that are really powerful leading indicators, but in terms of the pivotal trial, I dont think that we have one in 21.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks. Like other tricuspid market, there does seem to be a lot of enthusiasm for transcatheter tricuspid therapies. And I guess my question for you is do you think we are going to need randomized controlled data to kind of drive that market outside the U.S. or do you think it could develop like we saw TAVR or develop before you came out with a partner trial there, you got pretty strong uptake for SAPIEN in Europe before the randomized controlled data? So what do you think, whats your view on the tricuspid module when its going to take to drive that?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So Larry, I mean, you are pretty familiar, right. You came along for this journey, and TAVR. And even though we had nice sales for TAVR in Europe, they really didnt take off until we had the pivotal data in the U.S. and made a significant step up with those big pivotal studies. Now, having said that, kind of like TAVR, there is a lot of excitement on the part of clinicians to treat their tricuspid patients, there arent many answers for them. And so they are anxious to have solutions. So, if we can deliver some results, we think it could be interesting, but by predicting the tricuspid adoption rate is still very difficult. I think its going to be so important for us to get some long-term results on that before we can make it. We have a lot of studies coming TRISCEND II, the class of which was the EVOQUE trial. Of the EVOQUE TR pivotal trial, we have Class 2, which is the tricuspid trial. So, we have real trials that are pointed at and are exploring this and finding the answer to your question, but its still early, Larry.
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Mike, one on TAVR, the asymptomatic market or moderate AS, if you will, either one of those, any numbers around how big these opportunities would be sizing either moderate or asymptomatic?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thats a good question. Its interesting almost the more we learn about AS are the more we learn about AS. The market turns out to be pretty significant of people that are undiagnosed and not really in the system. And so its difficult for us to say that quantitatively, we are  we do think the asymptomatic patients, is a significant population. And we think that the moderate AS is also a very significant population. We havent been able to accurately size those at this point. That would be a good one maybe for us to get a little deeper when we are together in December, but this one we are competent that its a driver and going to be a driver on a very long-term basis, but its not clear what the size is at this point.
Vijay Kumar: Understood. And now one quick one for Scott, maybe when you look at the spending for 21, Scott, as marketing spend comes back clinical trials open up, reopen or restart, I guess, how should we think about OpEx and anything on the FX dynamics for next year when you think about gross margins? Thank you guys.
Scott Ullem: Well, its early to talk about what our permit or our operating margins may look like in 2021 I will tell you more eager to get back to full pace of travel of being out in the field to be in with customers and have ramping our clinical trials back up to your fully pre COVID levels. And so we are anticipating that those expenses will ramp as quickly as we are allowed to do it. In terms of FX for 2021, it is just premature to say when you know what happened in 2020, which is, we expected a big headwind from FX to sales. Ended up with that dissipated now we are expecting no headwinds to sales for FX. And so it just its premature to speculate what that is going to look like in 2021. Although we will be talking more about that are at our investor conference when we give guidance in December.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Margaret Kaczor with William Blair. Please state your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Brandon on for Margaret, thanks for taking the questions. First one I just had on at TCT this year, there was lot of presentations or a lot of focus within the valves and valve treatment opportunity. But curious how meaningful this is today in practice or is this more of kind of a clinical focus. And you guys think that the data that is been collected so far is compelling enough to convince physicians to treat low risk patients while we are kind of waiting for long term durability data? And there was even some TAVR with SAVR So is that a meaningful opportunity as we move forward?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. We are really pleased to report that five year data about in TAVR and SAVR, if you will, and it said, Hey, pretty good quality of life and so forth, maintained through five years. And that data is always valuable. A little bit of what you have to do is to put it in perspective, remember that data goes back quite a ways. And so that was at that time, not sure we even had intermediate approved for very long. And so the average age of those patients were nearly 80 years old. So they were sick and at high risk. And when if you if you just take a look and see what those results look like. And now, in this fast moving TAVR, a world where improvements have been significant, we would expect that as technologies improve, and we move to lower risk patients that those results get even better. Just having a valve and a valve option for these younger patients with tissue valves or transcatheter valve is a big deal for a them to be able to avoid surgery. So we think its something the clinical community and patients especially really value
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks and then just in terms of kind of the rebound thats going on within TAVR. I think in prior calls. We have kind of discussed that. It has been broad adoption within all this classes, any specific risk classes kind of leading the rebound now, and kind of are you happy with the progress being made into a low risk opportunity even through COVID? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, no, we dont have any particular visibility of these patients by risk level that gives us a deeper insight to the question. You are asking about what we are seeing right now. So we just dont have much on that. In terms of the adoption of low risk, we saw a pretty steep inflection point once the data was presented last year. It is getting to a point now where its been out there for more than a year, we are still seeing steady increases, but not at the same pace that we saw when it was first introduced last year.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thats all the time we have for questions today. I will turn it back to management for closing remarks.
Mike Mussallem: Okay, well, thanks very much for your continued interest in Edwards, Scott, and Mark and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone and with that, Back to you, Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you very much, Diego. That does it from our perspective.
Operator: Thank you. All parties you may disconnect. Have a good day. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifescience Corporation Second Quarter 2020 Results Conference Call and Webcast. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Diego. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With me on todays call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released second quarter 2020 financial results. During todays call, management will discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial statements and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but arent limited to, financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those associated with COVID-19 pandemic that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important safety information may be found in the press release, our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and Edwards other SEC filings, all of which are available on the companys website at edwards.com. Finally, a quick reminder that when using the terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call are included in todays press release. With that, Id like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Mark. Before we get into the specifics of the second quarter, Id like to make a few comments on the overall environment and how Edwards is striving to deliver during these challenging times. Theres no question that the world has changed considerably as a result of the COVID pandemic. However, some things havent changed, most importantly, our patient-focused strategy and our aspirations as a company. At Edwards, our dedication to providing innovative solutions for people fighting cardiovascular disease remains central to our credo. Our aspiration to excel as a trusted partner and to foster an inclusive culture where all employees grow and thrive is stronger than ever. And our desire to improve access to our therapies for underserved and undertreated patient populations around the world motivates our 14,000 employees every day. An unfortunate consequence of the intense focus of the pandemic during the first few months was that many patients, like those with structural heart disease were not treated. One interesting published source highlighted how the COVID-19 surge in March and April overwhelmed Dutch hospitals and undermined regular ongoing care. In this study, they estimated there were more  there were approximately 10x more healthy life years lost from regular care not being delivered compared to COVID life years lost during that period. Closer to home in the U.S., recall that the data published in The Annals of Thoracic Surgery suggests that patients waiting for aortic valve replacement had a 4% mortality at one month, 8% at three months and 12% after waiting six months. The provider community is aggressively and creatively adapting to be able to treat COVID patients, while at the same time, providing the necessary care to patients with life-threatening underlying conditions. Wed like to thank all the health care providers on the frontline whove had to face the challenges of COVID-19 without a road map. And who have made difficult decisions and innovate at the same time to provide the necessary quality of care for patients in need. While the number of COVID cases remains a priority for providers, we observed already in Q2, providers are adapting to ensure treatment of their structural heart patients. As alarming as COVID is, AS remains a deadly disease and treatment delays will inevitably result in increased mortality for a condition which has proven therapies with excellent clinical outcomes in the case of TAVR, also minimal use of hospital resources. Even with the heroic efforts of the health care community, we know that this remains a very difficult time for the patients we serve as they continue to weigh the risks of COVID-19 against the severe effects of progressive heart valve disease. Edwards is committed to providing the opportunity for faster procedures, shorter hospital stays and exceptional patient outcomes. Irrespective of the unpredictable surges of this deadly pandemic, there is a growing recognition that valve therapy should not be postponed. Not all procedures are the same. Valve replacement therapy is less elective, and these patients have a more urgent need. We have found ourselves more aligned than ever with the interest of patients and providers during this challenging time. Now turning to the second quarter. Despite challenges related to the ongoing pandemic, were pleased to report much better-than-expected second quarter results. Sales of $925 million exceeded the top end of our April guidance of $700 million to $900 million, driven by the continued adoption of our life-saving technologies around the world. This performance was made possible by our dedicated team, which includes our committed field organization and our global supply chain. Sales were balanced across all major geographies and benefited from improving month-to-month trends as we progressed through the second quarter. We also started to gradually resume patient enrollment in clinical trials that were slowed at the end of the first quarter, and were working with additional centers as many are now ready to reengage. Furthermore, at TVT Connect and the virtual EuroPCR last month, we highlighted positive clinical results in multiple breakthrough therapies. Even though many on our team were working remotely during Q2, we made positive progress on a number of very important new technology milestones that will be detailed later in our comments. Finally, we were pleased for recently announced intellectual property agreement, which allows us to fully dedicate time and resources to helping patients. In TAVR, second quarter global sales of $594 million declined 11% on an underlying basis. Globally, our average selling price remains stable as we continue to exercise pricing discipline. As noted on our first quarter call, sales were severely depressed in April as provider turned their attention to the pandemic response. However, we were encouraged by the steady improvement in procedure volumes throughout May and June when approximately 90% of our active sites performed TAVR cases. This is a testament to the dedicated heart teams and our committed clinical field teams. We hear from a number of clinicians that new patients are increasingly entering the system as they seek treatment for severe aortic stenosis. Weve seen a significant improvement from the steep trough in April. To put things in perspective, during the second quarter in the midst of the onset of this tragic global pandemic, there were more than 20,000 patients around the world who were treated with our SAPIEN technology. In the U.S., our TAVR sales declined in the low teens versus last year. As expected, April marked the most severe month year-over-year. U.S. TAVR sales declines and procedure rates remained highly variable across the country. In the last week of April, we observed the first signs of recovery and in May and June, we experienced a significant step-up in procedure volumes as previously screened patients who temporarily delayed treatment, began to return. Recently, we submitted additional data supporting the safety of our SAPIEN 3 platform in bicuspid patients. And based on these data, FDA has approved the removal of the precaution from the labeling. Outside the U.S., in the second quarter, our TAVR sales declined in the high single digits year-over-year on an underlying basis. In Europe, the pace of recovery was faster than expected despite difficult early headwinds from COVID-19. In Japan, second quarter procedures were less impacted by COVID-19 than initially expected. Aortic stenosis remains an immensely undertreated disease in that region where Edwards is very focused on increasing the availability of TAVR therapy. Its also worth noting recent TAVR approvals outside the U.S., last month in China, Edwards received regulatory approval to begin treating patients suffering from severe AS and at high-risk for open heart surgery with SAPIEN 3. We look forward to partnering with hospitals throughout China to introduce this therapy. Earlier this month, Australia joined the list of countries that approved our SAPIEN platform for treatment of severe AS patients, independent of their risk score. We believe these approvals represent important milestones for patients outside the U.S. Now shifting gears to our latest TAVR innovation, SAPIEN 3 Ultra, clinical feedback on improved paravalvular leak performance remains outstanding. Last month, at the virtual TVT Connect conference, a propensity matched analysis of 1,300 patients was presented using data from the TBT registry to compare outcomes of patients treated with SAPIEN 3 Ultra and SAPIEN 3 valves. This was the largest analysis of TAVR outcomes with Ultra, to date. Both valves demonstrated outstanding outcomes for paravalvular leak, with Ultra redefining the benchmark for transcatheter heart valve technologies moving forward. This analysis indicated that 90% of the patients treated with SAPIEN 3 Ultra had no reported paravalvular leak at discharge. We are also very encouraged by additional data in the study, which confirm SAPIENs ability to facilitate a more expedited in-hospital experience for patients. This included fewer ICU stays, with over 40% of the patients requiring no ICU time at all and shorter total hospital lengths of stay with approximately 50% of patients discharged within 24 hours and 80% by 48 hours. In Q2, Ultra accounted for approximately 40% of our U.S. and European TAVR volumes, up from 30% at the end of the first quarter. Youll recall that we temporarily paused SAPIEN 3 Ultra proctoring at centers that were not already trained on the device, and we resumed training in the second quarter. In summary, while the sharp decline in April was not as prolonged as we expected, we continue to envision a second half similar to our April expectations. Although there continues to be a high level of site-to-site variability, based on our second quarter performance, we now anticipate global TAVR sales growth for 2020 will be at the high end of our previous range of minus 5% to plus 5%. Based on how weve begun the third quarter, we continue to expect in the third quarter  we continue to expect sales in the third quarter to be approximately flat to our strong 2019 third quarter and a fourth quarter that transitions to growth over 2019. Furthermore, as patients and clinicians increasingly choose TAVR, we remain confident that the opportunity will grow to over $7 billion by 2024. Turning to TMTT, which is the transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies for patients suffering from diseases of these heart valves. In the mitral position, were developing repair therapies with PASCAL and Cardioband as well as replacement therapies with M3 and EVOQUE. In the tricuspid position, were pursuing the PASCAL and Cardioband repair therapies and today, we are announcing a pivotal trial of EVOQUE for tricuspid valve replacement. We have early commercial sales in Europe with several of these therapies and were advancing each of these platforms, including five pivotal studies underway in the U.S. We continue to be very pleased with our robust, real-world evidence with PASCAL mitral repair, as highlighted during a presentation at virtual EuroPCR. The analysis of more than 1,200 commercially treated patients demonstrated an excellent safety profile and confirm that significant reduction of mitral regurgitation can be achieved after only a short learning curve for physicians. As previously announced, were pleased to have received CE mark for PASCAL repair system for the treatment of patients with tricuspid regurgitation. Based on our early and positive class tricuspid EFS data, we have initiated an introduction in Europe with a focus on excellent outcome for this new tricuspid repair therapy. Last quarter, we announced a temporary pause of new enrollments for our active mitral and tricuspid pivotal clinical trials. In consultation with investigators and hospitals, more than half of our trial sites have begun  have been reactivated and are beginning to treat patients. We anticipate enrollment in our three class studies will continue to ramp in the third and fourth quarter, and were still targeting U.S. approval of PASCAL DMR in 2022. Now turning to replacement therapies. Were encouraged by the early clinical experience with EVOQUE tricuspid in 25 patients recently presented by Dr. Neil Fam, which demonstrated 100%, 30-day survival as well as very significant acute reduction of tricuspid regurgitation and improvement in functional status. Were pleased to announce that weve received approval to initiate a pivotal study for the EVOQUE tricuspid replacement system, which is designed to gain U.S. approval and has breakthrough device designation from the FDA. The TRISCEND II study is a prospective, multicenter, randomized, pivotal clinical trial to evaluate the EVOQUE system compared to optimal medical therapy in patients with severe TR. In mitral replacement, we continue to gain experience with SAPIEN M3 and EVOQUE. Both systems utilize a transfemoral delivery approach. We are encouraged by the early experience with EVOQUE in patients with severe MR and high surgical risk. Additionally, we anticipate enrollment in our SAPIEN M3 pivotal trial to begin by the end of the year. Second quarter global sales for TMTT were $6 million. We expect to progressively ramp in Q3 and Q4, and as we activate more centers in Europe and they resume procedures and patient referrals increase. In summary, we reiterate our confidence in the long-term opportunity in TMTT and are passionate about the significant progress were making in bringing solutions to these deadly diseases to improve patients lives around the world. We continue to expect total TMTT sales this year to be $30 million to $45 million. In Surgical Structural Heart, sales for the second quarter of $161 million declined 25% on an underlying basis, primarily related to the impact of COVID-19. This was better than our expectations back in April. The ongoing adoption of TAVR also contributed to U.S. surgical aortic valve procedure headwinds. Despite the decline in Q2 sales, we are encouraged by the recovery of procedure demand as we progress through the quarter, increased and improved management of ICU capacity as well as prioritization of heart surgery in many hospitals, continue to  contributed to rebounding case volumes in late Q2. We continue to be encouraged by the steady adoption of our most advanced resilient tissue technology in the Edwards portfolio. Our INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic tissue valve grew in both new and existing sites in the U.S. and abroad, driven by increasing demand among younger and more active patients. INSPIRIS is becoming the surgical valve standard of care in many geographies around the world and remains the number one implanted surgical aortic valve in the U.S. and Japan. We recently gained U.S. approval and treated our first patients with our second resilient offering, the preassembled, ready-to-implant KONECT RESILIA aortic valve conduit. KONECT combines our leading RESILIA surgical valve technology with a proven surgical graft. This combination allows for the treatment of complex patient anatomies where its necessary to replace a valve and repair the ascending aorta. Elsewhere in the surgical structural heart portfolio, recently, the first commercial cases of a Harpoon were successfully completed in Europe. This beating heart mitral valve repair system offers the potential for earlier treatment of degenerative mitral valve disease with faster recovery and more consistent outcomes for surgical patients. In summary, we continue to expect Surgical Structural Heart sales for full year 2020 will decline 5% to 15% in 2019. Localized hotspots could continue to limit hospital capacity, slow disease diagnosis and impact patient willingness to undergo treatment. However, our expectation is that the recovery experienced in late Q2 will extend in the U.S. and Europe into Q3. We continue to anticipate that in Q4, our sales will return to positive growth driven by the market adoption of our newest technologies. Were excited about our ability to provide innovative surgical treatment options for patients and extend our global leadership in premium Surgical Structural Heart technologies. In Critical Care, second quarter sales of $164 million decreased 10% on an underlying basis. Increased demand for our TruWave disposable pressure monitoring devices used in the ICU remains strong, but were not enough to offset the COVID-driven impact of delayed elective procedures. Soft global demand was also partially offset by large orders in Europe associated with ICU capacity increases. We also experienced a decline in HemoSphere orders in the U.S. as hospitals continued to limit their capital spending as a result of COVID-19. Toward the end of the quarter, however, we started to see positive signs of recovery in demand for our products used in cardiac surgeries, while demand in products used in more elective surgeries remains depressed. Wed also like to highlight the recently announced collaboration between our Critical Care team and the Anesthesia Quality Institute. The main focus of this shared initiative will be to improve data collection and analysis of intraoperative hypotension, which, according to research, is associated with poor clinical outcomes. Were optimistic this joint effort will result in the advancement of patient care through the use of enhanced data collection to create updated guidelines. In summary, we now estimate that Critical Care sales growth will be negative for 2020, largely due to anticipated reduced capital spending in the U.S., but still within our previous guidance of minus 5% to plus 5%. Before I turn it over to Scott, Id like to make one last comment. We realize its difficult to predict the progression of COVID-19, including additional waves and isolated flare-ups and the associated impact on the health care system. We are planning on dealing with the ups and downs of this pandemic for the foreseeable future. Because of the severe condition of the patients we serve and our strong patient-focused team, I remain confident in our ability to continue to successfully deliver during this global crisis. And now Ill turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thanks a lot, Michael. Today, Ill provide additional second quarter, along with some [Audio Dip]
Operator: This is the operator. We cant hear Scotts voice coming through.
Scott Ullem: So let me start over again, just in case you missed that. Today, Im going to provide additional perspective on the second quarter, along with some indicators of how we anticipate the rest of the year may unfold. Our sales performance in the second quarter was better than we expected because the trough was not as deep as we anticipated. April was the weakest month of the quarter, and we saw sequential improvements in May and June as hospital procedure volumes started to recover. Earnings were also stronger than we expected, both because of the stronger top line as well as because of constrained spending. We implemented cost control measures, but we intentionally did not take any actions to significantly impact our employees or reduce investments supporting our long-term strategy. This allowed us to deliver an adjusted 25% operating profit margin and adjusted earnings per share in the second quarter of $0.34, which was 26% below last years second quarter. GAAP earnings per share was negative $0.20 as a result of the intellectual property agreement, which I will address in a few minutes. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with todays release. And now Ill cover the details of our second quarter results as well as discuss guidance for the balance of the year. For the second quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 74.4%, down from 76.4% in the prior year quarter. This years rate included incremental costs associated with responding to COVID and a negative impact from foreign exchange. In the second half of the year, we expect to see a less pronounced impact from COVID on our gross margin compared to the second quarter. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were $275 million or 29.7% of sales compared to $308 million in the prior year. This reduced spending resulted from COVID, which interrupted our planned flow of operating expenses. As I mentioned earlier, we did not initiate any actions to significantly impact our employees nor to reduce investment plans supporting our long-term growth strategy. Research and development expenses in the second quarter were $182 million or 19.7% of sales, compared to $192 million in the prior year. This decrease was primarily the result of high clinical spending in the prior year for PARTNER III continued access as well as for CENTERA, and pause clinical trial activity this year due to COVID. We expect R&D expenses to resume sequential growth in the second half of the year. As Mike mentioned, earlier this month, we were pleased to settle the TMTT intellectual property matter. This impacts our income statement as well as our cash flow statement. The principal impact to our P&L was a $368 million pretax charge in the second quarter. In addition, we will incur a total of approximately $100 million in royalty expenses between now and May 2024, which will be recorded in cost of sales. The cash flow impact includes a onetime $100 million payment to Abbott made earlier this month, along with quarterly payments in future years. Turning to taxes. We had negative earnings in the second quarter due to the special settlement charge. As a result, we reported a $46 million tax benefit in the second quarter. Excluding the impact of special items, our tax rate was 8.2% for the quarter. This unusually low rate included an approximate $20 million benefit or $0.03 per share from the accounting for employee stock-based compensation. The stock-based compensation benefit was in line with our expectation. We continue to expect our full year 2020 tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 11% and 15%. Foreign exchange rates decreased second quarter sales growth by approximately 1.1% or $12 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect an approximately $30 million negative impact or about 1.0% to full year 2020 sales versus 2019. FX rates negatively impacted our second quarter gross profit margin by 50 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our April guidance, FX rates had less than $0.01 impact on earnings per share reflecting our effective currency hedging program. Turning to the balance sheet. We have a strong balance sheet with approximately $1.7 billion in cash and investments at the end of the quarter. In addition, we have an undrawn line of credit of up to $1 billion. Our public bonds of approximately $600 million dont mature until 2028. Additionally, we continue to generate healthy cash flows. Average adjusted shares outstanding in the second quarter were $630 million on a post-split basis, and we expect average shares outstanding for the full year to [indiscernible]. Recall that in June, we increased the number of shares outstanding by executing a three-for-one stock split. Adjusted free cash flow for the second quarter was $123 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $231 million, less capital spending of $108 million. We are not updating our free cash flow guidance for the year, although we continue to expect that it will fall short of our original expectation of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. Now, Ill turn to guidance for the full year 2020. Our guidance assumes that the worst of the COVID financial impact to Edwards is behind us and that well see a progressive recovery during the second half of the year, anticipating that well be dealing with ups and downs along the way. Remember that Edwards sales grew 19% in the second half of 2019, so we have high year-over-year comparisons. Even so, we expect total sales in the third quarter to return to 2019 levels and for sales to start growing again in the fourth quarter. So while the second quarter sales decline was less severe than we expected, our expectations for the second half of the year havent significantly changed from earlier guidance in April. We estimate total company sales growth for the full year to be approximately flat to 2019 with a range of minus 5% to plus 5%. We now estimate TAVR growth to be at the high end of our previous range of minus 5% to plus 5% and Critical Care growth to be negative for 2020, but still within our previous guidance of minus 5% to plus 5%. Surgical growth remains in a range of minus 5% to minus 15% versus 2019, and we continue to expect that TMTT sales will be $30 million to $45 million. Full year sales guidance for the total company continues to be $4 billion to $4.5 billion. And for the third quarter, we estimate sales of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. We are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $1.75 to $1.95 on a post-split basis, up 11% from our previous guidance of $1.58 to $1.75, or on a pre-split basis, $4.75 to $5.25. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. I want to conclude by, once again, expressing our gratitude to our clinician partners in the global health care community for their tireless dedication to serving patients during this challenging time. We appreciate their strong leadership and brave commitment to patient care, and were dedicated to supporting them as they address this global health crisis. I also want to recognize the extraordinary actions that our employees around the world have taken to overcome the unique challenges associated with COVID-19. Edwards is proud to be a member of a critical health care infrastructure and I admire the agility, resourcefulness and passion of our employees in maintaining their important work on behalf of patients. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you, Mike. Were ready to take questions now. [Operator Instructions] Diego?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen and Company. Please state your question.
Josh Jennings: Hi, good afternoon. Its great to see how effectively youve navigated through the pandemic. Maybe I could just start with two questions on TAVR. First, taking your U.S. TAVR and European TAVR results and matching against our assumptions for the April and May decline. It seems that those units may have already returned to growth in June. Did the U.S. or EU TAVR businesses return to growth in June or even in the first weeks of July here?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks for the question, Josh. In general, wed rather not get into the week-to-week and month-to-month expectations. Weve been encouraged by the steady improvement in procedures across all of our businesses that we progressed through Q2. The specifics on June sales are not likely to be as helpful, as they probably include working down some backlog in addition to new patient screenings. So  and as we said, based on how weve begun Q3, we continue to expect sales in Q3 to be approximately flat to our pretty strong 2019 Q3 and the Q4 is going to transition to growth over 2019.
Josh Jennings: Got it. And then maybe just a follow-up, it would be great to get any data points that you can share regarding those two elements you just talked about in terms  it might be important for the pace of recovery from here. First, where do you think centers are in terms of working through the COVID-19-induced TAVR backlog? And then second, are you seeing evidence that new patient screenings in the referral channel is revving back up in step with the TAVR case volumes? Thanks for taking the questions.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Thanks, Josh. So weve heard anecdotally of many centers who have already worked off their COVID-driven backlog. And as you may know, some centers operate with no backlog at all. The reason that some of the backlogs didnt grow is that when treatment stopped, so did screening. Now this isnt true all over the world. We know of some centers outside the U.S. where the waiting lists have gotten longer, and theyre likely to get worked down over 2020. But in the U.S., we dont think that theres much of a backlog at this point. And unfortunately, due to the deadly nature of severe AS, some of these patients who delayed treatment may never be treated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
David Lewis: Good afternoon. Mike, just maybe one more specific one on TAVR and a follow-up on mitral. Just in terms of this recent resurgence, I think investors are very focused on the specific areas, Texas and Florida, and the age of these patients, has there been any sense in your mind in the month of July or late June, specifically in July, that this resurgence in some of these key geographic markets, has that had any impact on trends here in July?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, David. Yes, we have heard anecdotally of cases being canceled in places like Texas and Florida and some of the southern states. But then again, as we mentioned, we had a chance to sort of see how Q2 finished and see how Q3 started. And thats kind of built into our guidance. We anticipated there were going to be some levels of ups and downs. And so when we project the Q3 that we think is approximately flat to 2019, it takes that into account.
David Lewis: Okay. Very helpful. And then as it relates to TMTT, with the lawsuit resolved and I know you kind of reiterated your TMTT guidance for the year, but if I could, with the lawsuit resolved, does the PASCAL strategy ex U.S. change in anyway, as it relates to either the spending associated with the launch, the breadth of the launch or the pricing of the valve in ex U.S. markets? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, David. No, broadly, theres no change in the strategy. We continue to have a lot of confidence in this platform. We will continue to offer at a premium price. Were very pleased with the way its been performing, and we were happy to see that 1,200 patient experience reported at the virtual EuroPCR. One of the reasons why theres no real changes, we really try and focus on great outcomes, and so were very deliberate about training center by center across Europe as we implement. And so you can see more of a continuation of what youve seen in the past.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Mike Mussallem: Bob, youre breaking up a little bit.
Operator: We cant hear Mr. Hopkins. Please reconnect.
Mark Wilterding: Go ahead, Diego, were on the same page.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Matt Miksic: Thanks so much for taking the question. So one, if you could, just on you mentioned rebuilding the pipeline and sort of improving clinic visits. And Im wondering if you could talk a little bit about the role that some of the newer technology investments that you made over the last couple of years and partnerships with some of the technology companies that have fit into this sort of telemedicine model, either CardioCare or Eko? Maybe talk about the role that theyre playing, if any any, at this point in helping to close that gap? And then I had one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Yes. Thanks, Matt. Yes, the newest technologies are not quite ready to have a broad impact. But one of the things weve seen is an incredible amount of agility and creativity on the part of the heart teams to make things happen. I mean, obviously, we tried to support them along the way. But they just pivoted. They find ways to get patients in. They found ways to bring patients to a safe place, to do a work up. They found ways to do some things virtually that they had always done in person. So it was remarkable to us to observe sort of a pivot on their part to make it happen.
Matt Miksic: Okay. So a little more hustle maybe to get that done, it sounds like, for now anyway. And then the other is, you gave some color on the number of centers performing TAVR procedures. Im wondering given that new center growth has been such a big part of this market over the past several years, if you could talk a little bit about maybe the way in which some of the new centers are responding or staying in on trend, on pace, how theyre being affected, if differently than some of the larger academic centers and how you expect to  that to kind of play out as we get further into the recovery?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Matt. So things have been very different by region of the world and certainly, region of the country. In terms of the new centers, they didnt have a tremendous impact on the second quarter. Most of it came from centers that were already in place. And again, weve had a chance to spend time with a number of hospital CEOs, and weve been impressed that they just set their mind to trying to make a pivot and be able to treat structural heart, in particular AS patients, during this time. So I think the last time that we addressed it, Matt, we said there were about 700 U.S. centers and that we were headed toward 850. I think COVID does slow that down some. So it will continue, but it wasnt a big part of the story in this quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bob Hopkins: Can you hear me okay? 
Mike Mussallem: Yes, we hear you fine, Bob.
Bob Hopkins: Great. Sorry. I apologize if I missed this, given I was in transition, but just a quick question on the fourth quarter guidance. I realize theres a lot of uncertainty. You said youd return to growth. Im just curious, are you comfortable with where the Street is, at around 8% growth. Just trying to understand whats implicit in the guide?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Bob, you know what were dealing with right now. Theres so much uncertainty associated with the progression of COVID. Its very difficult. Were being somewhat courageous here to offer guidance at this point, with the uncertainty in front of us. So were not ready to dial-in to anything very specific. We do have the confidence to say  no, we really believe were going to be in growth mode, but were not prepared to get that precise.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. And then just one question on China. Just curious, how youre thinking about the ramp in TAVR in China. If you could maybe talk about how you think about the market opportunity? And especially how much of an infrastructure do you think exists in China and how big an opportunity you think that could be over the next 12 months? Obviously, a nice opportunity long term, but just curious about the ramp.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Were really looking forward to launching in China. Our belief is that there were maybe, I dont know, 2,400, 2,500 cases performed in 2019. So a nice opportunity. And its been served almost exclusive  or not almost, but exclusively by local companies. Were going to come in with a very different kind of approach, where we really focus on outstanding outcomes. Were going to try and really service those accounts. Were going to try and train them and make sure that they have great proctoring and support along the way. So were not expecting this to be a fast start. Matter of fact, it will be slow and deliberate. We dont expect it to have an appreciable difference on our 2020 performance, but we really like what it could do on a long-term basis.
Bob Hopkins: Great. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Robbie Marcus: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on a much better-than-expected quarter. I was wondering if you could talk about global pricing and competition for a minute. I know you said your ASP globally was stable. Are you seeing any of your competitors or are you, going forward, pursuing any major changes to pricing or strategy that youre seeing?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I cant say, Robbie, that weve seen anything thats major during the quarter. So we feel like much of it has been somewhat consistent to what weve seen in the past. We continue to be very disciplined ourselves. Im not positive exactly what other competitors are doing, but I havent heard anything thats particularly noteworthy.
Robbie Marcus: Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up. Congrats on getting the bicuspid warning  or not warning, but a negative suggestion removed from the label. How should we think about that in helping your adoption in low-risk here, where it is more important?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. So I think sometimes there was a misconception. We were never contraindicated. There was just always this notion that we didnt have the data that demonstrated safety. So now with the data thats been submitted, were in a position theres no longer that safety concern. I dont know if it makes a big difference. We have routinely treated these patients right along. And so its a positive for patients. Were not expecting it to have a big difference on our future volumes.
Robbie Marcus: I appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. One on TAVR, Mike, one on TMTT. So Mike, early on, you talked about doctors adapting to COVID. And given the shorter length of stay with TAVR, do you see COVID accelerating the transition to TAVR from SAVR? And I had one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: No. Thanks, Larry. Yes, no, we really dont see that. You probably imagine what would be going on in 2020, if it wasnt for COVID, we would be enjoying, we think, some pretty hefty double-digit growth rates. And so no, COVIDs not  we dont see it as an accelerator, but weve been so impressed by the ability of the system to adapt and find ways of treating COVID patients and their AS patients.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks. And Mike, I didnt hear you reiterate the $3 billion TMTT market in 2024. I apologize if I missed that. But is that  did you not reiterate it? And is the market developing slower than you expected? Or is just COVID may be pushing that $3 billion market size out a year or so? Thanks for taking my question.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Its a good question, Larry. Were not prepared to update how big we think the TMTT market is in 2024. You can tell we continue to be really excited about it. We wouldnt be putting this kind of energy into it, if we didnt think it was a big opportunity by 2024. And thats just the beginning, its going to get much bigger beyond that. But youd have to say that given its a developing market and it needs clinical trials for it to develop that COVID is somewhat of a setback. Well see what it is. Were hoping that its pretty contained but were not prepared to update any thinking at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS. Please state your question.
Matt Taylor: I just had a follow-up on the prior question about adding centers. I mean, could you just give us any color on how many centers have been added in the recent period? Are you able to do that? Or are hospitals really focused on managing patients and managing COVID. Can you talk about when that will resume?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Matt. I dont know the number, but my  I would say its really low. I dont think that new centers were trying to do TAVR during the onset of a global pandemic. I mean it just wasnt there. So it wasnt really much of a factor. There may have been a few that Im not aware of, but I think it was an obstacle for people to start to add bigger issues.
Matt Taylor: And just related to this a little bit, is the idea that as an incumbent and a market leader, does that give you an advantage during the COVID period because doctors dont want to train on new things or necessarily fuss with new or less-proven things or smaller companies?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Matt. Yes, there may have been some advantage that were the incumbent. But maybe the bigger issue is that weve got some really trustworthy and proven results. Weve got  people can count on the SAPIEN platform in terms of how its going to perform. They dont have to worry so much about a pacemaker thats going to mean the patient has to stay in the hospital longer, very little chance of ICU. So they just have more confidence in the system. And frankly, theres just not many opportunities if you have something brand-new to be able to train centers. And so there is some advantage, but I almost think the bigger advantage is from having a reliable system.
Matt Taylor: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Raj Denhoy: Thanks and good evening. Maybe I can start with Scott on the SG&A spending in the quarter. It was down almost, I guess, almost $40 million from last year. I know you didnt purposely cut a lot of expenses in the quarter. And Im curious about whether we should think about this as kind of a sustained level of expense at this point. Are there going to be changes in the way that you go-to-market now and given the access to hospitals? Will there be any sort of permanent change to the expense level for you guys?
Scott Ullem: Probably nothing material. I mean, were learning a lot about how to operate in this environment, but were expecting that the flow of operating expenses is probably going to start to increase again as our sales increase.
Raj Denhoy: Okay. Fair enough. And then maybe one for Mike. Im just curious your thoughts on  given that TAVR is in such an elderly population, do you think theres going to be any protracted impact on patients willingness to go to the hospital [Audio Dip] longer to get to a more normalized level of demand for TAVR? Or do you think will snap back relatively quickly?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. No, its a good question. Weve actually been wondering that. And we spend a lot of time with people across the health care system that worry about how do you get patients to reengage and come back to the hospitals. Hospitals have really worked on it, and they try and provide a safe place. Theyre encouraging direct contact with the physician. But the one thing that we know about AS, it is a deadly disease. Its just got a lousy future. And so those patients are highly incented to enter the system. And I guess were kind of learning like everybody else. We saw a rebound much faster in May and June than we were expecting.
Raj Denhoy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please state your question.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Mike, a couple of quick ones on the mitral and tricuspid programs. Is the plan still to develop EVOQUE for mitral? Or is that becoming more of a tricuspid system? And then any update on Cardioband?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. Were very excited about starting this EVOQUE trial in the tricuspid position. It really turns out to be a great platform. It is a platform that can be used in mitral. We have decided that we were going to advance M3 first, as the first platform for mitral regurgitation. We still like EVOQUE. And it may have a role, but were going to have EVOQUE lead in the tricuspid position and M3 lead in the mitral position.
Chris Pasquale: And anything new on Cardioband?
Mike Mussallem: We continue to do cases in Cardioband. Most of them get done in the tricuspid position, and were very pleased with the positive clinical outcomes. Its not broadly adopted, but for those that are engaged in it, theyre quite happy and the procedure times are coming down. We are really focused on updating that design. To be able to be one that is more easily used by many other clinicians and can lead to shorter times and more effective procedures. So thats also a key priority for the company.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a good execution to you. Mike, I had one clinical and one financial, maybe on the clinical side. I think I heard this correct, EVOQUE tricuspid, thats a transfemoral approach, correct? And does it imply the SAPIEN M3  is that also a transfemoral approach, do I need to have?
Mike Mussallem: So the second part of the question, if you can just  can you just say it again, please, Vijay?
Vijay Kumar: On the SAPIEN M3
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Yes. So the M3 and EVOQUE systems are both transfemoral, right? So if that really gets at it, yes. So we think that they are  they have the opportunity here to be adopted, if we can demonstrate strong evidence.
Vijay Kumar: Thats wonderful. And lets say, transformal on the arterial, not the venous side, correct, Mike?
Mike Mussallem: So on the mitral side, you were going to be coming up the venous side, right? So the transfemoral for MR is  and so also  so if you will, we come across the septum in the case of the mitral valve, whereas become transfemoral for the tricuspid valve.
Vijay Kumar: Thats helpful, Mike. Thats great to hear, see that approach. Just one, Scott, quick one on the guidance here. For CAGR at the high end, it implies mid-single digits for the back half. You guys said mid-singles in first half, 3Q at the midpoint, the guide is for flattish. That would imply double-digit for Q4. Is that something Q4, assuming we dont have a second wave, thats something that you guys are comfortable with? Thank you.
Scott Ullem: Well, like I said, were not  were expecting there are going to be some ups and downs here in the third and the fourth quarter. But with some kind of risk adjustment to factor in, little flare ups that may happen, we do expect that the high end is probably the right way to pencil in TAVR for the full year, largely as a result of the overperformance in the second quarter, less as a result of our expectations for Q3 and Q4 having really changed much since April.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Pito Chickering: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Back to Bobs question on China. I understand the ramp will be slow here. But can you guys size what the market opportunity is for three to five years from now in China?
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Pito. Its hard for us to know. And let me tell you why, and were not trying to be evasive here. Were going into a market where its the individual pays, its private pay. It comes out of their pocket. And so our experiences in other places of the world are just not as applicable. We also are going into a market where theres local competitors, and they were local first. So its not clear to us how fast its going to develop and how big its going to be. We think there is a lot of disease, and we think there are a lot of people that will be interested in a first-class system to get their disease treated, but were just not able to size it yet.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. Its been a pretty challenging quarter for obvious reasons. But can you give us any color on what your TAVR market share was in the second quarter versus the first quarter? And is the performance from Ultra driving any market share gains? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Pito. During this difficult time, its really tough for us to know what market share is. So just know how fast the market grew is something were just not comfortable to talk about. The data is lagging, its incomplete, and we just dont have a clear picture.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citi. Please state your question.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon. Thank you for delivering this quarter. Two quick questions. I may have missed it. Can you talk about what percentage of revenue your run rate was as you exited the quarter?
Mike Mussallem: So say it again, Joanne, please?
Joanne Wuensch: What percentage of revenue your run rate was as you exited the quarter?
Mike Mussallem: You mean what was  what did we exit as a growth rate?
Joanne Wuensch: Or as your year-over-year, how you think about it? Or your growth rate? Im just trying to understand your jumping-off point.
Scott Ullem: Well, I could say for this, Joanne, I think if this is your question, in the U.S., our TAVR business declined in the low teens in the second quarter. Is that where you were going?
Joanne Wuensch: Im trying to get a little bit more granular as you exited the quarter, not just for the full quarter.
Scott Ullem: Go ahead, Mike.
Mike Mussallem: No, were just saying, Joanne, we dont feel comfortable that the exit rate is a good proxy for the rest of the year. Remember, probably some of the cases that we were doing in June were probably catch-up from what was postponed in  earlier in the quarter. And so probably not an ideal way to be able to do modeling. Weve tried to share with you our best estimate, and weve even included how we started the third quarter and say, based on that, this is how we think Q3 is going to go, and we think its likely to be flat. But the exit rate, although interesting, is probably not the best measure.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. Thats helpful. And then my second question has to do a little bit with clinical trial enrollment. I mean, could you just provide a little bit of color how people are beginning to reengage and bring patients into the enrollment process?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Joanne. So what we were pleased with is we saw a willingness on the part of centers to get back involved. And I think we shared a 50% number. So about 50% of the people in the class trials that we said, hey, were pausing, have already approached us and said, were ready to go. Now from when theyre ready to go to when theyre actually treating patients, takes some time. Theres actually a much smaller number of those centers that have actually treated patients. But theyre coming back. So its going to cost us time, Joanne, clearly, on these clinical trials. It will  yet to be seen, whether its two quarters, more or less, I dont know. But there clearly is some kind of a pause and it will be somewhat dependent on the progression  precaution of COVID-19.
Joanne Wuensch: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our final question from today comes from Rick Wise with Stifel. Please state your question.
Rick Wise: Thanks and good afternoon, Mike and Scott. Mike, I wanted to turn back to the IP agreement settlement. And maybe you could just expand a little bit. Im just curious if you could expand a little bit on the implications. With the agreement in hand, maybe talk to us a little bit about what you can do now that you felt uncomfortable tackling before? What does it free you to do either clinically marketing, just help us appreciate next steps there? And just when I think about over the few decades, honestly, and these kinds of agreements, its often been a positive for the company signing it because the bar is raised on competition, et cetera. So what are the implications, the broader implications? Its nice to have it done. I get that part.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Rick. Were passionate about this whole area of being able to help these mitral and tricuspid patients. When youre involved in a lawsuit, it just consumes a lot of energy. And not only consumes the energy of the legal team, but it pulls much of the senior team into it, it pulls our field teams into it, it pulls our R&D teams into it. And its just a distraction. Instead of having people focused on how can I do great things for patients? How do I advance this therapy? Youre involved in some kind of a chess match. So its a real joy for us to say that, that time-consuming distraction is gone and we can focus on the exciting innovations that help patients that are suffering from valve disease.
Rick Wise: And just last, briefly, I know this is not about next quarter, the second half, but just  Im always curious to hear your latest thinking on new indications, TAVR indications. Weve touched on bicuspid a little bit, but anything incremental on asymptomatic or moderate AS to share? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Rick. Yes, those are  those continue to be very important. You can imagine, things like early TAVR, where you kind of slow down a little bit when you go through something like COVID, but we are  continue to be passionate about being able to treat asymptomatic patients, and were optimistic about that. And we also really want to get after these moderate patients. We continue to do a lot of thinking about that. Were not ready with a clinical trial design because that will be a very important one. But thats one thats clearly on our radar screen that were going to continue to evaluate.
Rick Wise: Thanks, Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and Mark and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone. And so Ill turn it back to you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes todays conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences First Quarter 2020 Results. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the formal presentation, we will follow with a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions].Without any further ado, I will now turn the call over to Mark Wilterding. Mr. Wilterding, you may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Victor. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us. With me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released its first quarter 2020 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss the results included in the press release and accompanied financial statements and then use the remaining time for Q&A.Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations.These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties including but not limited to those associated with COVID-19 pandemic that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product that safety information may be found in the press release, our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com.Finally, a quick reminder that when using terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures, otherwise theyre referring to GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call are included in today's press release.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Mussallem for his comments. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Mark. Before we dive into our first quarter results and updated 2020 outlook, I'd like to give you a broader sense of what's happening at the company in light of COVID-19 and how Edwards has responded during these challenging times. As you'd expect, our priority has been to continue to serve patients counting on us, support our clinical partners and protect the wellbeing of our employees.We are striving to maintain continuous access of our lifesaving technologies, as well as offering frontline in-hospital support. Most importantly, on behalf of everyone at Edwards, I want to express our gratitude to our clinician partners and the global healthcare community for their tireless dedication to serving patients during this challenging time. We appreciate their strong leadership and brave commitment to patient care and we're dedicated to supporting them as they address this global health crisis.I'm encouraged by the recent indication of plateauing and even declining infection rates and deaths from COVID-19 in many areas around the world. But we know that healthcare workers on the frontline continue to face unprecedented challenges.In the words of Dr. Craig Smith from Columbia University, I am confident that we will sail through this together in due time. I also want to recognize the extraordinary actions of our 14,000 employees around the world that have taken to overcome the unique challenges associated with COVID-19.Edwards is proud to be a member of the critical healthcare infrastructure and I admire the agility, resourcefulness, and passion of our employees in maintaining their important work on behalf of patients and also volunteering their help in our communities during this difficult period of time. Thanks to our global supply chain team and our government and regulatory partnerships around the world.Despite significant challenges, our manufacturing operations have continued to deliver and we've been able to supply our technologies to more than 100 countries around the world. Our dedicated manufacturing employees have been able to consistently meet the global demand for our structural heart technologies.As noted at our December investor conference, we focused energy and resources to improve the capacity and agility of our global production facilities over the last few years and it's really become apparent at this time. In Europe, there's been an increased need for supply of our pressure monitoring products in critical care. We're grateful to our employees, whore making progress to more than double our production to keep up with this demand and serve critically ill patients in need.Our valued third-party suppliers are a critical piece of this infrastructure and we work closely with them in an effort to avoid disruption. We are proactively managing capacity, assessing alternative logistic options and closely managing the supply of components. Our team's commitment to delivering life saving technologies to patients is unwavering. I also want to commend our clinical field teams for their work providing real time support for patients and frontline clinicians at this time when it's needed most. Their courage and resiliency in assisting clinicians and patients has been truly impressive. In March alone, Edwards provided clinical support for TAVR procedures in all 50 states in the U.S., and in almost 60 countries around the world.At all times, we have adhered to important measures to protect the safety of our employees, while also continuing the critical work of providing life saving technologies for patients. We'll continue to rely on trusted global health sources, governments and local hospital policies to inform our decision making. Because of our strong team and patient focused culture, I have absolute confidence in our ability to successfully navigate this unprecedented global crisis.Finally, I want to recognize the important role and impact of our charitable partners in meeting both local and global community needs at this time. To respond to these needs driven by the pandemic, the Edwards Lifesciences Foundation issued emergency grants to more than 20 partner organizations and communities where our Edwards employees live and work around the world.Additionally, Edwards is providing donations of critical care technologies during this crisis to help physicians care for underserved patients. We will stay closely connected to our charitable partners to understand other ways that we can help in our communities. Also, in the first quarter our foundation achieved its longstanding goal of screening and treating more than 1.5 million underserved people in over 35 countries, through our Every Heartbeat Matters initiative. Its truly a remarkable effort by our charitable partners, and one that inspires me personally.We're using our knowledge gained from our first phase of Every Heartbeat Matters to set a new bold goal to improve the lives of 2.5 million more underserved structural heart and critical care patients by the end of 2025.Finally, before I get into our results, it was 20 years ago this month we rang the bell at the New York Stock Exchange, marking the spin off from Baxter and officially beginning our journey as Edwards Lifesciences. And it's been an incredible journey and we are not done yet. Not even close. While we continue to actively monitor COVID-19 and its potential business disruptions, we remain confident in our long-term patient focused strategy and innovation pipeline. There are still many patients in need. I remain very confident in our global team and culture that once this crisis passes, and it will pass, together, we will achieve many more successes.Now turning to first quarter results. Despite challenges associated with COVID-19, we reported $1.1 billion in sales this quarter, representing 14% sales growth. In Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement or TAVR, our first quarter global sales were $742 million, up 25% on an underlying basis. Our global TAVR sales growth through early March was consistent with our strong fourth quarter global growth rate. This was dramatically impacted in the last few weeks of the quarter as procedures fell as a result of the COVID-19 disruptions. As you might expect, procedure volumes in March varied greatly by geography, even by hospital as patients and providers turned their focus to the pandemic.Estimating TAVR procedure growth is more challenging than ever in the current environment. We anticipate being able to better position -- to be in a better position to estimate TAVR procedure growth and our competitive share once the global situation begins to normalize. Globally, average selling prices were stable.In U.S., our TAVR sales grew approximately 30% on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter. Our U.S. TAVR sales growth through early March was consistent with our strong fourth quarter growth rate driven by a step up in TAVR treatments as new patients entered the system independent of their surgical risk.During the last few weeks of the quarter, procedures dropped precipitously, and were highly variable across the country.The rollout of SAPIEN 3 Ultra continued to be very positive in the first quarter and clinician feedback on improved paravalvular leak performance remains outstanding. Ultra accounted for more than 30% of our U.S. and European TAVR volumes exiting the first quarter. To ensure the safety of our employees and clinician partners from the threat of COVID-19 however, we've decided to pause proctoring of centers that are not already trained on the device. We anticipate resuming the SAPIEN 3 Ultra rollout as soon as we go back to a more stable environment.As you may recall, we committed to following the PARTNER 3 patients for 10 years and in March, the two year follow up was presented at the virtual ACC Conference. Overall, we were extremely pleased that the clinical outcomes of SAPIEN 3 in low risk patients continues to be excellent at two years.Outside the U.S. in the first quarter TAVR sales grew in the mid-teens year-over-year on an underlying basis. In Europe, Edwards growth was even stronger than our fourth quarter and better than expected through early March, before being impacted by dramatically slower procedure growth related to COVID-19. Despite this headwind, we were encouraged by the strong adoption of TAVR across most countries.In Japan, we saw very good TAVR adoption. First quarter procedures in Japan were not meaningfully impacted by COVID-19, although we expect it to negatively impact Q2 sales there.In summary, based on what we know today, we assume the impact of COVID-19 on our TAVR sales will be the most severe in the second quarter, followed by a gradual recovery in the third quarter and in fourth quarter that resembles our original expectations for sales. Although we're encouraged by recent news of improving infection rates from COVID-19, we also recognize the high degree of continued uncertainty in terms of hospital procedure volumes.We now estimate global TAVR sales growth for 2020 to be flat to 2019, with a range of minus 5% to plus 5%, versus our previous expectation of approximately 15% sales growth.However, what we know for certain is that severe aortic stenosis is relentless, and Edwards remains committed to delivering critical solutions to these patients even in the face of the extraordinary challenges caused by COVID-19. We remain confident that the opportunity will exceed $7 billion by 2024.In transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies or TMTT, first quarter global sales were approximately $10 million. From a commercial standpoint, we experienced strong momentum and accelerated adoption of PASCAL in Europe. We continue to be pleased with PASCAL's acute clinical outcomes and physician feedback remains positive. We were tracking to our expectations until the last few weeks of the quarter, when sales declined abruptly due to the impact of COVID-19.As previously announced, we've temporarily paused new enrollments in our mitral and tricuspid active pivotal clinical trials. We are coordinating closely with the trials investigators and the decision to resume enrollment will be made in consultation with each investigator and hospital. We remain laser focused on our vision of transforming care for patients with mitral and tricuspid valvular disease by developing a portfolio of innovative therapies supported by a growing body of clinical evidence.We continue to gain experience and make meaningful progress across the portfolio and you can expect to hear informative updates regarding PASCAL, Cardioband and EVOQUE at the upcoming EuroPCR medical meeting. In Q2, we expect a significant negative impact on transcatheter mitral and tricuspid procedures as healthcare systems focus on fighting the pandemic since these procedures currently require general anesthesia and an ICU stay.We anticipate recovery beginning in Q3 and remain committed to our strategy of ensuring procedural success and differentiated patient outcomes through our high-touch support model. We are revising our revenue range to $30 million to $45 million for the full year from our previous expectation of $50 million to $70 million. We feel confident that we're well positioned to navigate and manage through these unprecedented challenges with our long-term strategy and dedicated focused team.We continue to estimate the global TMTT opportunity will reach approximately $3 billion by 2024 and are passionate about bringing solutions for these deadly diseases and improving patients lives around the world. In Surgical Structural Heart, first quarter sales of $193 million declined 9% on an underlying basis. As expected, driven by the rapid adoption of TAVR, the U.S. surgical aortic valve procedure headwinds experienced in the fourth quarter persisted into the first quarter.During the last few weeks of March, we experienced a sharp deceleration in procedures related to COVID-19. We remain very encouraged by the continued adoption of our premium INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve, which is driving an increasing share of surgical aortic valve procedures. Based on favorable patient outcomes and positive physicians feedback, it's not surprising that in INSPIRIS valve has become the number one implanted surgical aortic valve in the U.S. and Japan.In Europe, HARPOON, our beating heart mitral valve repair system is now available commercially and we plan to launch it as the environment stabilizes. In addition, we're also pleased to report that we recently received FDA approval to begin our U.S. pivotal IDE study and begin enrollment to begin -- and expect enrollment to begin in the second half of 2020. Recall that HARPOON offers the potential for earlier treatment of degenerative mitral valve disease with faster recovery and more consistent outcomes for surgical patients.In summary, because of the impact associated with COVID-19, we now expect Surgical Structural Heart sales for full year 2020 to decline 5% to 15% from 2019 versus our previous expectation of zero to 3% growth. Our expectation is that lower case rate at the end of Q1 in the U.S. and Europe will continue in Q2.We anticipate that our Q4 sales will return to positive growth, driven by market adoption of our newest technologies. As we move beyond COVID-19 and even as transcatheter technology expands, we're excited about our ability to provide innovative surgical treatment options for more patients and extend our global leadership in premium Surgical Structural Heart technologies.To summarize, TAVR, TMTT and Surgical, as the COVID disruption subsides there ultimately are structural heart patients who delayed their treatment and will get treated. However, sadly, we expect that because of these delays, some patients will worsen and not survive the delay given the deadly nature of these chronic conditions. It's difficult to quantify the impact on patients at this time but recall data published in the Journal of Thoracic Surgery suggests that patients waiting for aortic valve replacement have a 4% mortality risk at one month, 8% at three months, and 12% after waiting six months. This is a very difficult time for structural heart patients as they weigh the risk of COVID-19 versus the severe effects of progressive heart valve disease.In Critical Care, first quarter sales of $183 million increased 1% on an underlying basis. Growth in the first quarter was driven by greater demand in Europe, primarily for our TruWave disposable pressure monitoring devices, partially offset by lower demand for our enhanced surgical recovery products. Recall that our Critical Care product line is focused on helping two distinct groups of patients. The larger of which require hemodynamic monitor -- monitoring in the surgical setting, and the smaller group who require support in the ICU.While the pandemic remains active, revenues from our enhanced surgical recovery products will be significantly lower, partially offset by increased demand for ICU products. We have also seen some delay in HemoSphere orders in the U.S., as hospitals limit their capital spending as they focus on COVID-19.In summary, because of the uncertainty related to COVID-19, we now estimate Critical Care sales growth for 2020 to be flat to 2019 with a range of minus 5% to plus 5%, versus our previous expectation of 6% to 9% growth.And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Hey thanks a lot, Mike. Today I'll provide a perspective on the first quarter along with some additional directions on how the rest of the year may unfold based upon what we know today. I'm very pleased with the overall financial results in Q1, including our sales of $1.1 billion. Appreciate that our results reflected two very different periods during the quarter. Through early March, our total sales were running a little ahead of our expectations, with notable strength in TAVR in Europe. Pre-COVID we were running at underlying growth rates closer to the fourth quarter of 2019 than to our Q1 guidance expectations.The second phase of the quarter was when we felt the impact of COVID in Europe and the U.S. and sales in the last few weeks of March were substantially lower than we originally expected. Our sales in April remain depressed, even though COVID admissions appear to be plateauing.While our sales in Q1 were lower than expected, so was our spending, so that adjusted earnings per share in the first quarter was $1.51, which was within our guidance range. GAAP earnings per share was $1.47. a full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release.Now, I'll cover the details of our first quarter results as well as discuss guidance for the balance of the year. For the first quarter, our adjusted gross margin was 76.7% consistent with the prior year quarter. This year's rate benefited from a favorable product mix offset by lower foreign exchange hedge gains and spending in support of the new European Medical Device regulations. COVID didn't have much of an impact our GP rate in the first quarter. Although we'll see the negative impact from COVID later this year as the higher cost inventory is sold.Regarding operating expenses, first quarter expenses were lower than expected primarily as a result of the COVID impact. Some expenses declined naturally due to less travel and meeting expenses, as well as delayed clinical trial activity. We are implementing cost control measures. And at the same time, we have intentionally not implemented actions to significantly reduce our investment plans supporting our long-term growth strategy. Our priority has been to keep our people safe, secure and focused on helping patients.Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were $308 million or 27.3% of sales compared to $280 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by additions we have made in field clinical personnel to support TAVR cases in the U.S. and TMTT in Europe.Research and development expenses grew 9% to $187 million, or 16.6% of sales, compared to $171 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies. As we announced previously, we made a strategic decision to pause TMTT clinical trials in response to the urgent COVID-19 response around the globe. This will have a moderate negative impact to sales and results in a corresponding reduction in planned research and development spending for the remainder of the year.Turning to taxes, our reported tax rate this quarter was 14.8%. This rate included a 270 basis point benefit from the accounting for employee stock based compensation, which was 230 basis points, or $0.04 unfavorable to our guidance expectation. Our rate this quarter also benefited from a favorable tax audit settlement. As a result of increased uncertainty, we now expect our full year 2020 tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 11% and 15%.Foreign exchange rates decreased first quarter sales growth by approximately 0.9% or $8 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect an approximately $50 million negative impact or about 1.5% to full year 2020 sales versus 2019.Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted our first quarter gross profit margin by 30 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our January guidance, FX rates positively impacted earnings per share by about a penny reflecting our effective currency hedging program.Turning to the balance sheet, we have a very strong balance sheet with approximately $1 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at the end of the quarter. In addition, we have an undrawn line of credit up to $1 billion and our public bonds don't mature until 2028. Additionally, we continue to generate healthy cash flows. Consistent with our practice of opportunistically repurchasing shares, we purchased 3 million shares for $615 million during the first quarter.We started buying back stock in the open market in February. In March, shares were purchased by a bank on behalf of Edwards through a preestablished 10b5 program. This program automatically went into effect when Edwards stock price declined with the market selloff. We still have remaining share repurchase authorization of $625 million. Average shares outstanding in Q1 was 211.7 million and we are updating our guidance for average shares outstanding for the full year to 210 million to 212 million, down from 212 million to 214 million.Please note that we will host our Annual Shareholder Meeting virtually this year on Thursday, May 7th. As outlined in our proxy statement filed last month, one of the proposals to be voted on by our shareholders will be to increase the number of shares outstanding for the purpose of effecting a 3 for 1 stock split. We expect to make split adjusted financial information available under our Investor Relations website following the execution of the split.Adjusted free cash flow for the first quarter was $125 million defined as cash flow from operating activities of $207 million less capital spending of $82 million. Our first quarter free cash flow is traditionally our lowest quarter during the year. We are not updating our free cash flow guidance for the year. Although, we expect it will fall short of our original expectation of $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion.Now I'll turn to the guidance for full year 2020. As you know, we cannot accurately predict the progression of COVID nor the timeline or extent of the disruption to hospital procedures utilizing the therapies Edwards provides. As a result, there is a wide range of potential outcomes for sales and earnings and we will provide a wider-than-usual range of 2020 guidance based upon what we know today.We have modeled multiple scenarios based on the pace at which hospitals return to more normal treatment rates. Our guidance assumes the impact of COVID to be most severe in the second quarter followed by a gradual recovery during the course of the third quarter and a fourth quarter that comes close to our original expectations. Based upon our recovery assumptions, Edwards sales growth for the full year is estimated to be flat to 2019 with a range of minus 5% to plus 5%. That reflects TAVR and Critical Care growth of flat to 2019 with a range of minus 5% to plus 5%; Surgical, minus 15% to minus 5% versus 2019; and TMTT revenues of $30 million to $45 million.The recovery of our structural heart businesses will be influenced by many factors and tempered by the time it takes for patients to seek and receive treatment. It's common for the screening process alone to take two to three months. 2020 sales guidance for the total company is now expected to be $4.0 billion to $4.5 billion versus our previous range of $4.6 billion to $5 billion. For the second quarter, we estimate sales of $700 million to $900 million.We've also modeled more conservative recovery scenarios versus our base case, such as a recovery beginning later in the year, or a recovery followed by a resurgence in COVID that extend these conditions into 2021. We are not providing financial guidance related to those scenarios. But we are prepared to operate under those conditions if necessary. Our guidance does not anticipate a second wave of COVID-19.So overall, while providing guidance thats subject to an abnormally high level of risk, we're providing you a transparent view of our forecast. We'll obviously continue to provide visibility into how our thinking evolves in the quarters ahead.Before I turn it back to Mike, I'll make one additional comment about our team at Edwards. In the last couple of months we've learned how to communicate in new ways internally and with all of our external partners, keep the global infrastructure and systems of Edwards running smoothly, and even close our books remotely. It has made us a stronger team and I'm confident we will continue to succeed with our patient-centered strategy and sustainable growth goals.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. So whether you're new to our story, or you follow the company since we went public 20 years ago, you know that our talented and dedicated team at Edwards has always put patients first. Never has this been more important than today. As we stand together with the global community, I'm grateful for our extraordinary team and our partners, and I'm optimistic about the future of continuing to deliver innovations to patients around the world.And with that, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you, Mike. We're ready to take questions now. In order to allow for broad participation we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one, plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Victor?
Operator: Thank you. You have now reached our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Bob Hopkins of Bank of America. You may proceed with your question.
Bob Hopkins: Thanks, Mike. So glad to hear everybody is well and congratulations on the strong results. I guess my first question is just on the guidance that you're providing. It seems like the Q2 guide at the midpoint is down about 25% year-over-year. Just curious, is that the run rate that you're on currently or is your current run rate a little worse than that?
Mike Mussallem: So the -- it varies different as you can imagine by geography. It also varies very different by business. I can summarize it this way Bob. Q2 is going to be a really tough quarter. It's come down hard, and we're living that right now. Even the numbers that we're providing for Q2 is probably moderately better than it is right now. I might add that our structural heart businesses feel it even more acutely than our critical care business.
Bob Hopkins: And then the follow-up -- and thanks for that, is just on the Q4 guidance, you just -- Mike or Scott, what are the things you guys considered, what are the things that sort of informed your view that we'll be all the way back to a normal quarter in Q4, despite this kind of, once in a lifetime, once in a generation type event we're going through right now? I am just curious, what are the data points that gave you that confidence that by Q4 you'll be all the way back to normal?
Mike Mussallem: So it's a good question, Bob. And this is very tough to do. So we know that it's challenging time to estimate revenues. We're starting to see positive signs already. And so in the tone of the tenor we really -- we hear people preparing themselves to start recovery. And we know that that's going to take some time. We also know that the diseases we treat are very serious and that we expect those diseases are not easy to postpone. And we know that many of the patients that might have been treated in Q1, Q2 and so forth, might indeed be treated in Q4. And so the combination of those factors that encourage us to say that were likely -- and again, there's a broad range of possibilities but were likely to be in a more typical volume situation in Q4.
Mark Wilterding: Victor, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
David Lewis: So one kind of just follow-up question and Ive a quick second one. Mike, just thinking of the fourth quarter recovery and not really talking about 2021 yet, but a lot of investors are fixated on if fourth quarter is going to be normal, it probably implies some sense of procedure recapture. But given the age of these patients and as you think about the low risk referral channel, to what extent do you think about or to what extent should investors be concerned about disruption to that referral channel, just considering the age of that patient and their willingness to sort of re-access the system in a post-COVID world? And then a quick follow-up for you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, no, it's very real. One thing for sure David is our patients were scared. They're afraid of COVID and it's meant that they have in many cases decided to stay home. So, there's many factors that influence the recovery. But if you do think of it as a bowl, as a funnel, there's been a bunch of patients that are waiting. So beginning the screening process again, that really needs to begin months in advance of the fourth quarter, is going to be key. It's going to be a big effort by the whole community. But I think the community is going to come to grips with the fact that this these heart valve patients, and AS patients in particular, really need to be treated and that they're in a dangerous situation, and we think that they are going to respond to that.So right now, the screening rates have not returned to prior levels, not even close. But we're anticipating that that's going to happen. And that's what will cause Q4 to be what it is.
David Lewis: And I know it's challenging to think about share right now just given the moving dynamics. But if we assume the first 2.5 months of the quarter, we're running kind of close to 30% consistent with fourth quarter, it's pretty clear that you were taking share in the market certainly in certain regions. Can you sort of talk about what you're seeing out there in the channel in the early part of the quarter as it relates to whether you think share was tied to capitalizing better than peers on new center expansion? Or you think this is now sort of definitive evidence that the unique attributes of S3 and low risk patients are sort of shining through with the clinicians?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, David. Well, you know how we feel about SAPIEN 3 platform. We think it's outstanding and we think the PARTNER 3 study reinforced that and it's even nice to see this data that was generated at two years. But as we said, trying to estimate overall procedure growth is just really challenging right now in the current environment. We're going to be in a much better position to do that sometime in the future, but right now trying to speak to competitive share just seems inappropriate to us and will be -- make a lot more sense to do that once things normalize.
Mark Wilterding: Victor, next question please.
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from Joanne Wuensch with Citi.
Joanne Wuensch: A couple of questions here. I wanted to spend a moment on the ACC data. What did you think about the two year data? We did get some pushback comments from investors that at the two year mark the TAVR versus SAVR results close the gap a little bit. I would like to see your thought or hear your thoughts on that? And then I just want to go back to your comments on procedures. I'm trying to get my head around this concept of a catch up in terms of the patients that are being delayed. Did you dial that in, in your thought process for sort of a normal fourth quarter and/or are these patients ultimately just left out of the system? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So I'm going to have a little bit of a follow-up on your second question, Joanne. Let me try and get at your first one. Overall we were just -- we were extremely pleased with the outcomes of SAPIEN 3 in low risk patients at two years. Now remember what this was. This was a one -- it was a one year trial, right, with a one year endpoint. But we agreed to follow these patients for 10 years. And so you're going to get a snapshot each year into the future.Yes, the numbers did come closer together. But one of the things that's positive is numerically TAVR stays superior to surgery at two years. Then it gets -- and it's still numerically better. So the numbers are quite small at this point, Joanne. So just a couple of deaths or a couple of strokes can change that - can be the difference between statistical superiority and just being called equivalent. And so if it's very small differences, but no we werent discouraged by that at all. We continue to be very encouraged.And your second question is about catch up and resuming normal of expected treatments. So I want to make sure that I'm answering what you're asking, Joanne. Are you asking what about the patient? Even if we catch up, there's a lot of patients that won't have been treated during 2020. Are you asking me to comment on those?
Joanne Wuensch: Yes. Because we have been trying to think about, okay, patients who are deferred now, at what stage should they come back into the system and the answer may be at the end of the year, 2021 or sadly never?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So if this is a really tough time for patients. And ultimately, there may be some structural heart patients whove delayed the treatment, who never get treated. And just because of deadly nature, some are not likely to survive. If you just run the numbers here, it gets to be an extraordinary large group of patients and that distresses us greatly. It's just the difficult times, the disease is clearly progressive. And so we know about some patients already anecdotally who have passed away on the waiting list, which is very sad. But no, this is a tough time as the world has turned their attention to COVID. It's not a great set of conditions for structural heart patients.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Taylor: I guess from that line of thinking, I was just hoping you might give us some color that you're getting from your customers, or that you're thinking about in terms of supporting them through kind of the different phases of recovery? Have you talked to your possible customers about how they're going to manage in triage, some of the structural heart cases in the early phases of recovery and how they'll move to more normal operations to kind of inform some of your assumptions here?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. Yes, we certainly have had a lot of conversations about that. And so what I'll share here will be somewhat anecdotal. It varies a great deal by region. You can imagine the situation in New York City is very different than what you might see in other parts of the U.S. and in other parts of the world, frankly.In the U.S. there are many people that are turning their attention to trying to get back to doing procedures again. You know hospitals are very dependent on doing procedures to be able to maintain their income and they also know that there are patients out there with real needs, and so they want to get back to it. There are various state regulations that they need to work through and then there's just a lot of machinery to start again.And in our case, we have to influence patients to come in and get screened again and begin that whole process. And so when procedures stop, screening also stops. And so that's the restarting of the system that's going on right now. And it's going to take some time, but I think people are clearly motivated to get it going and it is going to be highly variable, depending on where you are.
Matt Taylor: Just one follow-up. I know you've paused the TMTT trial, which makes sense. Do you have any sense for in your framework that you laid out here when you might be able to get those restarted?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, that's a challenging one for us. The way it was paused, we're going to be able to open up individual centers when they're ready. If you're going to ask us broadly, what does that mean? Probably around two quarters. It's going to -- you're going to have a site-by-site restart. But I think a fair estimate is something like that we'd be disappointed if it went much longer. And we know that we have a lot of really motivated clinical investigators who encourage us to stop, but I think they are going to be the same people that encourage us to get started again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Wise with Stifel. You may now proceed with your question.
Rick Wise: Hi, Mike. A couple of questions. One bigger picture to start with. And you've touched on this a little bit but as you reflect on -- as I start to reflect on a post-COVID environment, and again, you've highlighted that patients are going to be anxious coming back to hospitals, et cetera. It seems to me there's an argument that the post-COVID recovery environment actually accelerate TAVR adoption, given the desire to get patients better, faster, get them out of the hospital quicker. The opposite side of that coin obviously is that could accelerate pressures on surgical valve growth outlook. Is there any merit in that accelerate TAVR and pressure on surgical valve thought?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Rick. And as you might imagine, there is indeed a wide range of outcomes. And so although it's very hard to say, but I think there are a number of people that are going to be motivated to go. The resources and equipment to restart TAVR given the short length of stay and the fact that it doesn't need an ICU could encourage people to try and get that procedure going, particularly considering how serious AS is. And so yes, there is a scenario where it could come up faster. But the other thing that we have to be clear on is, we've watched the system really screech to a halt. And so this -- it's a restart process. And indeed, I'm sure you know from your own research that patients are scared. And so getting them to re-enter whether it's hospitals or whether hospitals create places that patients can go and feel more comfortable, this is going to be the test of getting the system restarted. It's just a -- it's a wide range of possibilities.
Rick Wise: And just as a second question. You emphasized a couple of times that there will be informative updates, which sounds like, I don't know, strong language to me at EuroPCR on PASCAL, Cardioband and EVOQUE. Can you just share with us what you're thinking, what it could -- not what the data will be, but what the updates are likely to consist of and what we should expect? Thank you so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks very much, Rick. Yes, there are going to be a number of things accompanying probably a late-breaker and some oral abstracts and some posters, but probably two of that we call your attention to, on EVOQUE in the tricuspid position. I believe the early experience is going to be shared, which I believe is going to be 19 patients at 30 days. And so that will be the first time that the community has had a chance to see how that valve performs. And then in PASCAL, the CLASS study, actually the CE Mark study that evaluated both DMR and FMR patients, we will have 62 patients at one year and 109 patients at 30 days and six months. So it will be a nice informative update on those product lines for sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Larry Biegelsen: So Mike, how are you thinking about the pace of recovery for TAVR and may be SAVR compared to other types of procedures? Do you think valve procedures will come back faster because they're more medically necessary or do you think the advanced age of the patients make them reluctant to go to hospital? How do you think about that dynamic? And I had one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Larry. I don't have a strong view on other procedures. You know us, we're so focused on structural heart diseases, that's where we really put our energy. What we do know is that AS is particularly deadly and there is some data there that reinforces that. And so that makes us think that there is going to be a strong motivation for people to do this. And at a time when hospitals really want to get back to providing the care, and also I think they're frankly concerned about their economics, here is something that they can do that I think is really good for patients and it also helps them get back on their feet again.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And then, Scott, just on the guidance, just to put a finer point on it. Q3, should we be thinking about that as basically kind of flattish year-over-year or actually maybe down a little bit? Thanks for taking the questions.
Scott Ullem: Yes. Thanks for the question, Larry. It's tough to say, and we've intentionally not tried to breakout Q2 versus Q3 versus Q4. What we know is that our assumption is based upon second quarter being the most severe followed by a gradual recovery in the third quarter and a fourth quarter that ultimately better resembles our original expectation for sales. But where that crosses from being below our original expectations to meeting our expectations, there is something that we just can't put a fine point on it at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Robbie Marcus: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow-up on Bob's question about second quarter. So we pretty much have one-third of the quarter in the bag here and $700 million to $900 million. I was hoping you could give us a little bit of what has to happen from this point to get to $700 million, what has to happen to get to $900 million? I know there is a wide range of outcomes. But just help us understand what hits the bottom end from here, what hits the top end? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We're not accustomed to sort of slice it by month, Robbie, but I'll try and give you a little bit of color here. So the -- a lot of it is going to depend what COVID does itself and whether COVID keeps receding or not. Based on what we've seen so far, there needs to be improvement from where we are today to get to the middle of the range or certainly the top of the range. If we continue where we are today, we're going to be much closer to the bottom of the range. And it's just a wide range of possibilities in terms of how this quarter will play out. We probably never had a quarter that has a greater level of uncertainty as the second.
Robbie Marcus: Got it. And Scott, I love hearing when companies do right by their employees during tough times. I was wondering if you help us think about some of the moving pieces down the P&L here for gross margin, SG&A and R&D, it sounds like you're investing in R&D. But maybe just help us put it all together down the P&L and how you reach the EPS? Thanks.
Scott Ullem: Yes, sure. So on gross margin, there are number of things that are really unusual that are happening right now, and it includes, obviously starting with reduced manufacturing volumes. We're proactively managing our capacity and our supply chain. We are looking for alternatives in terms of logistics and trying to offset expedited freight that will show up in our gross margin in a negative degree. And we just got other extra costs that are involved in supporting our manufacturing operations in our seven facilities around the world. So there will be pressure on gross profit.In terms of SG&A, we've had some natural declines just in travel and conferences and the timing on headcount growth because we're still a growth company. But there are just some natural headwinds to being able to complete those investments on the time schedule that we had originally envisioned.In R&D, most of it is just delays in clinical trial enrollment that we've talked about, and that's what's going to a certain extent gate our ability to invest in that R&D growth. And then you get into tax and shares outstanding, which we've talked about a little bit. I'm not sure those are really as dependent upon the recovery or specific to Q2 being so soft. Does that get to your question?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. And I just might add that we have tried to really focus on prioritizing and protecting our employees and their jobs and we're not planning layoffs associated with this pandemic. And as I said earlier, we continue to support cases in every state and the countries around the world and we're going to do everything we can to continue to be a great partner through this entire process.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Miksic: Hey, thanks for fitting us in. So a couple of follow-ups. One on new centers. Mike, if you could talk a little bit about -- that's been an important trend for developing the market and rolling out across the U.S., what were you seeing and what do you expect over the next couple of quarters as the system kind of restarts? And then I had one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I don't have hard data on that one. We currently estimate that there is more than 700 centers and we said that -- and this was following the NCD that was approved last year that we're probably headed toward 850 in total. So I don't know the exact number to where we are right now. I can tell you that since COVID hit, we've stopped doing the training and are really focused on the existing sites. And so thats probably going to change that adoption rate to some extent. But the bigger driver in terms of the way the Q1 was going before COVID hit was new patients coming off the sidelines. And that wasn't all concentrated in new sites, that was across the board.
Matt Miksic: That's helpful. Thank you for that. And then just the other on sort of some of the other geographies, and we're all quite focused obviously on what's happening in the U.S. and the hopeful signs that some hospitals that you mentioned are starting to open back up or thinking about opening back up to more like the surgeries. But in other geographies, can you give us some sense of either re-improving, reemerging elective procedures or the ability anywhere else in the world or how would you compare the rest, let's say, Europe and Asia to what you're seeing here?
Mike Mussallem: Sure. So we would say in Europe, we saw a phenomena that was very similar to the U.S., which is a strict drop-off in March. Within Europe, some countries got hit much harder than others. But the net-net effect was Europe wasn't so different than the U.S. and we actually think that the recovery in Europe and the U.S. may not be so different. Interestingly enough, procedures in Japan in Q1 were not meaningfully impacted by COVID-19. We think that there is going to be a more pronounced effect in Q2. And it just seems from our perspective that the kind of the wave of COVID-19 patients in Japan is trailing what's happening in the U.S. and Europe by a matter of maybe weeks of some sort tough to know for sure. Those are the biggest markets. I mean there are other places around the world where TAVR is still young, like Australia and Latin America where there is still growth and not much impact from COVID. But those are kind of small numbers by comparison.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Raj Denhoy: I just wanted to build on these comments you made about the fourth quarter and getting back to where you thought you would have been kind of prior to this. And so when one thinks about kind of 2021, right, do you think about a growth rate in 2021 that is kind of normalized or do you think we actually will be at kind of a heightened growth rate in that year as we maybe make up some of these loss procedures in 2021? When do you expect the fall off to be as significant on a dollar basis as we're going to see here in 2020?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Sorry Raj, I mean, we're -- obviously it's premature for us to get into 2021 in a big way, but you can tell. When we say that we're going to start approaching recovery in Q4, you'd like to think that in 2021 we've got some pretty favorable comparisons. And so I would anticipate that.
Raj Denhoy: Understood. And maybe just as a follow-up, a little bit of a follow-up to the last question. Germany is getting set to open up in a broad way, I guess the entire country in just next week. Have you picked up anything in terms of in anticipation for procedures to start to ramp in Germany or any early feedback as that country gets ready to open up again?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We don't have anything broad at this point, Raj, but we do hear anecdotal comments. I mean the physicians there are very active researchers and many of them want to start conversations about getting going again. So there's a few anecdotal conversations about that, but really no hard data about how Germany will start up.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks for squeezing me in, and I'll try to ask both of them at the same go. One, Mike, back to ACC, your competition was making some noise on bicuspid data in low risk. Just curious to get your views on have you seen any impact in the market? And related, on the competitive front, any update on the mitral litigation side? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Yes, thanks, Vijay. So there's a lot of data on bicuspid and there has been some extensive published real world experiences. At Edwards, you know we're not contraindicated for these patients that we treat bicuspid patients with SAPIEN valves all the time. And our real world outcomes and these patients have been outstanding with the balloon-expandable SAPIEN 3. So we think that body of evidence is just going to grow and we expect there will be more data at cardiology conferences in the future. Your other question was about the IP. Yes, so big picture, I think we believe that our IP positions and we're prepared to defend them. We don't believe litigations necessarily in the best interest of patients, and we're going to hope that we can move through this. But there is a lot of litigation going on in a lot of countries with a lot of dates. And so it will be a continued source of noise at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink. You may now ask your question.
Danielle Antalffy: Just if I could -- I just have one question. Just if I could on the recovery and the commentary, Mike, around losing some of these patients. I appreciate that these patients are very sick. However, in my checks, I'm hearing that the most urgent patients, i.e. designated their disease will progress too much that there they'll be re-hospitalized or won't survive over the next few months are being done today. Therefore, will these patients necessarily be lost? I guess I'm a little more bullish on the recovery curve as you probably saw with my upgrade. So just trying to get a sense of how confident you are that, that is going to be the case, because it sounds to me like a lot of those very sick patients are actually getting done? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: So you're right. Danielle. Certainly, there are very sick patients that aren't being done, right, we're not doing zero. But it's much lower than we expected to be doing at this time. And what I was trying to express, if you just think about it in a growth sense and it's a little bit dehumanizing. But if you think about what we were going to do and how many patients we're going to be treated during 2020 compared to the number of patients that we believe we're going to treat now, it's a much smaller number and that's a deep concern. We know that many AS patients do not get treated. And that's why that's actually one of the reasons why we are so enthusiastic about our work because we can get after this population that's not treated. So that pool of untreated patients just gets bigger, and we know that there is mortality associated with that.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and Mark and I welcome any additional questions by telephone.
Operator: We have one final question with Josh Jennings here. Mr. Jennings, your line is now open.
Josh Jennings: Thanks for fitting me in here. I guess, I'll just keep it to one. Just in terms of your outlook for the competitive landscape, when a competitor is in the market, potentially a new competitor with an approval later this year, any change in terms of all in terms of the competitive headwinds, because we just imagine that getting cases proctored and moving forward with the launch could be a little bit challenging for the competitors. I just wanted to hear your thoughts on that? Thanks again.
Operator: This is the conference operator. My apologies. I believe we may have just lost our speaker. Mr. Wilterding, can you hear me? Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize. I believe our speaker has concluded the presentation here. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Fourth Quarter 2019 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference call is being recorded.I would now turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Diego. Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us. With me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released its fourth quarter 2019 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss the results included in the press release and accompanied financial statements and then use the remaining time for Q&A.Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations.These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important safety information may be found in the press release, our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com.Finally, a quick reminder that when using terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures, otherwise theyre referring to GAAP measures. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are included in today's press release.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Mussallem for his comments. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Mark. 2019 was a year of major milestones and significant investments for Edwards. Groundbreaking PARTNER 3 clinical trial results demonstrated superiority of our SAPIEN 3 valve technology and led to U.S. regulatory approval for patients at low surgical risk. We also initiated our European introduction of PASCAL, an important early addition to our portfolio of transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies or TMTT, we extended our leadership position in surgical heart valves and implemented valuable additions to our smart monitoring technology and critical care with the growth of HemoSphere and the addition of CASMED.Most importantly, in 2019, even more patients benefited from Edwards life saving technologies than ever before. I'd like to touch on several full-year financial highlights before I get into the quarterly details. Underlying sales increased 15% in 2019 to $4.3 billion, including double-digit organic growth in each region. Excluding special items were able to achieve 19% growth in earnings per share, while increasing R&D by 21%.The significant increase in R&D investments this year helped fuel important breakthrough innovations to strengthen our longer-term outlook. As you heard at our investor conference last month, we are as convinced as ever about the tremendous opportunity to enhance patients lives through the treatment of life threatening conditions and bringing significant value to the healthcare system.Now turning to our quarterly results, we're pleased to report strong fourth quarter underlying sales growth of 19%, our sales growth this quarter was significantly higher than we expected, led by Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement or TAVR. Now let's take a closer look at TAVR. Full-year 2019 global sales of $2.7 billion increased 21% on an underlying basis over the prior-year significantly exceeding our original guidance of 11% to 15% growth. Stronger than expected 2019 growth was lifted by increased awareness of the benefits of TAVR therapy with SAPIEN 3 following the strong PARTNER 3 clinical results presented and published in the first quarter of the year. The U.S. National coverage determination released late in the second quarter also resulted in improved access for more patients suffering from severe aortic stenosis. In the fourth quarter, global TAVR sales were $7$63 million an increase of approximately 30% on an underlying basis, with impressive strength in the U.S.We estimated global TAVR procedure growth was comparable with our growth in the fourth quarter. Globally, average selling prices were stable and we maintained our disciplined pricing strategy. In the U.S. we estimate total TAVR procedures grew approximately 40% on a year-over-year basis and that Edwards growth was comparable. Stronger than expected growth in the fourth quarter continued to be driven by the step-up in TAVR treatments following the strong PARTNER 3 evidence that led to the recent FDA indication expansion for our SAPIEN 3 and SAPIEN 3 Ultra systems.Fourth quarter growth was broad based across more than 700 centers in the U.S. Outside the U.S. in the fourthquarter, we estimate total TAVR procedures grew in the high teens on a year-over-year basis, and Edwards growth was comparable. I'm particularly gratified to see the meaningful impact that our dedicated employees are having on helping so many patients around the world. In Europe, Edwards growth was in the mid-teens and we estimate our competitive position was stable.We continue to be encouraged by the strong adoption of TAVR especially in countries where therapy penetration is still low. Its also worth highlighting that in the fourth quarter, Edwards became the first company to receive CE Mark in Europe for the treatment of patients diagnosed with severe aortic stenosis, who are at low risk for open heart surgery. Lastly, the rollout of SAPIEN 3 Ultra is well underway in the U.S. and Europe. Early clinician feedback on the Ultra valve related to improve paravalvular leak performance has been outstanding.We feel this is a significant step forward, especially for low risk patients. In summary, based on our momentum in TAVR, we now expect our 2020 underlying sales growth to be around the top of the 12% to 15% range that we shared at our investor conference. As previously noted, while we expect this healthy trend to continue, we expect the growth rates will be lower as the year progresses, and we annualize the stepped up procedure growth following the PARTNER 3 presentation. We continue to believe this large global opportunity will exceed $7 billion by 2024, which implies a compounded annual growth rate in the low double-digit range.Turning to TMTT, we're on track to achieve all of the milestones discussed at our recent investor conference, including executing four pivotal studies. We continue to invest aggressively in our portfolio and you can expect to hear important updates at medical meetings this year. In addition, we're pleased to announce that the EVOQUE tricuspid replacement valve system has recently received FDA approval for an early feasibility study and a breakthrough device designation, a program intended to help patients receive more timely access to designated medical technologies.For year 2019, sales of $28 million came in below our original guidance of approximately $40 million as we continue to execute a disciplined introduction and premium pricing strategy of PASCAL which moderated European site activation. Fourth quarter revenue of $7 million was negatively impacted by the voluntary PASCAL field corrective action completed in the quarter. Importantly, were able to minimize disruption to physicians and patients in need. Despite the slowdown of our launch cadence, PASCAL acute clinical outcomes are excellent and physician feedback is positive. As we expand the rollout, we will remain focused on procedural success and differentiated patient outcomes.To further update our transcatheter mitral therapies, we continue to enroll patients in the Clasp IID pivotal trial study of mitral valve repair with PASCAL in degenerative mitral disease and are on track to complete enrollment by the end of the year. In addition, we're also enrolling our Clasp IIF pivotal trial for patients with functional mitral disease. In mitral replacement, we continue to gain experience with SAPIEN M3 and EVOQUE and anticipate enrollment in our M3 pivotal trial to begin in the second quarter. Early clinical evidence with both these low profile trans-delivered technologies has been encouraging.Turning to transcatheter tricuspid therapies, were committed to providing solutions for patients with poor prognosis and very few treatment options. We've initiated enrollment in our CLASP IITR pivotal trial to study PASCAL in patients with symptomatic severe tricuspid regurgitation. As mentioned, we made meaningful progress on our EVOQUE tricuspid replacement program. And in addition, we're continuing to gain experience with our Cardioband tricuspid system in select sites as we develop our next generation technology.In summary, we remain committed to all of the milestones outlined in our recent investor conference and continue to expect TMTT sales of $50 million to $70 million for 2020. Were optimistic that the global TMTT opportunity will grow to approximately $3 billion by 2024 and are passionate about bringing our portfolio solutions to these life threatening diseases.In surgical structural heart, full-year 2019 global sales of $842 million increased 1.5% on an underlying basis over the prior-year in line with our original guidance of 1% to 3%. Fourth quarter sales of $205 million declined 3% on an underlying basis, reflecting lower surgical aortic valve procedures in the U.S. as TAVR adoption stepped-up partially offset by our continued strong adoption of our premium high value technologies. Despite the fourth quarter headwinds, our innovative INSPIRIS valve continue to be a growth driver in the quarter as it has been throughout the year. We remain encouraged by the actions of our focused team has taken to advance leadership as the partner of choice for surgeons.Our surgical portfolio strategy also positions Edwards to generate sustained growth through innovation. We're pleased to confirm that late in the fourth quarter, we received European regulatory approval for our HARPOON beating heart mitral valve repair system and are in the process of beginning our commercial launch. HARPOON offers the potential for earlier treatment of degenerative mitral valve disease with faster recovery and more consistent outcomes for surgical patients. In summary in surgical structural heart, we continue to expect full-year 2020 underlying sales growth of 0% to 3%. We anticipate that surgical aortic valve procedure headwinds experience in the fourth quarter will continue into 2020 with a return to positive growth expected later in the year as we anniversary the 2019 step-up in TAVR growth.Even as TAVR adoption expands, we're excited about our ability to provide innovative surgical treatment options for more patients and to extend our global leadership in premium surgical structural heart technologies. In critical care, full-year 2019 global sales of $740 million increased 9% on an underlying basis over the prior-year, exceeding our original guidance of 5% to 7% growth. HemoSphere, our all-in-one monitoring platform grew faster than expected in 2019 following the global launch of that platform with our FloTrac sensor and our Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index software. Fourth quarter critical care sales of $199 million increased 8% on an underlying basis, driven by strong demand for HemoSphere and continued growth in smart recovery. Growth in the quarter was led by sales in the U.S.In line with our commitment to enhance our broad portfolio of sensors, we initiated the commercial launch of FORE-SIGHT, a cerebral oximetry technology on HemoSphere in the fourth quarter. As discussed at our recent investor conference, the integration of a full-range of technologies on HemoSphere creates a unique offering of enhanced recovery tools and predictive analytic capabilities to further strengthen our leadership in hemodynamic monitoring. In summary, we continue to expect 2020 underlying sales growth of 6% to 9% and we remain excited about our pipeline of innovative critical care products. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thank you, Mike. I am pleased to report that our strong finish to the year enabled us to broadly exceed our financial guidance for 2019. So today I'll provide a wrap-up of 2019, including detailed results from the fourth quarter as well as provide an update on guidance for the first quarter and full-year of 2020. For the full-year 2019, sales increased 15% on an underlying basis to $4.3 billion. Adjusted earnings per share grew 19% to $5.57 and we generated $1.1 billion of adjusted free cash flow. We were pleased to generate strong margins during 2019 while still investing aggressively for profitable future organic sales growth. With the repeal of the medical device excise tax at the end of 2019, well be able to continue our aggressive research and development investments, fund a growing field clinical organization to support patient care and strengthen our global supply chain.Sales in the fourth quarter grew 19% on an underlying basis and adjusted earnings per share grew 25% to $1.46 versus the prior-year. This reflects positive operating results partially offset by our decision to accelerate strategic spending in the fourth quarter to drive therapy awareness as well as one-time costs associated with migrating Cardioband production from Israel to Ireland. GAAP earnings per share was $1.32 which included a $41 million or $0.19 per share, non-cash impairment of Cardioband intangible assets that we referenced at last month's investor conference. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share for these and other items is included with today's release. Ill now cover the details of our results, and then discuss guidance for 2020.For the fourth quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 75.8% compared to 76.1% in the same period last year.This reduction was driven by spending and support of the new European medical device regulations and the migration from our Cardioband facility in Israel, partially offset by the benefit of a more profitable product mix. We continue to expect our 2020 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 77%. Our rate should be lifted primarily by an improved product mix offset by lower foreign exchange hedge gains and capacity investments. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were $347 million or 29.6% of sales compared to $288 million in the prior-year. This 21% increase reflects additions we have made in field clinical personnel to support TAVR cases in the U.S. and TMTT in Europe, as well as the previously mentioned accelerated actions related to disease awareness and therapy adoption.We continue to expect SG&A excluding special items to be between 28% and 29% of sales for the full-year 2020. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 19% to $194 million or 16.5% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs, including spending on clinical trials. For the full-year 2020, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 17% and 18% as we invest in developing new technologies, and generating evidence to expand indications for TAVR and TMTT.Turning to taxes, our reported tax rate this quarter was 11.2% or 12.3% excluding the impact of special items. Stock appreciation drove a 450 basis point benefit this quarter from the accounting for employee stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full-year rate in 2020 to be between 12% and 14%, including an estimated benefit of five percentage points from stock-based compensation accounting.Foreign exchange rates decreased fourth quarter sales growth by 40 basis points or $4 million compared to the prior-year. At current rates, we now expect an approximate $25 million negative impact, or about 0.5% to full-year 2020 sales compared to 2019. Foreign exchange rates positively impacted our fourth quarter gross profit margin by 30 basis points compared to the prior-year. Relative to our October guidance, FX rates positively impacted earnings per share by about a penny reflecting our effective currency hedging program. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was $328 million. We defined this as cash flow from operating activities of $399 million less capital spending of $71 million. For the full-year 2019, adjusted free cash flow was $1.1 billion, a 35% increase over 2018.Turning to our balance sheet, at the end of the year, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.5 billion. Total debt was $594 million. Average shares outstanding during the quarter remained relatively constant at $212.6 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2020 to be between $212 million and $214 million. Before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll finish with updated financial guidance for 2020. Momentum in TAVR sales has been stronger than we expected at the time of our investor conference. As a result, we now expect higher sales in 2020, which would result in higher underlying full-year growth rates, we now expect that TAVR underlying full-year sales growth rate to be around the top of our 12% to 15% range and for the total company full-year underlying sales growth rate around the top of our 10% to 12% range. We continue to expect sales growth rates to decline as the year progresses as a result of higher prior-year comparisons. For TAVR, were raising the bottom end of our range and now expect sales of $3.0 billion to $3.2 billion versus our previous range of $2.9 billion to $3.2 billion.We continue to expect surgical structural heart sales of $820 million to $860 million, critical care sales of $780 million to $820 million and TMTT sales of $50 million to $70 million. Were raising the bottom end of our guidance range and now expect sales for total Edwards of $4.6 billion to $5.0 billion versus our previous range of $4.5 billion to $5 billion. For full-year 2020, we now expect adjusted earnings per share of $6.15 to $6.40 versus our previous guidance of $6.05 to $6.30. For the first quarter of 2020, we project total sales to be between $1.15 and $1.2 billion, $1.15 billion and $1.2 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.49 to $1.59. And with that, I'll pass it back to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: So in conclusion, we're very proud of the significant progress we made in 2019 advancing new transformative therapies and delivering strong financial performance. We continue, we expect continued growth and progress in 2020. We're enthusiastic about the continued expansion of transcatheter based therapies for the many structural heart patients still in need, which positions us well for longer-term success. Edwards is fortunate to have a strong leadership position focused on serving patients who today have few treatment options for longer and better lives. We believe our patient focus innovation strategy can transform care and bring value to patients, healthcare systems, and shareholders. This year will mark the 20th anniversary of Edwards Lifesciences as a public company, and acknowledgement of this milestone, we will host our Annual Investor Conference at the New York Stock Exchange on December 10. We'll share more details on that event as we get closer. And with that, let me turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you, Mike. Were ready to take questions now. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call. Diego?
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America Merrill Lynch, please state your question.
Bob Hopkins: Thank you and good afternoon and congrats on a remarkable 2019. Mike if okay I'd like to start out with you, just sort of an obvious question here. Any more details you can provide on the U.S. TAVR upside that you experienced in Q4 kind of where it came from? Did you have a big pickup in the number of new centers and growth in those new centers. Just any further comments on the U.S. upside in TAVR would be great.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bob. I think it feels like it was a continuation of the momentum that we started to feel in the third quarter. It was broad across all segments. As we mentioned, there are more than 700 sites at this point. But we saw that growth, whether it was in new sites or some of our mature sites that are quite large centers. We think that it came across the risk spectrum and it wasn't just low risk patients coming into it, that indeed, it was patients of all risk profile. And even though there was clearly a switch from surgery to TAVR in a number of cases, we think the predominant effect was new patients coming off the sideline for treatment.
Bob Hopkins: Okay, interesting. And then I also want to ask one quick one on TMTT. Just wonder if you could give us an update onlitigation on PASCAL, just specifically Abbott has said that there could be a ruling on injunction in Germany for PASCAL in early March, as or any of you could just kind of confirm that that timeline and any other milestones in the first half of the year on litigation?
Mike Mussallem: Thanks. Well, as you know, Bob, this litigation is playing out in several countries over an extended period of time. So there's going to be a lot of stories. In fact, there was a recently completed trial in the U.K. and there's a decision that's pending on that, probably sometime in Q1. In Germany, there's going to be a couple of hearings, I think the first one to start at March, with results to follow. So and I think there's a possibility for U.S. hearing beyond that.
Bob Hopkins: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
David Lewis: Good afternoon, just two for me. First, Mike, just to you at the ex-U.S. growth rate. There was a difference between procedure growth and constant currency growth from the quarter of about five points. Was there any particular driver accounting for that? Was it Japan stocking maybe in the third quarter? And then a quick follow-up?
Mike Mussallem: Im not sure that I'm tracking with you on the difference in the numbers, David. So maybe you're seeing something that I'm not, but I can make some general comments anyway. Although we did see a little bit in Osaka, Japan in the third quarter, it was minor by comparison, and we say generally OUS that the procedure growth in the market and our growth was pretty comparable. And it's hard for us to be exact in predicting that but we think that they're pretty close to each other. And there really was an appreciable difference in ASP either.
David Lewis: Okay, that's really helpful. And then Mike, I guess the lot of investors are focused on as you're clearly seeing TAVR acceleration, probably slightly ahead of plan but your SAVR guidance is unchanged, could you just share with us how you think we're seeing this very significant acceleration momentum in the U.S. TAVR business, but yet we're not seeing the degradation in the SAVR business, I think many people would have expected. Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks David. Well, if you were asked the folks with the surgical business, they would say they're feeling what's going on right now. But again, we think that there's kind of a step-up in procedures in TAVR. And we think the bulk of that step-up is new patients coming off the sideline as opposed to switching from surgery, hard to quantify that, is it two-third, one-third, I don't know. But it's something that probably feels closer to that from our perspective. So although we're going to feel it or we're feeling it today in surgical, we feel like we rebound from that as we kind of anniversary the surgeon growth.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Raj Denhoy: Hi, good evening. I wonder if I can maybe stick a little bit more to the new centers? Is there any way you can maybe parse out what percentage of growth they might have added in a quarter such a strong quarter there's got to be some more detail you can provide for us?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Raj. Yes, I mean the new centers added, but it really was broad based. There's I couldn't say that they were a primary driver of growth. We saw it across the board. We saw it in our large centers that were some of the very first partner centers from beginning of TAVR all the way through every people that have started more recently and in between.
Raj Denhoy: Okay, maybe I could ask just one on mitral then, I noticed this quarter obviously was a little bit mixed up with the PASCAL issue had in Europe with this pricing discipline strategy you have in Europe, has there been any, anything where we can offer on that, you're seeing more receptivity amongst your customers to the premium price strategy of PASCAL as were moving into 2020?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, so we were very committed to this. We feel like we have differentiated technology. We have a high-touch model. And we're executing this price discipline. And we're going to continue to do that, we know that there's not a lot of data out there today but we think ultimately that will prove to be the case. We obviously have confidence in this strategy. For us, it's more important to build toward long-term leadership, we're committed and feel confident in the estimate that we gave you that will have $50 million to $70 million of TMTT sales in 2020. So hopefully, that's a reflection of how we feel.
Raj Denhoy: Okay, good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon, congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking the question. Mike, one big picture question for you and one TMTT question. So big picture Mike, youve delivered 10 plus years of double-digit growth. And you're on track to do it again in 2020. But I think investors want to understand the durability of your growth. So my question is, how important is it to deliver 10% growth each year? And just how are you feeling about the durability of growth right now at Edwards and I have one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Well, thanks, Larry. So two different things. One is we think it's going to continue and how important is it for Edwards. You know us pretty well by now, we are not a financially driven company that just is driven only to hit a number. We really feel like when we focus on great therapies for patients and we get that just right that the numbers end-up taking care of itself and it has played out on a long-term basis. Having said that, I have a lot of confidence in our future. When you start with our biggest product area of TAVR, that continues to be one that has a lot of growth associated with remember that we said more than $7 billion by 2024, which infers a double-digit growth rate. We believe that TMTT which is a brand new addition to our portfolio has an opportunity for overall market to be $3 billion by 2024. So when you think about us pursuing a $10 billion opportunity out in 2024, it makes me feel pretty good about our prospects ahead.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks, Mike. And how much did the ship hold impact TMTT sales in Q4 and is a mitral -- transcatheter mitral market in general developing as you expected or a little bit slower because of the MITRA-FR results? Thanks for taking the questions.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question. We started our sales in October, it was interrupted. We had basically stopped supply during November and we restarted in December. If we wouldn't have had that, we certainly would have had higher sales growth and maybe growing modestly off of Q3. Overall, we feel good about the market opportunity. As you probably know, there's been more growth in the U.S. than there has been outside the U.S. And so probably this MITRA-FR is having some kind of impact in Europe. But we hope that we'll be able to influence that as they get to see or they get to see results from the PASCAL system. And again, when we look forward at our own results, we expect to regain momentum in Q1 and start focusing on new site activation again.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kristen Stewart with Barclays. Please state your question.
Kristen Stewart: Hi, thanks so much for taking my question. I was just wondering if you could maybe explain a little bit just about whether or not we would expect any data that could be coming out at the ACC Conference coming up here, we would expect to see two-year data on the risk. Any PASCAL data that could be coming up here over the coming months and then I have a follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: I can't tell you for certain number, we expect there to be some data. So for example, in TMTT, we expect there to be an update on some of the early clasp studies. So both longer-term data and more patients added maybe some data on PASCAL tricuspid and Cardioband tricuspid. So there could be those, in terms of whether we'll see two-year data on PARTNER 3, it's too early to say I don't know that there's anything official yet. So we really can't say anything until it's clear.
Kristen Stewart: Okay, and then just with respect to the safety and M3 study, I know that you had commented at the Analyst Day that you did get FDA approval in breakthrough I believe designation for that. Do you have any clarity on the trial design of that yet and any timelines that we should expect for enrollment? I know that's pretty critical. It sounds like towards you starting to achieve the timelines for getting to that $3 billion market opportunity along with PASCAL as well.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Kris. You know what, there may be some confusion there. I don't believe we ever indicated breakthrough pathway for SAPIEN M3, what we said is that we expect to be going to clinical trial, what I just updated is that indeed is proceeding we expect to have our first patients in Q2. But bigger picture here we're very excited about having two pretty impressive transseptal replacement programs both that are transfemoral and small profile. Ultimately those that M3 trial will go up on clintrials.gov. But there's still some details being ironed out.
Kristen Stewart: Okay, thank you very much. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kristen Stewart with Barclays, sorry our next question comes from Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please state your question.
Jason Mills: Great. Thank you, Mike for taking the question. So, first big picture question in TAVR, years ago, when we were talking about developing the market model, I don't think we ever discussed 700 plus centers, maybe it was something less than that. So could you talk about how we've gotten sort of got from there to here, what's transpired in the market to promulgate 700 plus centers and where you think that could go now with the benefit of hindsight, it also may be within that discuss whether or not 700 to 750 centers is enough to generate the type of growth, compounded growth that you're projecting over the next couple of years or if you think that there needs to continue to be additions to the number of centers?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Jason. Well, I mean clearly we wouldn't be where we are today, if it wasn't for a greatly improved procedure, this procedure has really gotten to deliver incredible outcomes. And it's also demonstrated to be a teachable procedure, so that people that are starting new are able to stand on the shoulders of those that went before them and deliver really good results right from the beginning. And with that acknowledgement, we've had some favorable rulings and in terms of the interpretation by CMS, and with that came an updated NCD, which allows more centers to become qualified for it. If we were to look forward, we would say that maybe up to 850 have the ability to qualify as a TAVR center and again, we're not sure that all those 850 are going to go for it.So it depends on their own site. But bigger picture, you asked the question, can we get the kind of growth necessary with lets put for example, 850 centers in the U.S., we think absolutely yes. Centers a lot of what has to change is not just center capacity, but the behavior of patients and physicians and the system and patients actually with severe aortic stenosis getting treated. And there are a number of places where the system is less than ideal. We're trying to be an assist to that but we see it getting better on a regular basis.
Jason Mills: Thank you, Mike its very helpful and then more of a housekeeping item for Scott. Scott, when you come into the quarter and you see the press release and you see that kind of upside in TAVR relative to consensus estimates and guidance, you expected to generate positive leverage and one thing that you called out in the press release was the one-time spending associated with moving Cardioband. And perhaps there are other more one-time things in nature. But would you care to help us understand maybe what that and how that impacted, how those things impacted earnings quantitatively in the quarter? Congrats on a great quarter.
Scott Ullem: Sure. Thanks, Jason. So I guess you had two questions. One was leverage on increased sales. The second wasthe impact of moving Cardioband. On the first one, so we've increased the midpoint of our sales guidance range by $50 million. And we increased earnings per share, midpoint of the range by $0.10. So that gives you a sense of the leverage that we're putting through the P&L. We are planning to accelerate some investments with some of the expected incremental sales. Regarding your second question about gross profit, yes, we've taken some decisions in the fourth quarter involving our production operations, including migrating production from Israel for Cardioband product to other Edwards facilities, including our new facility in Ireland.And so you saw that show up in the fourth quarter results, which were a little bit lower than we expected. And it's reflected in 2020. But our guidance for 2020 for gross profit is unchanged at 76% to 77%.
Mark Wilterding: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan, please state your question.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks. And I'll add my congratulations on the great quarter as well. Scott, two financial questions for you. Maybe I'll just give them both upfront. I totally get the reasoning for investing in the business here on such a great quarter. But maybe just help us understand exactly where the investments went in fourth quarter, and how should we think about any potentialbenefit flowing through in 2020. And then second, you ended the year with about a $1.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet, you're generating north of a $1 billion in free cash flow. What's the updated plan for utilization of cash here? Thanks.
Scott Ullem: Sure, thanks. So first question regarding where we invested extra dollars. Relative to, I guess our expectations at the beginning of the quarter, about two-thirds of the incremental investment reflected in operating expenses. They included things like disease awareness and therapy adoption initiatives. Ill just give you one example, there was announcement by the American Heart Association, November regarding an initiative that they're undertaking that we're supporting. And then we've also been adding field resources to support significant growth. You don't grow 40% in the U.S., for example NCD growth that we are expecting in Europe without also putting in resources to help support the high-touch model that we have in place.So those probably two-thirds and then the other third is probably showed up in cost of sales. I mentioned those earlier the European medical device regulations and the migration of Cardioband production. Regarding our cash balance, our philosophy and our strategy for deploying capital is not changed. We've got a number of priorities. The first one is investing in our global supply chain to support the growth of Edwards. Second, investing externally in things like acquisitions, strategic alliances, purchasing options to buy other companies. And then third, managing the balance sheet. So we're going to continue to be a buyer of Edward stock over time and opportunistically will be executing share repurchases to help offset dilution and over time as well manage the share count down.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS. Please state your question.
Matt Taylor: Hi, thank you for taking the question. So I guess the first thing I wanted to ask about was the center growth and whether you have insight into how many centers could grow this year. And do you still think that we're going to get towards about a fifth year? Is it possible that there could be more given how quickly they seem to be growing here?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, well, thanks Matt. It's a little tough for us to tell how fast the centers are going to join, we saw pretty good growth in center. I think the last time we had reported on it, we said more than 650. So you can see where we are now. Yes, we look forward and try and interpret the NCD, our estimate is that about 850 centers would be qualified to do it, how many do those actually go for it and how fast they act is hard for us to know. If we're guessing we'd say we get to that kind of 850-ish number, maybe over the next year or two something like that. And so that gives you some insight, but we can't be certain.
Matt Taylor: And then I was hoping you could give us some more insight, or insight based on the trends in the U.S., the growth was so strong in Q4. It seems like you must be seeing the same kind of strong growth here in Q1. I think investors have some questions around how much of this is kind of a bolus versus sustained? And you seem to be suggesting with your comments that it's growing across the board, that it's more sustainable, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in Q1 and how it could be sustained?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Matt. Well, you know how difficult it is for us to predict quarters and we always hate to take one month and to do anything important with it. But we'll just say this, you can see what our revenue assumption is for TAVR for full-year 2020 and we think it is that the growth rate is likely to decrease during the course of the year as we anniversary the growth rates.And that assumption is that probably Q1 TAVR looks similar to Q4 in terms of revenue dollars. You'll have to remember there was a big step-up in Q4 versus Q3. And we saw a similar trend last year going from Q4 2018 to Q1 2019. So it's hard to know for certain, but maybe that's helpful.
Matt Taylor: Okay, thanks, congrats.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys, congrats on a really solid print here. Mike, maybe on that last comment on the back half revenue growth in TAVR. The underlying of, I guess the high-end of 15% is the implication that we sustain hold the line on double-digits in the back half or maybe how should we think about the back half?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question, Vijay. It's difficult for us to know. Do we stay at double-digits? Do we dip below it, either of those are certainly possibilities. The growth is so strong. I mean, the good news is there going to be more TAVRs done in the second half of 2020 than ever done in history. And so in terms of procedures per day, those are going to be records. Now how much growth is there over this year? It's not clear, but we've given you the probably the best guidance we can in terms of annual growth rates.
Vijay Kumar: Got you and then in yes one on the gross margins here Scott, did the recall impact you guys on the gross margins for Q1 excuse me Q4, how should we think about gross margin net progression throughout the year? Thank you.
Scott Ullem: So it's a little bit difficult to predict gross margin progression throughout the year because a lot of it ends up getting tied to our TAVR performance. But maybe I can help the least with the baseline on Q4 and explain what happened Q4 2019 versus Q4 2018, where we had about 30 basis points of higher FX and hedge gains in the fourth quarter of 2019, we did in 2018, we had about 40 basis points of mixed benefit that showed up in the fourth quarter offset by those higher operating costs that we mentioned earlier in Israel and with European MDR. So if you look up to 2020, we're expecting to continue to get mixed benefit that shows up on gross margin, it can be 50 to 100 basis points or even more. But generally, I think it's probably relatively flat during the course of the year, at least for modeling purposes. That's the right assumption at this point.
Vijay Kumar: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Suraj Kalia with Oppenheimer & Company. Please state your question.
Suraj Kalia: Good afternoon everyone. Mike, congrats in an excellent quarter. So Mike, the question about capacity and your growth assumptions in TAVR had been asked. Let me see if I can come at it from a different way. Our math is suggesting roughly 140 to 150 cases per year per center in the U.S. Can you give us a perspective of what percent of the cases being done currently in these seven centers are independent in nature? And how do you look upon capacity utilization within these centers?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, good question. We don't look at it that way in terms of average number for a center, as you might imagine, there is a great difference Suraj between the amount of procedures done in a very large center and one thats small. So those are different. The thing that has been remarkable to us is the ability to have centers to add capacity. They have found a way to manage, they add more cases per day, sometimes they add on a day. Actually, it's been quite a test for our team and I'm so proud of our team has found the ability, you know we have a high-touch service model.So we're in every one of these cases, so as they grow for us to have the ability for example to flex in the U.S. and cover 40% growth versus the prior-year was a heavy lift for us. But what happens is more patients show up the line, the list gets to be pretty long then hospitals react to that by adding capacity and so far we've been impressed about their ability to do that.
Suraj Kalia: Got it. And finally Mike, forgive me I'm drawing a blank here. Did you mention the M3 competitor arm, thank you for taking my question and congrats sort of great quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, no we didn't mention the M3 competitor arm, so that that trial design is still one that has not been finalized. And we just decided it's prudent for us not to communicate it till it's really final. So at some point that will be published at clintrials.gov and you'll see it. So we'll let you know.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Wise with Stifel. Please state your question.
Rick Wise: Hi, Mike, hi Scott. China hasn't come up, I think your exposure there is small, and maybe if I recall correctly, mostly SAVR and critical care. But can you remind us the impact and what you're assuming or how you're thinking about the situation? And what's reflected in guidance?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Rick. Yes, first of all, obviously our key concern is always for our employees and patients. We feel we've been fortunate so far, we haven't had any impact to employees inside Edwards that we're aware of and we've been able to maintain our supply line. So at this point, you're right, China's not really huge for us. It's still just a small percentage of Edwards sales, but we don't expect there to be a significant change at this point from what's going on with the coronavirus but we stay watchful.
Rick Wise: Okay. And just as a follow-up, it's a strange question maybe but you probably saw that Abbotts 10 dime mitral device got approved for replacement in Europe today. My question is not about that as much as, is this an important moment for the field does this, how does this make you feel about the openness of European regulators to consider the mitral waves coming at them? Does it say anything that we can extrapolate that that makes you feel better, worse, the same? Thank you so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks Rick. Well, you know were big believers and the opportunity for transcatheter mitral therapies. And so whenever there's movement and a new regulatory approval for the whole field, that's the positive. So we're glad to see that, you know about our portfolio. We're very focused on it. We're just pleased, we think what's going to be most meaningful is when we have these smaller transfemoral type systems, we think those are the things that really cause a change in behavior of patients and physicians and so we keep our eye on that, but any kind of favorable movement is good. And I think there is a general openness to innovations within the mitral, within mitral disease.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink. Please state your question.
Danielle Antalffy: Hi, good afternoon everyone. Thanks so much for taking the question. Congrats on a really strong year and strong quarter. Mike, I was hoping you could comment on the competitive landscape specifically in the U.S., what you're seeing out there. It sounds like your competitor had called out share loss, it seems like you guys are holding on to share, not losing share. So what are you seeing and specifically I'd be curious on what you're seeing as the new centers open up and how they're adopting valve today just going with one player. And so they're a little bit more protected from loss. Just curious about how that's playing out. Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. Well, so Danielle, as we indicated, we believe that our growth was comparable to the growth that was going on in overall procedures whether that was in the U.S. or OUS, so from our point of view, not a no real change of significance in our share position in the last quarter. Now there may have been changes in share position with between our competitors, but we really don't have clear visibility to it. When we gave our guidance in December, we indicated there will probably be some modest share loss in 2020. So that's, you have to play out. We didn't, we also expected that to happen in 2019. It didn't really.And so it may have been just delays on the part of our competitors, but we know they're still early in their launch process.
Danielle Antalffy: And safe just a quick follow-up, safe to say in Europe, it feels like things have stabilized there, it sounds like that's what you're seeing too from a share perspective?
Mike Mussallem: Were seeing big share shifts, we obviously watch it very carefully. And that's not such a fast moving market that we don't feel like we have a reasonable handle on it. So yes, it does feel reasonably stable at this point.
Danielle Antalffy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Pito Chickering: Good afternoon guys, thanks for taking my questions. First question is just dig little more into the new centers. Is your market share in those centers similar to your market share or the more established centers?
Mike Mussallem: That a good question. I'm not sure that I really have data at my fingerprint, at my fingertips on that one. My sense is that varies significantly. There are some centers that probably start up that are primarily Edwards. And there are others that may start up with others. We just say when we look at our overall growth in the U.S. the 40%, there was a nice addition from those new centers. But again, it was just we saw kind of across the board.
Pito Chickering: Great. Then on the SG&A side, I understand that hiring field personnel in the U.S. for TAVR and TMTT in Europe makes sense relative to the growth there. But can you help us break out the marketing costs you incurred in the fourth quarter and other costs recurring at similar levels in 2020, or should they decrease? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. So I can begin here and let Scott to give out what our 2020 guidance looks like in SG&A. I mean, we try and stay one-step ahead of what we see as procedure growth, we add resources that we think would commensurate and when we have fast growing businesses like TAVR and what we anticipate in TMTT, we try and stay a little bit ahead of that. Having said that, we still think that there's probably some leverage on the SG&A line, we maintain a high level as you properly noticed of case coverage, and we're in every case. But having said that, maybe Scott, you're best to comment what our guidance is for SG&A for 2020.
Scott Ullem: I guess I'd say 28% to 29% for 2020. But in addition to the field, clinical support and selling resources that are around the field, we're also doing work around patient education regarding the severity of aortic stenosis and treatment options, the benefits of TAVR and we're doing outreach to referring physicians on therapy options available today. And so, there are other activities and expenses associated with those activities beyond just the field resources we talked about earlier.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Matt Miksic: Hey, thanks for taking a question here and congrats on a really outstanding quarter and year. The question I had was maybe just follow-up on something you talked a little bit about on your Analyst Day meeting or Investor Day. And you've touched on here, I think in terms of investments to kind of support identifying patients and so on. And Mike, you talked a while back about tracking patients to the system. It sounds like maybe part of the investments you've made around cardio care or helping to do that. I think if I understand them correctly, it may be if you could just talk about, how that's going, how widely you you've rolled that out and to what degree you're employing, are there other types of technology to help you kind of support this growth and identify these patients?
Mike Mussallem: Yes thanks, Matt. And you know what Scott started going down this path. There's three broad, or a few broad categories here. One is educating patients themselves, other is trying to help the referral pathway, be better educated, that continues to be a priority for us. We also have a team that helps systems and have better echo findings and make sure that their referral pathways actually work. We have a benchmark program that allows centers to operate at maximum efficiency. So it's pretty broad base as Scott mentioned, we've got a new initiative with the American Heart Association. Its broad based, I'd rather be trying detail here, you should know that that is an area of new investment.
Matt Miksic: That's great. That's great. And then just one follow-up if I could on the -- moving into early feasibility study for EVOQUE, if you could maybe just give us a sense of what should we expect in terms of an early enrollment at some of these mitral programs? It takes a little while and what should we think about in terms of maybe getting that enrolled and maybe getting to a point where we'll be seeing some data from that program?
Mike Mussallem: Enrollment cadence looks like, we're excited about the technology. But we're not in a position yet where we're going to disclose timelines or predict how these early stage early feasibility studies and ultimately pivotal trials are going to enroll.
Matt Miksic: Fair enough. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have exhausted our allotted time for questions. I'll now turn the call back to management for closing remarks. Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for your continued interest in Edwards and Scott, Mark and I welcome any additional questions.
Operator: Thank you. To access a replay of this call, please dial 877-660-6853 or local access 201-612-7415, once again to access a replay, dial 877-660-6853 or local access 201-612-7415. Please use the conference ID 13697863. Once again, conference ID 13697863. This concludes todays conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Third Quarter 2019 Results Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mark Wilterding, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Diego and thank you all for joining us. With me on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released its third quarter 2019 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss the results included in the press release and accompanied financial statements and then use the remaining time for Q&A.Please note that management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations.These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release, our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com.Finally, a quick reminder that when using terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures, otherwise they are referring to GAAP results. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call are included in today's press release.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thanks Mark. We're very pleased to report strong third quarter results, which reflected a large increase in the number of patients who were treated with transcatheter heart valve therapy.Our sales growth this quarter was significantly higher than we expected. Sales grew in the double digits in all regions globally and increased 19% on an underlying basis to $1.1 billion led by transcatheter aortic valve replacement.We're also pleased to report growing investments in new therapies and clear progress in numerous clinical trials that we believe will have meaningful future impact. More importantly, even more patients are benefiting from our lifesaving technologies than ever before.In TAVR, third quarter global sales were $700 million, up 27% on an underlying basis. Growth was led by continued strong therapy adoption across all geographies with notable strength in the U.S. We estimate global TAVR procedure growth was comparable with our growth in the mid-20% range. Globally our average selling price remains stable as we continue to exercise pricing discipline.In the U.S., we estimated total TAVR procedures grew around 30% on a year-over-year basis and that Edwards' growth was comparable. Stronger than expected growth was driven by an unexpected bolus of TAVR treatments following the strong PARTNER 3 evidence that led to the recent FDA indication expansion for our SAPIEN 3 and SAPIEN 3 Ultra systems. This approval represents a significant milestone, which allows all patients diagnosed with severe AS to be considered for TAVR based on their individual needs and anatomical considerations versus traditional risk warning.Growth this quarter was broad-based across the U.S. Outside the U.S. in the third quarter we estimated total TAVR procedures grew just over 20% on a year-over-year basis and Edwards' growth was comparable. We continue to be encouraged by the strong international adoption of TAVR particularly where overall therapy penetration is still very low.In Europe, Edwards' growth was in the teens and we estimate that our competitive position was stable. Although transcatheter valves have been commercially available for over a decade in Europe, it's encouraging to note that demand remains strong.Outside the U.S. and Europe, we continue to see strong TAVR adoption driven by SAPIEN 3. Sales growth in Japan and other regions was very strong as aortic stenosis remains an immensely undertreated disease, and we remain focused on increasing the availability of TAVR therapy.As we've discussed, we remain pleased with the SAPIEN 3 Ultra valve's performance and clinician feedback continues to be very positive. The valve offers the modified outer skirt which includes a proprietary material designed to further reduce paravalvular leaks.We decided to accelerate the previously announced migration to the proven SAPIEN 3 delivery system, and at the same time are finalizing improvements of our Ulta delivery system.The updated rollout plan is expected to ramp over the next several quarters. As such, we now believe that SAPIEN 3 Ultra will account for most of our TAVR sales in U.S. and Europe in 2020. This updated plan contributed to a charge to this quarter. I'm pleased to provide an update to our early TAVR clinical trial, which is now approximately half enrolled.Recall that this is a large first-of-a-kind trial focused on indication expansion for patients suffering from severe AS, who haven't yet reported symptoms. Enrollment continues at nearly 65 sites throughout the U.S. and we now anticipate completion in 2021 versus our initial expectation of 2020. We continue to believe that Early TAVR has the potential to change the way that clinicians approach and manage AS patients to prevent irreversible damage.Finally, as you heard at last month's TCT, clinical trial results were presented demonstrating early and sustained quality-of-life advantages for severe AS patients at low surgical risk treated with SAPIEN 3. Taken together with the clinical superiority demonstrated in the PARTNER 3 trial these quality-of-life findings further support the use of TAVR in these patients.In summary, given the strength of our year-to-date performance, we're raising our full year TAVR guidance. We now expect underlying growth of nearly 20% versus our previous expectation of around 15%.In addition, while still early in the 2020 forecasting process and difficult to predict, we are modeling a return to low-double-digit growth TAVR procedures globally next year. This is consistent with our estimate of a $7 billion opportunity in 2024.Based on the trend of our 2019 results, it's likely that in 2020 we will report slower second half growth given the higher year-over-year comparisons. We are encouraged that the TAVR opportunity remains robust and believe that our continuing innovations will sustain our strong global position.In transcatheter mitral tricuspid therapies or TMTT, we made important progress in the third quarter in advancing our portfolio of technologies to bring meaningful solutions to underserved mitral and tricuspid patients with few options today.In the third quarter, global revenue was $10 million. The bulk of this was commercial sales of PASCAL in Europe. We are pleased with the disciplined rollout of PASCAL focusing on physician training, procedural success and patient outcomes. While we continue to receive positive physician feedback on this differentiated therapy, our premium-price strategy was a contributor to the slightly lower than expected revenue.And now I'll give you a brief recap of select developments. In mitral valve repair, we continue to enroll our CLASP IID U.S. pivotal trial to study PASCAL in primary or degenerative mitral valve disease.We have also initiated enrollment on our CLASP IIF pivotal trial for patients with secondary or functional mitral valve disease. In line with our commitment to build a strong body of clinical evidence, we recently presented positive one-year results in 30 patients from our European CLASP study at TCT.We were especially encouraged by the low rate of cardiovascular mortality and heart failure hospitalization as well as an impressive substantial and sustained reduction in mitral regurgitation. Patients also experienced clinically and statistically significant improvements in functional status, exercise capability and quality of life.In mitral valve replacement, we're pleased with the ongoing early feasibility study experience with both EVOQUE and SAPIEN M3 transseptal therapies and we remain on track to initiate a U.S. pivotal trial of SAPIEN M3 before the end of the year. Data highlighting the latest clinical experience with these platforms were presented at TCT demonstrating feasibility, an acceptable safety profile and a significant MR reduction with both therapies.Turning to transcatheter tricuspid repair, in the second quarter we made the decision to accelerate a PASCAL tricuspid pivotal trial by the end of this year. We were pleased that in September, we received FDA approval for our Class II TR pivotal trial to study PASCAL in patients with symptomatic severe tricuspid regurgitation. We plan to start activating sites by the end of the year.At TCT, we highlighted the latest data from our Cardioband tricuspid early feasibility study demonstrating acceptable safety and performance with significant TR reduction at 30 days.In summary for full year 2019 Edwards now expects TMTT revenue to be below $40 million as the company continues a disciplined introduction and premium pricing strategy which is moderating site activation.In addition, while still early in the 2020 forecasting process, our plan anticipates doubling 2019 TMTT sales in 2020. We remain on-track to achieve our ambitious 2019 clinical milestones which include continued enrollment in our CLASP pivotal trials as well as initiating the SAPIEN 3 pivotal trial -- the SAPIEN M3 pivotal trial by the end of the year.We continue to estimate the global TMTT opportunity to reach approximately $3 billion by 2024 and our passion about bringing a portfolio of solutions for patients in need.In Surgical Structural Heart, sales for the third quarter of $204 million increased 3% on an underlying basis. Our growth was driven by continued adoption of our premium high-value technologies and strength outside the U.S. This was partially offset by lower surgical aortic valve procedures in the U.S. as TAVR adoption expanded.We remain very encouraged with the steady adoption of INSPIRIS RESILIA tissue valves. In the third quarter, valve utilization grew in all regions driven by increased demand among younger and more active patients. INSPIRIS is becoming the surgical valve standard of care in many geographies around the world.Separately we continue to expect European regulatory approval for our HARPOON beating heart mitral valve repair system around the end of the year. HARPOON offers the potential for earlier treatment of degenerative mitral valve disease and faster recovery at more consistent outcomes for surgical patients.In summary although the superiority results of PARTNER 3 in the recent indication expansion for TAVR are expected to provide an incremental headwind to our aortic surgical sales, we continue to expect full year underlying sales growth of 1% to 3% based on our year-to-date results.We remain excited about our ability to provide innovative surgical treatment options for more patients and to extend our global leadership in premium Surgical Structural Heart technologies.In Critical Care sales for the quarter were $180 million and grew 7% on an underlying basis. Our product lines and geographies contributed to this performance with strong growth boosted by HemoSphere, our all-in-one monitoring platform.We received FDA clearance in the third quarter to use FORE-SIGHT a cerebral oximetry technology from the CASMED acquisition on HemoSphere. The integration of our full range of technologies at HemoSphere will create a unique offering of enhanced recovery tools and predictive analytics capabilities to further strengthen our leadership in smart monitoring.In summary, given the sustained growth through the first three quarters of the year and the expected momentum from the fully integrated HemoSphere platform in the fourth quarter, we continue to expect full year 2019 underlying sales growth of 8% to 10%.And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thank you, Mike. We continued our impressive top line performance this quarter with underlying sales growth of 19% reflecting global strength across all regions. Particularly strong was our 27% underlying growth in TAVR, which benefited from the recent clinical evidence supporting our SAPIEN 3 therapy.Growth in the quarter was aided by onetime items contributing approximately 200 basis points to growth, largely related to the increased number of billing days versus prior year and forward buying ahead of the consumption tax change in Japan.Our adjusted earnings per share in the third quarter of $1.41 grew 32% over the prior year driven by our notable sales performance. We achieved this growth while maintaining our significant investments in research and development, primarily on our transcatheter structural heart programs.During the third quarter, we recorded an additional $27 million charge primarily inventory related to the last quarter's strategic decisions regarding our transcatheter aortic valve portfolio. This charge combined with other normal recurring adjustments reduced our third quarter GAAP earnings per share to $1.30.Including the second quarter charge, the 2019 impact of the discontinuation of CENTERA and revised Ultra rollout plan is $73 million. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release.I'll now cover the details of our third quarter results and then discuss guidance for 2019. For the quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 75.9% compared to 75.5% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven primarily by the favorable impacts from foreign exchange and product mix, partially offset by spending in support of the new European device regulations and manufacturing variances. We expect our full year 2019 adjusted gross profit margin to be consistent with our year-to-date rate.Selling, general and administrative expenses in the third quarter were $306 million or 28% of sales. This 14% increase over the prior year was driven by transcatheter structural heart field personnel-related expenses including expanding the transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapy field organization in Europe. We continue to expect SG&A excluding special items to be between 28% and 29% of sales for the full year 2019.Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 21% over the prior year to $195 million or 17.9% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of significant investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs including generating clinical evidence. For the full year 2019, we continue to expect R&D excluding special items to be between 17% and 18% of sales.Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate was 8.9% for the quarter or 10.8% excluding the impact of special items. Stock appreciation this year drove a 580 basis point benefit or $0.09 from the accounting for employee stock-based compensation. Our tax rate also benefited from recently passed tax reform in Switzerland. We now expect our full year 2019 tax rate excluding special items to be at the bottom of our previous guidance range of 12% to 14%, which reflects the increased benefit of the accounting for employee stock-based compensation.Foreign exchange rates decreased third quarter sales growth versus the prior year by less than 1% or $6 million versus the prior year. At current rates, we continue to estimate an approximate $60 million negative impact or about 1.5% to full year 2019 sales compared to the prior year. FX rates positively impacted our third quarter gross profit margin by 130 basis points versus the prior year. Relative to our July guidance, FX rates had less than $0.01 impact on earnings per share reflecting our effective currency hedging program.Adjusted free cash flow for the third quarter was $319 million defined as cash flow from operating activities of $437 million less capital spending of $76 million and excluding a $42 million tax benefit related to our previously announced global intellectual property litigation settlement. Our year-to-date, adjusted free cash flow which excludes the litigation settlement and related tax benefit was $735 million.We now expect full year 2019 adjusted free cash flow to be above the top end of our previous $800 million to $900 million guidance range. We remain on track in implementing capital expansion projects, in line with our strategy to increase global capacity.Turning to our balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we have cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of $1.4 billion. Total debt was $594 million. Average shares outstanding during the quarter remained level with the prior quarter at 212 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2019 to be between 211 million and 213 million.And now finishing up with our 2019 guidance. Given our strong year-to-date performance, we are increasing our sales guidance ranges for Edwards and for TAVR. For total Edwards, we now expect sales around the top of our previous $4.0 billion to $4.3 billion range. And for TAVR, we now expect sales around the top of our previous $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion range with underlying sales growth of nearly 20%.For TMTT, we now expect sales to be below $40 million. We continue to expect Surgical Structural Heart sales of $810 million to $850 million; and Critical Care sales including CASMED around the top end of our $700 million to $750 million range.We are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $5.50 to $5.65, up from our previous guidance of $5.20 to $5.40. For the fourth quarter of 2019, at current foreign exchange rates, we project total sales to be between $1.12 billion and $1.16 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.40 to $1.55.And with that I'll pass it back to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks Scott. We're very pleased with our strong year-to-date performance. As patients and clinicians increasingly choose TAVR, we remain optimistic about our long-term growth opportunity. We are committed to aggressively investing in our future, consistent with our focused innovation strategy. We remain confident that the innovative therapies resulting from our investments will benefit a broader group of patients suffering from structural heart disease and continue to drive strong organic growth.And with that I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks Mike. Before we open it up for questions, I would like to remind you about our 2019 Investor Conference on Thursday, December 5th in New York City. This event will include updates on our latest technologies, news on longer-term market potential, as well as our outlook for 2020. More information and a registration form are available on our website. We're ready to take questions now.In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one, plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and management will answer as many participants as possible during the remainder of the call.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Bob Hopkins: Great. Thanks and good afternoon. First off just congratulations on such a nice third quarter. Mike I just wanted to make sure that I'm hearing the messaging right on your kind of new views on the TAVR market -- or updated views I should say.I guess the message I'm hearing is that despite obviously a very, very strong performance in Q3, you're not really changing your views on the ultimate size of the market or the time that it will take to get there.I guess my first impression of that related to strength is that that seems increasingly like a conservative estimate and timeframe unless I'm missing something else that's new. I'm just wondering if you could comment on that.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks Bob. Well, you know we've always felt the TAVR opportunity was large and growing and we know that the superiority results are helpful. We caution reading too much into one quarter's result. We continue to think that we'll know more about it over time, but right now, we would encourage you to think about this broad growth rate that we've talked about over time.We struggled some time to estimate quarters accurately. We -- if you go back to our guidance in December, we thought that the TAVR opportunity would grow from $3.5 billion in 2018 to $7 billion in 2024. We still think that that's a reasonable trajectory. We'll take a hard look at it, and if we have an update we'll share that certainly in the future.
Bob Hopkins: Great. That's fair enough. And then just one quick follow-up for Scott, you offered a few things about 2020 that we should consider. Just curious, if there's any other things that you think we should consider for 2020 modeling purposes? And I know you have like for example, one thing that I think people are curious about is just you have a lot of trials going on great revenue growth. Is 2020 a year where you still think you can  you'll deliver leveraged earnings growth? Thank you.
Scott Ullem: Well, that's certainly our objective. We try to inch up operating profit margins every year. And we're not perfectly consistent at it, but that's certainly the objective over the long term. I think the other things to think about in 2020 are we are going to continue to invest aggressively in research and development. And every time we think we've gotten it right we end up with programs coming online and other programs rolling off. But I think you're going to see us continuing to address it at relatively high levels of R&D. Don't expect it to go back down to 14% or 15% where we were a few years ago.The last thing, I'd say is just on gross profit I think we're going to see downward pressure on our gross profit margin, because we've got the benefit of some of these FX  currency hedges rolling through FX this year. And so we're not ready to quantify that yet, but I expect our gross profit guidance probably will not be as robust next year as it was this year.
Bob Hopkins: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
David Lewis: Great. Good afternoon. Just two quick ones for me. Mike, I thought I'd just start with PASCAL here. Just, if you could parse out sort of the PASCAL launch dynamics. Like initially, it was a disciplined launch focused on outcomes. This quarter you raised your premium pricing strategy. So, what's the bigger rate limiter? Is it more this disciplined launch or is it more your pricing strategy? And then what changes in 2020 to give the comfort that this business can double? And I have a quick follow-up for Scott.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks David. So know that this launch plan has always been there. That's what we called for. We go through very careful site selection position training patient screening and case support so that's not really different. But we are executing a premium price strategy, because of the differentiated technology that we have and also this high-touch clinical support. That premium price strategy is moderating our site activation plan. So that's what's changed it. Was there a second part to the question David?
David Lewis: What changes Mike in the next year? I mean, this business is going to double as you suggested. Do you change your strategy next year or do you think the this strategy you're employing in 2019 can get you to doubling this business next year?
Mike Mussallem: It  we do believe it's a strategy. It will be an increase in the number of sites. They are limited today and we'll be adding sites in a disciplined fashion. We've gotten great feedback from clinicians and so that will be the primary driver.
David Lewis: Okay. Very helpful. And then Scott you talked about gross margins for next year and I appreciate the update. When you just think about this particular quarter obviously given the strength in TAVR gross margins probably weren't as strong as we were expecting so you mentioned manufacturing variances. But can you just help us quantify any impact from Ultra CENTERA or FX on gross margins this particular quarter? Thanks. Thanks so much.
Scott Ullem: Sure. Let me take you through some of the different moving pieces that hit gross margin. We had the benefit of these hedged contracts, I've mentioned before. That was probably about 130 basis point contributor to the 75.9% non-GAAP gross margin. It was offset by these manufacturing costs. And I think one of the good examples of what's flowing through there is these new European EU device regulations that end-up costing us money. There were some inefficiencies associated with moving delivery system production around in connection with this Ultra delivery system strategy we've talked about. So that did run through manufacturing cost and was contributor to some of the negative variances. We also had some benefit of mix. And you roll that all up together again and that's how we gone up 40 basis points versus 2018 third quarter.
David Lewis: Is it possible Scott that the impact of CENTERA and Ultra was more than 100 basis points this quarter?
Scott Ullem: Well, I think there are two pieces  were called out. One was a special charge, right? But in terms of the gross margin impact, no I don't think it's more than 100 basis points this quarter. I think it would be less than that.
David Lewis: Okay. Thanks so much.
Mark Wilterding: Next question, Diego.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. And congrats on a really strong quarter here. Mike, I wanted to start with the 2020 outlook for TAVR procedure growth in the low double-digits that you talked about in the press release and in your prepared remarks. I mean you're calling for about 20%, this year you've grown in line with the market. You just got the low-risk approval in late August. So why do you think the market will slow so much next year? And I had one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yes I'm not so sure. We struggle with this Larry, because it's tough for us to call these quarters. I'm not sure it's about slowing next year. I think we saw a bolus this year. So we believe that most of what we saw last quarter and this quarter was the result of those spectacular results in PARTNER 3 which ultimately led to an FDA approval.And we think that that stimulated patients, educated physicians, it increased awareness and that combination started patients moving through the system. They don't move through the system so fast but we think it was a real stimulus to the system. So if you will we might have even pulled a little bit of that forward. So that's the way that we end up thinking about we're still going to have half the usage next year. The growth rates are going to look lower in comparison to the second half of 2019.
Larry Biegelsen: That's helpful. And then Mike your surgical heart valve business, I heard your comments in your prepared remarks, but I'm curious about 2020 and beyond. We've heard anecdotes that TAVR procedures could be down 20% to 30% next year in the U.S. given the strength of the low-risk data and indication. How confident are you feeling you could still kind of state -- keep that business growing or even flat looking ahead? Thanks for taking the questions guys.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Larry. One of the factors although not as big as new patients coming off the sidelines were patients that might have been treated with surgery or treated with TAVR even now in the third quarter. So when you think of a big TAVR growth rate and that we've withstood that and grew 3% in the third quarter, it bolsters our confidence about the future. Is it going to be challenging?Do we think TAVR is going to continue to have an impact on surgeries? Of course, it will. But I'm not sure that that's going to get much worse in the future. We think there's probably been kind of a step-change here with the PARTNER 3 data and that over time that probably moderates as well.
Larry Biegelsen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys congrats on a really nice quarter here. But back on the TAVR 2020 question. I want to approach it from a slightly different angle. Given the headline numbers on PARTNER 3 data, they came in much better. Shouldn't we be expecting maybe Edwards to do better than the market? I mean the overall market could be low doubles but shouldn't the better clinical data reflect in numbers?
Scott Ullem: Of course, we're proud of our data. Nobody is more proud. And we do everything we can to have that message out there but you have to also recognize that in the single biggest market in the world, the U.S. we've got new competitors that are coming in. And at this point I don't think we've really felt that in a large way. So whether it's trialing or an actual adoption we think that will have some impact. And so we stay kind of balanced on if we can grow like the market that's really not so bad.
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Mike. And then one on mitral. So the M3 trial, which was slated the start of year-end is that -- do you have clarity on what the trial design is what the comparator arm is? Will this be a key F approach or -- I'm just curious on any additional details.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Vijay. We don't have anything to share at this point. We're in discussions on that. And for competitive reasons while it's still early and it's not clear we don't share exact trial design. So at this point we really don't have anything new to add in that regard. Once it's clear of course it will get posted on clinicaltrials.gov and then we'll make it clear to everyone.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks and congrats on a nice quarter. I appreciate the volume commentary to let us back into Japan growth. It's starting to become a more material contributor here. Wondering if you could help us with the financial impact from the stocking ahead of the tax starting? And also maybe just some color on the market and what you're seeing there?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So in Japan there was a consumption tax that was put in place, I want to say around the 30th of September. And we heard reports that some Japan customers did some TAVR stocking. We think it's just less than $2 million worth of stocking that took place there. So that gives you a rough idea of that if that's your question.
Robbie Marcus: Yeah. No, that's helpful. And now with the new NCD in place, how are you thinking about the -- not just the expansion of TAVR centers, but the shifting in volumes of TAVR centers? Do you expect these  well, a, how many of new centers are you expecting and over what time frame? And b, are you expecting them to be incremental volumes to the system? Or do you expect them to cannibalize from the existing volumes out there? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So we were pleased with the way that the NCD turned out. And I think our estimate at that time is that it would add approximately 200 new sites. These would be sites that could achieve the eligibility.Now I don't know whether all of those will do that in the near term except for some. It might take some time. I think by and large we believe, yes. Will it take from of some other centers, yes, probably to a small extent. We believe that there's still a greatly underserved market and that it is somewhat additive to the total as those new centers come on.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks a lot.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Taylor with UBS. Please state your question. Matt Taylor, your line is open.
Matt Taylor: Sorry about that. Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow-up on the TMTT comments on next year. Could you talk about just in broad strokes, how much of that you expect to be from PASCAL? And how are you thinking about your annular devices? And also if you could give maybe an update on replacement that would be helpful?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So, yes, just to go in the opposite order here. The bulk of this is likely to come from PASCAL. We'll try and paint a more complete picture. The replacement devices will be in clinical trial, so that won't have a big impact on the number. And right now our Cardioband product is still relatively small. We're gaining experience. We get a lot of positive feedback there, but by comparison, it's going to be more PASCAL.
Matt Taylor: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please state your question.
Jason Mills: Great. Thanks Mike. Sorry about the background noise. Im traveling. Congrats on a great quarter. I wanted to start on mitral. With respect to your long-term views sort of a long-term question, $3 billion by 2024. How do you anticipate that breaking up U.S. versus OUS? And at that point in time understanding there's a lot of clinical evidence yet to be accumulated, do you expect Edwards will be if not a leader closing in on a leadership position at that point in time? Just trying to get a sense for trajectory as we look at your long-term projections in mitral.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So it's a great point. So I don't have an exact breakout of U.S. versus OUS. Given the earlier approval of OUS big head start for OUS, but you know that U.S. is a rapid adopter. So that's going to be a little tricky to predict. But that is -- it does include some bumps for the U.S. I think the bigger thing Jason is we're not suggesting $3 billion is where it stops in 2024.We feel like that's just where it gets going. We're focused on the long term in that regard. We'll try and provide some more clarity as we get to the investor conference, but right now I would say that's sort of a signpost along the way.
Jason Mills: Okay. Thank you for that Mike. And then, Scott, on your commentary with respect to operating margins to Bob's question, if we assume that R&D is not a source of leverage next year and potentially SG&A is, maybe talk about SG&A trending as we look at not only 2020. But does your commentary of previous Analyst Days hold true as we stand today in terms of seeing downward pressure on that line as a percentage of sales and perhaps if we do see leverage in 2020 that's where we would get it?
Scott Ullem: Well, I think, there are a couple of things that are influencing it, both in 2020 and beyond. One is, we're trying to scale our growth and be really efficient with overhead and administrative and back-office type expenses that run through SG&A.At the same time, we're investing aggressively in things like field resources who are supporting clinical cases. And so, I think, those two -- it's tuff to tell what the balance is going to look like, but over time, I guess, I'll just leave it as, we're going to try to be very efficient in SG&A. And we'll give you more update about what that looks like in 2020 in a couple of months when we get to our investor conference.
Jason Mills: Got it. Thank you both.
Mark Wilterding: Next question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Raj Denhoy: Hi. Good afternoon. Maybe just a couple of clarifications. On the CLASP studies, the F&D studies in the United States, I don't believe you've given us time lines for U.S. approval. I know you're enrolling both of them, but you haven't really given us much in terms of how that enrollment is going and when we might see those products get approved in the United States.
Mike Mussallem: I think, that's right, we haven't talked about approval. So, we say that we are on track for our enrollment and so we'll -- we may have more details to report at the investor conference. But right now I think our report is that we're on track with enrolling and really we haven't put sort of completions in place, because we're still relatively early.
Raj Denhoy: Okay. That's fair. And maybe just a quick one on competition. You mentioned you are being a little conscious in your outlook, given potential competition in the United States. But as you mentioned, you haven't seen much yet from LOTUS and some of the updates -- or the update, I suppose, on Portico coming out of TCT was perhaps a little underwhelming. And so, I guess, I'm curious what your current thinking is on competition and the potential impact competition will have over the next, call it, 12 to 24 months in the U.S.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We expect it to have impact. These are really good companies. We tend to think that our technology is pretty substantially superior, so we think that's going to give us a big advantage. But these are good companies that have great relationships out there and we think that they will have some impact.
Raj Denhoy: Okay. Fair enough. Congratulations on a good quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Matt Miksic: Hi. Thanks. Wanted to -- I think, we've covered the strength, really impressive I should say, strength in U.S. TAVR in the quarter again. But wanted to maybe get a sense of where sort of your activity is, or your involvement in new center initiation and training, just because it sounds like one of your U.S. peers has sort of redoubled their efforts on that front. And wondering if that requires a response from you, or you're sort of business as usual, or maybe just some comments on that front. And I have one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I'd probably call it a little bit more business as usual. We're fortunate to be the leader in this space and we still -- our approach on a regular basis. I'll say, one of the things that's been -- kept our team pretty busy this quarter, as you can imagine, with a 30% bump in U.S. procedures, we cover all those cases.So our team did a pretty incredible effort just to be able to cover all this bolus of patients that's come through. So have we pivoted to starting new centers? No, not in a big way, but of course we support them. And we think that will be gradual and grow over time.
Matt Miksic: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just on the OUS environment. I know your focus is on the U.S. and there's been a lot of conversation around that, but you have a premium-priced strategy in TAVR OUS. I think this time last year, it seemed and it felt like -- duel check and your comments, I think, that the pressure on pricing was maybe a touch heavier. And I don't know, if we're annualizing that, or you've seen a change in that environment incremental year-over-year. So, again, any color you have in that regard.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Well the one thing I could speak of with certainty is our discipline. We continue to exercise a lot of price discipline. If anything, I would say, there might be even more price pressure. We've watched some competitors get even more aggressive over time so some pretty, pretty significant differences, which is disappointing. We think it may be one of those things where it's tougher to compete, are on evidence and technology and so they're turning to price a little bit more aggressively. But that's the general environment.
Matt Miksic: Well, congrats on the solid results there. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Wise with Stifel. Please state your question.
Rick Wise: Good afternoon, everybody. Mike, maybe if you could talk a little more about Ultra and the Ultra rollout from a couple of vantage points. What's left to do in terms of ramping the device? It sounds like it's going to ramp up in the next few quarters. You're very clear that it's going to be most of the product sales in 2020 -- for most of 2020.How would you have us think about Ultra? Is it a growth accelerator? Is it a share gainer? And just as part of the question for you Scott how do we think about the impact on gross margins? Does it -- has it been a gross margin drag that turns into a positive as you launch it? Or no it's the opposite as volume grows and you move down the learning curve? Just any color on all of those kinds of things. That will be it for me. Thank you, Mike.
Mike Mussallem: All right. Thanks, Rick. So let's just start from the top. We're really pleased with Ultra. We think it's a great valve. We love this feature. We think the reduction of paravalvular leak is going to become more and more important over time. There's going to be increased competition. If Ultra allows us to just protect our existing positions as leader we'll be pleased with that. So I think that's probably what you should expect. From a margin perspective, I'll let Scott comment.
Scott Ullem: We're in the early days Rick as you know we've been making some changes here. There will be a headwind to gross margin but it's really not something you're going to see externally. And over time it'll have substantially similar margins to SAPIEN 3.
Rick Wise: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please state your question.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Scott can you circle back to the 200 basis point sales benefit you called out? How much of that was selling day versus Japan? And was that selling day impact making up for one less that you had in the prior quarter?
Scott Ullem: Days -- and yes we had about a 1% headwind in the first half. And so this third quarter we've had literally -- most of the 2% tailwind was in fact selling days. A very small piece was the Japan preorder.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. And then Mike just following up on Larry's question about the surgical valve business can you give us a sense of how much of your procedure mix at this point is those premium products INSPIRIS and INTUITY? Just wondering how long positive mix can still be a tailwind there to help offset the lower volumes.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, so at this point it's been growing pretty significantly. On the aortic side, it probably accounts for 50% or more of our volume and it's growing pretty quickly. So it's a pretty significant portion. It's becoming really the valve of choice in a number of regions.
Chris Pasquale: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Jennings with Cowen & Company. Please state your question.
Josh Jennings: Hi. Good evening. Congrats again on the results. I wanted to start off on just asymptomatic opportunity. I think Mike you commented on EARLY TAVR I think enrollment being pushed out? And just wanted to get some updated thoughts on asymptomatic, and just is the enrollment pushed out due to some of these patients just screening in and being determined symptomatic upon sort of more rigorous interrogation by clinicians or stress testing?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Josh. So we've had really fast enrollment in all of our PARTNER trials. That's really been a remarkable. And PARTNER 3 was a homerun. But when we get into this trial now we're talking about patients that are not only -- not on indication, but they're not on guidelines. Right now what guidelines say is you only treat patients that have AS and symptoms. And so many centers don't even acknowledge these and save it. And so it's been kind of bumpy and then it's just been a slower process because it's a first of a kind trial and it's a really big one. So we wish it was going faster -- not worried about the implications of this trial.
Josh Jennings: Understood. And just on bicuspid if -- we've just had some anecdotal feedback about just the label and the current language maybe limiting some bicuspid utilization and just the low risk indication primarily. And the reason I asked the question is just -- the question is what are you getting from the field? Are low-risk bicuspid cases being done in these early days? Or is that a whole another leg where, with label updates, that bicuspid opportunity could open up more fully. Thanks for taking the questions.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So you're suggesting our growth rate could have been higher if we treated more bicuspid patients? No, I'm just being funny now, right? So it's -- I think as we indicated before bicuspid is not off-label and we do continue to see many of these patients who get treated. They're younger. They have other issues. They often need different procedures. And so, that's often the case why they don't require TAVR therapy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank. Please state your question.
Pito Chickering: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Mike, before you used the word bolus when talking about TAVR growth this quarter. How should we think the bolus that we're having with low-risk patients? And how long do you think this bolus can last?
Mike Mussallem: That's a good question. So, we think what started the bolus was the report on the PARTNER 3 results. The superiority was pretty eye-popping that we think that drove a lot of discussion, awareness and so forth. One of the things about that we've learned about TAVR patients is even from when the decision gets made, they don't move through the system so fast. Many times it does take them longer than 90 days. So, if some of those patients got activated around that time frame, it's not surprising that they would show up in Q3.So, we think we're seeing sort of a bump in demand here started in the second quarter, see it in the third, some more in the fourth and we reach a new level. But we think -- as we say, we think that growth rate moderates over time to what we think of as more consistent with our long-term expectations.
Pito Chickering: Okay. Fair enough. And then second question. So your U.S. sales force is obviously quite busy this quarter sort of filling that 30% demand you guys saw. When do you think youll change your sales and marketing efforts to target more of the general cardiologists to help keep the low-risk patients coming in?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So we don't ever anticipate providing less service to our existing customers. Our model is a high-touch model, and we do everything within our power to make sure that each patient has a really successful result. You're on a good point. We do find high level of variability between the understanding the general cardiologists have. Some do a great job of staying current and others are somewhat dated in their understanding of what therapy options are. So there is a job for us to do there, and we are taking that on to some extent. We're -- that's one that we're ramping over time as we're learning how to do that and how to do that effectively.
Pito Chickering: Great. Thanks so much and great quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from Jayson Bedford with Raymond James. Please state your question.
Jayson Bedford: Good afternoon. . Thanks for taking the questions. I just had a quick follow-up on PASCAL. Does the doubling of revenue in 2020 stem more from entering new geographies? Or are you expecting any change in reimbursement in the regions you're currently in to help stimulate growth?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. A good chunk of it is indeed new geographies that -- we've probably gone to a very limited number of customers, a limited number of geographies so far. So yes, there'll be some more penetration in the existing geographies that we're in like Germany, but we'll be entering new geographies as well.
Jayson Bedford: Okay. And just as a quick one. The low double-digit TAVR growth in 2020, any way you can comment on U.S. versus international trends there?
Mike Mussallem: It was kind of preliminary for us. We wanted to put it out there just so to give you some kind of guidance. We're going to try and get into that more deeply. But rather than sort of speculate on something that turns into a foul ball, we just thought it'd be better for us to give you a high-level look and then we'll get deeper as time goes on.
Jayson Bedford: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, we do still have time for one more question. And that last question comes from Adam Maeder with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Adam Maeder: Hi, guys. Congrats on the quarter end, and thanks for taking the question. Just one for me maybe on Critical Care, that business continues to be a positive driven by HemoSphere. How should we be thinking about the growth trajectory over the longer term? Is this level of growth sustainable? And can you remind us of the benefit you're seeing from a capital standpoint?
Mike Mussallem: Well, we're really pleased with what's going on in Critical Care. And you can tell the growth rate that we've enjoyed this year, has been a step-up from what we've done in the past.The HemoSphere all-in-one platform has really been important. And it has stimulated our growth rate. Having said that, that team in Critical Care continues to add features to HemoSphere and there are new features that will be added even later this year and some more in the future.So as those happen, we think it provides a lift to growth. Although, I don't know that you're going to see the same bolus. So we're going to share our expectations a little bit more discreetly or clearly, when we get together at the investor conference. But right now, we continue to feel like, we have a strong franchise there in Critical Care.
Adam Maeder: That's very clear. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Q&A session. I'll now turn it back to management for closing remarks.
Mike Mussallem: Well. Just thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, and Mark, and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And I'll turn it back to you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, to access a telephone replay of this call, please dial 877-660-6853. If you're outside the U.S. you can dial 201-612-7415.Once again, a telephone replay dial, 877-660-6853 and from outside the U.S. 201-612-7415. And please enter the conference ID, 13694541. Once again, use the conference ID, 13694541.This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Second Quarter 2019 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Wilterding, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please begin.
Mark Wilterding: Thank you, Raya. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, Edwards Lifesciences released its second quarter 2019 financial results. During today's call, management will discuss the results included in the press release and accompanied financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Ullem, Chief Financial Officer.Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to financial guidance and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations.These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release, our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Edwards' other SEC filings, all of which are available on the company's website at edwards.com.Finally, a quick reminder that when using terms underlying and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures, otherwise they are referring to GAAP results. Additional information about the use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and available at edwards.com.With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike for his comments.
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Mark, and welcome to the team. We are pleased to report strong second quarter total adjusted sales of $1.1 billion, representing 14% underlying sales growth with balanced strength across all four product lines. Sales were lifted by a high teens global growth in TAVR, which reinforces our belief in our projection of a $7 billion opportunity by 2024. We continue to aggressively pursue breakthrough technologies with the potential to help an even broader group of patients and in turn drive significant future value. Given our first half performance, we have increased confidence that we will again achieve double-digit sales growth in 2019.In transcatheter aortic valve replacement or TAVR, second quarter global sales were $678 million, up 18% on an underlying basis. We estimate global TAVR procedure growth was comparable with our growth. We anticipated growth would accelerate after the first quarter and our results this quarter exceeded our expectations. Globally, our average selling price remained stable as we continued to exercise price discipline. For the first half of 2019, we estimate global TAVR procedures grew in the mid-teens consistent with our guidance from the December investor conference.In the US, our TAVR sales grew in the high teens and we estimate that our share of procedures was stable. We believe growth was stimulated by increased confidence in the therapy following the strong PARTNER 3 clinical results presented and published in late Q1. It was encouraging to note that growth was broad based across both high and low volume centers.Nevertheless, based on our continued research, we are increasingly confident that there are many patients who would benefit from TAVR and who are not diagnosed, referred or treated today. We remain focused on our efforts to increase awareness and diagnosis, improve referral patterns and help patients receive the care that they need based on medical guidelines. Patients are continuing to be treated with the PARTNER 3 low risk continued access protocol in more than 30 high volume clinical trial sites. We now estimate that in the third quarter, the FDA will approve SAPIEN 3 and SAPIEN 3 Ultra for patients at low surgical risk.Late in Q2, the US Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services or CMS released the final updated NCD, which we believe better reflects today's practices and the needs of patients. We commend CMS on its thoughtful approach toward updating the TAVR policy. While the NCD did not achieve equipoise between surgery and TAVR, we believe the modernized requirements and more streamlined patient evaluation process are meaningful enhancements that should improve access for more patients suffering from severe aortic stenosis.Outside the US, in the second quarter, we estimate total TAVR procedures grew in the mid-teens on a year-over-year basis with Edwards growth being comparable. We continue to see excellent opportunities for OUS growth, as we believe international adoption of TAVR therapy remains quite low. In Europe, we estimate that TAVR procedures also grow in the mid-teens on a year-over-year basis and Edwards growth was comparable. We're continuing our launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra system in Europe, which we expect to account for a majority of our TAVR sales in Europe by year-end.CENTERA was a limited -- was in a limited number of centers and did not contribute meaningfully to this growth. In Japan, we continue to see strong TAVR adoption driven by SAPIEN 3 and new centers are being qualified. We remain focused on expanding the availability of TAVR therapy throughout the country, driven by our belief that aortic stenosis remains an immensely undertreated disease along this large elderly population.As we discussed earlier this year, the landmark PARTNER 3 trial clearly demonstrated superiority of SAPIEN 3 over surgery in the low-risk patient population. A highlight was a low 1% risk of death or stroke at one year. Combined with prior robust clinical evidence, we believe a great majority of patients with aortic stenosis are ideally treated with Edwards best-in-class SAPIEN 3 platform.Given the pending approval for patients at low risk and the continued excellence and versatility of our balloon-expandable platform, we have made the difficult decision to discontinue the CENTERA program. While the CENTERA valve has demonstrated excellent clinical outcomes and is performing well for patients, the time and resources required to optimize deliverability as well as expanding the indications to max SAPIEN 3 are significant. Going forward, we believe we best address patients needs by focusing resources on our robust pipeline of next-generation balloon-expandable technologies and indication expansion trials.We continue to be pleased with the SAPIEN 3 Ultra valve performance, and throughout the discipline launch, our confidence has been reinforced by positive clinician feedback. Many clinicians have also expressed a preference for aspects of the SAPIEN 3 delivery system and we're working to incorporate those changes to optimize the SAPIEN 3 Ultra system. We expect physicians to continue to transition from SAPIEN 3 to SAPIEN 3 Ultra system around the world.In summary, our year-to-date underlying sales growth in TAVR was 14% and we are raising our full year guidance to around the top end of our previous 11% to 15% range. Although the strategic decisions we made in the quarter resulted in a special charge, these decisions strengthen the execution of our long-term strategy. We are encouraged that the TAVR opportunity remains robust and continue to believe that our TAVR innovations will sustain our strong global leadership position.Turning to Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies or TMTT, second quarter global revenue of $7 million was lifted by the continued rollout of PASCAL in Europe. In our early commercial experience, we remained focused on physician training, procedural success and great outcomes for patients. We're pleased with our progress as well as the positive physician feedback that we're receiving regarding PASCAL as a differentiated therapy. We also treated patients commercially with our Cardioband mitral and tricuspid annular reduction therapies and there have been improvement in supply as we continued transferring production to other Edwards manufacturing sites.As we advance our comprehensive portfolio, we remain focused on developing clinical evidence. We recently presented positive data on our mitral and tricuspid experience with PASCAL and Cardioband at the EuroPCR and TVT medical meetings. We're encouraged by the data from the CLASP study of the PASCAL system. At six months, patients experienced substantial MR reduction as well as clinically and statistically significant improvements in functional status, exercise capability and quality of life.Looking ahead in mitral repair, as previously announced, we receive approval of our CLASP IIF pivotal trial for patients with secondary or functional mitral valve disease and plan to initiate enrollment in late 2019 and we continue to enroll in our CLASP IID pivotal trial to study PASCAL in primary or degenerative mitral valve disease.In mitral valve replacement, we're pleased with the ongoing early feasibility study experience in both EVOQUE and SAPIEN M3 transseptal therapies and we remain on track to initiate a US pivotal trial of SAPIEN M3 in late 2019. In transcatheter tricuspid repair, we've gained significant clinical experience through our three simultaneous US early feasibility studies for PASCAL, Cardioband and FORMA. We believe that PASCAL and Cardioband can treat a significant number of patients suffering from tricuspid regurgitation supporting further optimization of our portfolio. We plan to initiate a pivotal trial using PASCAL in the tricuspid position late this year and plan to initiate a second tricuspid pivotal trial with Cardioband in the future.Further, while we have experienced positive clinical outcomes for patients who've been treated with FORMA, we've made the decision to discontinue work on FORMA to support the acceleration of other tricuspid programs.Overall, we remain enthusiastic about the opportunities to treat patients suffering from tricuspid and mitral disease with our transcatheter therapies. We remain on track to achieve our 2019 milestones, including continued enrollment in our CLASP IID pivotal trial as well as planning to initiate three additional pivotal trials by late 2019. And you can expect to hear more updates regarding our one-year CLASP study data at the upcoming TCT medical meeting.In summary, we remain confident in achieving approximately $40 million of total TMTT revenue for 2019. We continue to estimate the global TMTT opportunity to reach approximately $3 billion by 2024 and are passionate about bringing a portfolio of solutions for patients in need.In Surgical Structural Heart, sales for the quarter were $218 million or up 2% on an underlying basis. Growth was lifted by increased adoption of our premium high value technologies and strength outside the US. This was partially offset by lower surgical aortic heart valve procedures in the US as TAVR adoption expanded. Of particular note, the INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve continued to grow in all regions with notable usage in more active patients who might otherwise get a mechanical valve.Separately, we now anticipate that our Harpoon system, an echo guided beating heart mitral valve repair therapy, will be commercially available in Europe in late 2019 versus our previous expectation for a mid-2019 launch. The delay in timing reflects what we believe is generally a slower regulatory environment in Europe. We remain enthusiastic about this unique therapy and believe that it will offer the potential for earlier treatment of degenerative mitral valve disease, while providing faster recovery and more consistent outcomes for patients.In summary, in Surgical Structural Heart, we remain comfortable with our full year underlying sales growth range of 1% to 3%. We remain excited about our ability to provide innovative surgical treatment options for more patients and to extend our global leadership in premium Surgical Structural Heart technologies.In Critical Care, sales for the quarter were $184 million and grew 9% on an underlying basis. All product lines contributed to this performance, boosted by HemoSphere sales primarily in the US and Europe. HemoSphere, as our all-in-one monitoring platform, is an important growth driver in 2019 and with the recent full market launch of the platform that includes our FloTrac sensor and our Acumen Hypotension Index software. This platform is designed to provide greater clarity on a patient's hemodynamic status, while introducing a predictive algorithm to improve decision-making.In April, we successfully completed our acquisition of CASMED's FORE-SIGHT, a non-invasive cerebral oximetry monitoring technology. Sales of CASMED were $5 million in the quarter, integration is underway to enable the use of FORE-SIGHT on our HemoSphere platform. This combination will create a unique offering of enhanced recovery tools and predictive analytics capabilities to further strengthen our leadership in smart monitoring.In summary, given the strong first half sales performance and the momentum from the recent HemoSphere launches, we now expect full year 2019 underlying sales growth of 8% to 10%, an increase versus our previous 5% to 7% projection.And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: [indiscernible] Mike. Our top line performance this quarter was outstanding with underlying sales growth of 13.6%, reflecting strength in all four of our product lines across all regions. Particularly strong this quarter was our TAVR sales, which likely benefited from the recent clinical evidence supporting SAPIEN 3 therapy. Our adjusted earnings per share in the second quarter of $1.38 grew 11% over the prior year and was driven by our strong sales performance, partially offset by higher research and development spending, primarily in our transcatheter structural heart programs.As Mike previously discussed, this quarter, we made strategic decisions regarding our transcatheter aortic valve portfolio, which resulted in a $46 million special charge primarily comprised of finished goods inventory. This charge combined with other adjustments reduced our GAAP earnings per share to $1.14. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release.I'll now cover the details of our second quarter results and then discuss guidance for 2019. For the quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 76.4% compared to 74.4% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven primarily by the favorable impacts from foreign exchange and product mix, partially offset by investments in our global supply chain expansion. We continue to expect our full year 2019 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 78%, although, we are expecting a lower benefit from foreign exchange than originally anticipated at our investor conference.Selling, general and administrative expenses in the second quarter were $308 million or 28.4% of sales. This 12% increase over the prior year was driven by transcatheter structural heart field personnel related expenses, including expanding the TMTT field organization in Europe, partially offset by the strengthening of the dollar. We continue to expect SG&A, excluding special items to be between 28% and 29% of sales for the full year 2019.Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 25% over the prior year to $192 million or 17.7% of sales. The increase was primarily the result of significant investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs, including an increase in clinical research for the PASCAL system. For the full year 2019, we continue to expect research and development, excluding special items, to be between 17% and 18% of sales.Turning to taxes, our reported tax rate was 10.7% for the quarter or 12.0% excluding the impact of special items. This rate included a 530 basis-point benefit or $0.08 from the accounting for employee stock-based compensation. We continue to expect our full year 2019 tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 12% and 14%, which reflects the continuing benefit of accounting for employee stock-based compensation.Foreign exchange rates decreased second quarter sales growth by approximately 2% or $20 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we continue to estimate an approximate $60 million negative impact or about 1.5% to full year 2019 sales compared to the prior year. Foreign exchange rates positively impacted our second quarter gross profit margin by 260 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our April guidance, FX rates had less than $0.01 impact on earnings per share, reflecting our effective currency hedging program.Free cash flow for the second quarter was $277 million, defined as cash flow from operating activities of $341 million, less capital spending of $64 million. We now expect full year 2019 adjusted free cash flow to be around the top of our $800 million to $900 million guidance. We remain on track in implementing capital expansion projects in line with our strategy to increase global capacity and increase the robustness of our global supply chain.Turning to our balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $934 million. Total debt was $594 million. Consistent with the company's plans to offset dilution from equity-based compensation, Edwards repurchased 1.4 million shares in the second quarter for $250 million. Average shares outstanding during the second quarter remained level with the prior quarter at 212 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2019 to be between $211 million and $213 million.Turning to our 2019 guidance, given our strong first half performance, we have increased confidence in achieving our expectations for financial performance in 2019. We are increasing the bottom end of our sales guidance ranges for Edwards and for TAVR. For total Edwards, we now expect $4.0 billion to $4.3 billion, an underlying sales growth around the top end of our previous 9% to 12% range. For TAVR, we now expect $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion.We continue to expect TMTT sales of approximately $40 million and Surgical Structural Heart sales of $810 million to $850 million. We now expect Critical Care sales, including CASMED, around the top end of our previous $700 million to $750 million range. We are raising our full year adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $5.20 to $5.40, up from our previous guidance of $5.10 to $5.35. For the third quarter of 2019, our seasonally lowest quarter, at current foreign exchange rates, we project total sales to be between $1.02 billion and $1.06 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.13 to $1.23.And with that, I'll pass it back to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. We're very pleased with our strong performance in the first half of 2019. As patients and clinicians increasingly understand the significant benefits of transcatheter-based technologies supported by the substantial body of compelling evidence, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunity. Our foundation of leadership, combined with a robust product pipeline, positions us well for continued success.And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Mike. We're ready to take questions now. In order to allow for broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and management will answer as many questions as possible during the remainder of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.
Bob Hopkins: Congrats on a phenomenal second quarter. I guess the first and obvious question is really on the TAVR growth acceleration in the quarter, both for yourselves and for the market. Can you just comment on what drove that acceleration? How much do you think that was actually low risk versus some other driver?
Mike Mussallem: There were multiple factors that probably contributed to the growth in Q2 and it's pretty hard for us to isolate each one. I'll remind you, there has been high variability in the past quarter to quarter. It just has not been uncommon in TAVR. Recall the Q1 growth rate was lower than the recent past and the second quarter here was certainly higher. You look at the first half in total and it was around 14% back in the mid-teens, but it was quite a difference between quarters and there could have been some seasonality associated with it.But to add to that. I mean, to be fair, we believe that the growth might have been stimulated globally just by the increased confidence in the therapy, following the strong PARTNER 3 clinical trial results. It could have had several influences. There was a lot of awareness and publicity that could have encouraged treatment. It's possible that there's some borderline patients that receive TAVR. There was a minor increase and more cap. But what we are encouraged by particular, Bob, was that was broad based growth across the globe and that even in the US, it was in both large and lower volume centers.
Bob Hopkins: I just wanted to ask as one follow-up just on mitral. You're still guiding to approximately 40 million. You need to almost triple your revenue in the back half. So just -- can you talk Mike a little bit about what gives you the confidence that PASCAL can accelerate as much as you're expecting in the back half of the year?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So we weren't really focused on the numbers this quarter. Our early commercial experience, we just stayed focused on physician training, procedural success and just trying to get great outcomes for patients. The procedures did actually increase quite a bit over Q2 and it's possible that some of the Q1 sales actually was consumed in Q2. But we're pleased with the kind of feedback that we've gotten on PASCAL and we remain confident in achieving the $40 million guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Just two from me. Mike, just thinking about TAVR guidance for the back half of the year, it's pretty stable, frankly that's what we saw from a growth perspective in the second quarter. So is that how we should think about the business? Why should we not expect sort of further inflection or do you expect that after the approval an NCD? And then a quick follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: I'm not sure, I followed it exactly. You're saying, why shouldn't it be more. Is that the question David?
David Lewis: Growth rates, your back half top end of the range means back half of the year is consistent with the second quarter. So the question is, why do you not see further inflection or do not expect that until we see the approval or NCD?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, we think it's premature. As you're well aware here, we've decided to discontinue the CENTERA program, so that won't be a driver of growth. We know that Boston Scientific is in the process of launching and we expect that to have some impact. So those are going to be some headwinds. And so we feel pretty good about where we guided things, David.
David Lewis: And then Mike just new competition was a big debate this year. So competition in the US from a third entrant, you suggested stable share this quarter. Was there any impact in the second quarter from new entrants? And how should we think about the second half of the year relative to new entrants? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: It's always difficult for us to estimate market growth, but we assume that we -- that the growth in procedures overall and our growth was quite comparable. As it relates to Boston, it appears that they're executing a disciplined launch and that they're focusing on training and we expect them to get more active in the coming months. But we remain confident in our guidance.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Kumar: Congrats on a really nice quarter here. Mike, just back on TAVR guidance for the back half. I just want to understand that, sequentially, we had 800 basis points of acceleration versus 1Q. Your comps did not seem like it was easier. And based on your comments, this was broad based, right? This was not just a US phenomenon. You saw this across the geographies. Your comments on Europe accelerating, I think that's the first time we've seen Europe, you guys being holding back to mid-teens in a while. And this is all happening before the formal approval, right? So back to, I guess, the question, 2Q was so strong, why shouldn't it accelerate post the approval in the back half?
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for that Vijay and I can understand how you do that analysis. But when you do the sequential look of Q1 versus Q2, we certainly expected Q2 to be stronger than Q1 from a growth rate perspective. The way it turned out -- Q1, we think turned out surprisingly low and there may be some reasons behind it that we don't fully understand that has to do with seasonality in the way the calendar fell. Q2 turned out to be even stronger. So I would caution you not to expect that kind of sequential growth on a routine basis. And so when we lay out the back half of the year, as I said, we would expect to get the approval sometime in Q3 and remember that Q3 is traditionally our slowest seasonal quarter as it is for our customers. And I mentioned without CENTERA and with Boston Scientific launching, we think that our guidance is in the appropriate place.
Vijay Kumar: And maybe one on the mitral side, Cardioband, I'm not sure I heard Cardioband being mentioned on what its contribution was for in TMTT? Is it being used in mitral because I certainly heard about tricuspid and the trial starts, but I'm just curious on Cardioband in the mitral area?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, so Cardioband supply situation has improved. It was used in both the mitral and the tricuspid position, actually more tricuspid this last quarter. And so we're pleased to see that supply situation get better, so that we can allow some of our operators to really get in -- get to come down the learning curve and apply that on a regular basis. Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen: And congrats on the really, really impressive quarter. One on the EPS guidance, one on Ultra. So if I'm doing the math right, Scott, EPS beat by the midpoint of the Q2 guidance by about $0.06, but you raised the fiscal Q2 -- fiscal 2019 EPS guidance by only about $0.07 at the midpoint. Why is that? And I had one follow-up.
Scott Ullem: So you're generally right about the math, Larry. This is, by the way, about $0.12 over our investor conference guidance. But effectively expenses and sales in the second quarter came in higher than we expected. And so as we look at the second half of the year, we're also expecting expenses to come in higher than we originally expected. Remember, we've got new pivotal trials coming online and some additional other R&D and SG&A expenses that go along with those.
Larry Biegelsen: And then Mike on SAPIEN 3 Ultra, do you think the balloon issues have been resolved with the update to the IFU? And are you now planning to rollout Ultra more aggressively? And could you provide a little more color on the SAPIEN 3 delivery system comments you mentioned in your prepared remarks?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. What we expressed is, we're getting a lot of favorable feedback on the SAPIEN 3 Ultra valve itself and the way that that valve is performing. But we are seeing many clinicians also express a preference for aspects of the SAPIEN 3 delivery system. So we're working to incorporate those into the Ultra system. Ultimately, we think that that will have impact on the balloon issue. The balloon issue, we identified some factors that were associated with that and actually there has been less of that that have occurred with this SAPIEN 3 delivery systems. So we expect that to be a real enhancement in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Wuensch: Two quick questions, I want to spend a moment on the international market, the pricing dynamics. And last quarter, we talked about stable market share in a slower market. This quarter, we're talking about stable market share in a faster market. And I'm just trying to make sure I understand what's going on here?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, so we do think that OUS procedure growth did pick up in the second quarter. And, you did hear correctly that we feel like our growth was comparable with the market. So we didn't really see a share shift in our minds either last quarter or this quarter. And this is true year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. Now exactly why it picked up is a little difficult to say. Our team would say that there was probably some positive influence that came from the PARTNER 3 news that came in the end of Q1.
Joanne Wuensch: And then I just want to also understand the impact of the continued access program in low risk and what you may think it helped in the second quarter. And how are you thinking about that for the second half contribution?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks. So that stays in place until there is an approval. The cap program in the second quarter generated a little more than the first quarter, but it was pretty small. It was minor. I want to say something maybe in the 10% improvement. So I think maybe a couple of million dollars.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus, JPMorgan.
Robbie Marcus: Great and congrats on a nice quarter. I heard you mentioned comments that the M3 is moving into pivotal trials late in this year. I didn't hear an update on timing for EVOQUE. Can you just give us an update on, if you're doing implants in patients in both of those right now and the status for EVOQUE?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, we are doing patients with both systems. We've been really pleased with the feedback on both systems. We have, at this point, decided that we are going to initiate the SAPIEN M3 clinical trial before the end of the year. One of the reasons that we feel comfortable going first with that is because we have literally thousands of patients in which the SAPIEN valve has been used in the mitral position. So it gives us an opportunity to start there, but we don't mean to send a signal that we're not excited about the EVOQUE platform. We also feel great SAPIEN M3 is going to go first.
Robbie Marcus: And you gave some good color on what you thought about second quarter and maybe some of the drivers of growth there. But maybe just diving into the international markets a little bit and if you could break out Europe and outside of Europe. This is a market that's been doing low risk for a while, it's been growing mid-teens for an impressive number of years. What is it there that you're seeing in trends that drove the growth this quarter, well above the expectations? Was it less competitive pricing? Was it some change in competitive dynamics? Was it some markets doing better than others? Any kind of color you could give would be great.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. So I mean, this was a really remarkably level quarter for us in that we experienced double-digit growth really around the globe, and that was driven by TAVR. In Europe, in particular, what we have seen is that the less penetrated countries continue to grow faster than the more penetrated countries, but there is still ways to go. Europe is influenced to some extent by its reimbursement programs and so that's the key element of this. But I think, you said that there was already low risk in Europe. Actually, there is no low risk approval at the EU level that will probably come in 2020. But we do think that there were some influence from the PARTNER 3 data that appeared at the end of Q1 and that probably had some impact on the treatment of patients in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity.
Cecilia Furlong: This is actually Cecilia on for Jason and thank you for taking the questions. I just wanted to ask about Japan and the strong TAVR adoption trends you've seen recently, juxtaposed with the current number of qualified centers in the region. And as you look forward, can you talk about the TAVR outside EU here and the leg work necessary to really open up the opportunity, what still needs to be done to increase the total number of qualified centers as well as establish and improve current referral patterns?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, the growth rate in Japan has been nice and we've been pleased with that. But we are not pleased at all with the treatment rates in Japan. Given the large elderly population there, we would expect TAVR penetration to be much higher at this stage of the game and we believe that one of the reasons it's not higher is because it's really been limited in terms of the way their system has allowed centers to start up and that there should be more centers and the centers that are doing it should probably be doing more procedures. So we still have our work to do to make sure that proper policies are put in place and we are applying energy to do that. So although, Japan is nice, it's still a big opportunity for patients to be treated at a much higher rate.
Cecilia Furlong: And then just turning to Europe, I realize it's still very early in the process, but could you talk more about your ongoing PASCAL launch in the region and specifically the training programs that you're implementing, the learning curve associated with the platform and adoption trends within centers following initial utilization. And just what types of patients are you seeing the platform be used in initially as centers trial the device? And where does this expand in your view longer term?
Mike Mussallem: So early on here, we've really put a premium on making sure that the training was very well done that we have great procedural success that patients had great outcomes and that's been job one for us. It really hasn't been so much about the numbers. We've gotten a lot of great feedback. We saw the number of procedures really accelerate in Q2 and we are indeed adding centers in Europe during Q3 and Q4. So, you can tell from our projection that we expect to do around $40 million in 2019. And that's going to be primarily from PASCAL. So I think it kind of speaks for itself in terms of what we think the adoption rate will be.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor with UBS.
Matt Taylor: So the first question I wanted to ask was, you mentioned it's a difficult decision to discontinue CENTERA. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about that as it certainly implies a lot of confidence in SAPIEN 3, which you should have. But you're not going to have a self-expanding option going forward. And what does that do to you in terms of the additional flexibility or horsepower that you get from discontinuing that you could put behind PASCAL or some of these other programs?
Mike Mussallem: You're right, a lot of this was headlined -- the incredible body of evidence that exists on SAPIEN platform and SAPIEN 3 in particular and the way it performed in the PARTNER 3 data has just given us a lot of confidence and it's also placed a very high bar in terms of how systems need to perform. And although we are really pleased and excited about CENTERA, there is a number of clinicians as well and that valve performed well. The way that valve delivers didn't work as well in all anatomies as we would have liked. So it would have required us to make some enhancements to delivery system.And at the same time, remember the CENTERA trial we're involved in now would only give us an intermediate risk indication that we would have to continue to do trials. So when we put that altogether and thought about where we're going to apply the resources of our team and how much confidence we have in the existing platform and how excited we are on future platforms, it was a tough decision, but we made it and decided that we're going to focus our resources on the next generations as well as the excitement we have around our existing platforms.
Matt Taylor: And then can you just spend a second on how you've kind of retooled the investments in mitral and tricuspid as kind of a follow-up to that and where are you accelerating these more -- you mentioned the PASCAL trial starting in tricuspid later this year. Maybe give us some info on where you're really trying to accelerate?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So a few things, one is PASCAL is really kind of going first on the repair side. So we are pleased, now we already had a program that was focused on these primary or degenerative patients and to be able to launch a pivotal trial for the functional or secondary patients we're excited about, because that's a significant group of patients that we're looking forward to treat.On the tricuspid side, after a lot of deliberation, we decided that our first tricuspid trial should be done with PASCAL. So we made that call. You also heard that we decided and made the tough decision to discontinue the work that we have on FORMA. And so that one, we're in discussions with FDA in terms of what that trial design would look like. And so hopefully that gives you a sense, and at the same time, I think we just explained where we are on the mitral replacement with M3 going into a clinical trial late this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse.
Matt Miksic: And I'll echo everyone's congrats on the quarter. So, I think one of the things that folks have been trying to get to on the quarter is sort of the strengths and what drove it and it doesn't sound like it was continued access per se. And I guess Mike, if you could elaborate, maybe it doesn't really sound like it was low risk patients that came in, but you said a few times awareness of and the impact of the PARTNER data. So is it -- I mean is it something like stroke risk or something that stood out or change the conversation for the, let's say, the intermediate risk indications or any kind of color that you can provide on -- how does awareness translate into volumes? And then I had one follow up.
Mike Mussallem: I understand the confusion and I wish I could point you to one thing that really drove this and I know this call feels a little bit like a birthday party, but it is -- there are a bunch of serious issues in here. We think that there was just plain variability between the first quarter and the second quarter. We believe that all of this data that was presented at the end of Q1 generated a lot of buzz, a lot of excitement and that people started moving through the system. We know that people don't move through the system that fast.And so oftentimes, we think it could take 90 or 120 days, even more for people to move through it. So how much could have gotten stimulated and move in Q2 is a question mark. So again, we don't think it's about cap. We don't think there were a significant number of low risk patients that were treated in the quarter. We really think that it was just the stimulation of the overall number of TAVR procedures.
Matt Miksic: I understand it's difficult to pin down, but then a similar question heading into Q3 and again cap not -- let's just say not a factor, per se. Maybe talk about seasonality, I mean last year, you're down about 30 million or so sequentially Q2 to Q3. I think. And maybe what does cause that number to come down the way say it would need to come down sequentially in order to hit the guidance you've laid out for Q3?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, it's a good question. So you know that Q3 is a seasonably slow quarter for our customers. And so that kind of goes without saying, it wasn't so long ago, I'll remind you, back in 2016, after we got the approval that Q3 was lower growth than Q2 and I'm not sure we fully explained exactly why that was the case, but it happened. And so it causes us to just stay thoughtful and moderate about what our expectations are. We expect to have approval. But again, if the approval does come, its probably likely to come during one of the slowest times of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen & Company.
Josh Jennings: Just two questions on low risk approval. First one is, what gives you confidence to kind of narrow the guidance range for approval timelines to 3Q. And should we be thinking about that -- could the approval occur just in the next week or should we be thinking later in the quarter in September? And then I just have one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks for the question. I understand where you're coming from, Josh. So what happens usually as we go through questions back and forth with FDA and you can usually tell when the questions are winding down or when they're coming down to the final questions. And so it makes us feel we're pretty close. One of the things that's not clear is whether our approval would come at the same time or whether the FDA might choose to move two competitors at the same time could be a factor. So we're saying based on everything we know probably Q3, but we just can't be any more specific than that.
Josh Jennings: And just in terms of low risk approval in the label. I think you've been clear you don't expect any kind of exclusion of bicuspid, I just wanted to sanity check that, is that still your view. But to follow up on top of that is, I mean, could you have a labeling advantage in the early days of low risk approval? It's our understanding that the Medtronic bicuspid arm is still enrolling or just gotten started enrolling couple of months ago. Could you have an advantage in the bicuspid segment for a period until Medtronic gets that data together?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, I'll just remind the audience that bicuspid is not contraindicated today and we do not expect it to be contraindicated in the label or in the future. You saw Raj Makkar's data, which was quite encouraging. So I'm not sure it's going to be much of a competitive dynamic going forward. We feel comfortable that it will be treated in the future much like it is today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim.
Chris Pasquale: Congrats on the quarter guys. So Mike just to start off with how close is CLASP IID to completing enrollment? Just trying to get a better sense for the regulatory timeline there?
Mike Mussallem: So we've been enrolling for a while. It's proceeding largely as planned. We're continuing to activate more centers. I don't think we have anything more to share on that. We really haven't laid out what we think it's going to take us. This is the first time that we've been engaged in a mitral transcatheter trial just like this. But it is going largely as we planned.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. Can you talk a little bit more about the tricuspid opportunity? We haven't seen a ton of data yet on these devices in that position, but you guys are moving ahead into two trials that suggest you're encouraged by what you're seeing. What types of patients you're looking to treat new studies? Is there going to be any difference in terms of how you set up the one for Cardioband versus PASCAL? Anything you can share there would be helpful.
Mike Mussallem: So this is really going to be new for these patients. Today, they don't have very much options. One of the reasons that we're enthused as clinicians are enthused and they say, we really could use a transcatheter option to be able to help these patients. As we mentioned earlier on the call, we actually have done three early feasibility studies in the tricuspid position and even though each of those systems behave differently, we've consistently heard back that patients really get an improvement in their quality of life following that. Now of course that's anecdotal we need to do that in a high-quality fashion. We really have not defined the clinical trial at this point. We're working with FDA at this point, but it's going to be some kind of a trial that actually compares it to medical management probably. And so it will be back fundamental.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies.
Raj Denhoy: I wonder if I could maybe get your thoughts on the NCD, the expanded NCD or the updated NCD that came out a few weeks ago. Any thoughts on what impact that will have on the market and are you seeing new centers already starting to gear up to start offering TAVR?
Mike Mussallem: So, we often think that the primary risk that have faced severe aortic stenosis patients is not the treatment complications, but the risk of not receiving treatment at all and we really commend CMS for a thoughtful approach that I think really is going to modernize the requirements and it will be more streamlined for patients. We know that there are a number of centers that are anxious to open TAVR programs and when we look ahead, we say it's reasonable to estimate that approximately 200 new sites could achieve eligibility to initiate a TAVR program by the end of 2020.
Raj Denhoy: And in that context, what's your sense on how expansive that will be to procedure volumes versus sort of cannibalizing patients that would have been referred previously?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We don't know this for sure, but based on our past experience, we think new centers often mean new patients. We think that often patients are trapped in the referral pathways and don't necessarily get referred out to other larger centers. So we think it is going to be additive. But overall, remember that we have an estimate that the overall opportunity is going to grow to $7 billion by 2024, which infers a pretty significant growth rate between now and then. And we think that's all part of it. The NCD kind of turned out the way we had hoped it would turn out and had planned for it to turn out. So not really outside of our existing guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink.
Danielle Antalffy: Congrats on a really good quarter. And Mike, I wish it was a birthday party. But anyway, just a quick question on, you mentioned that a lot of these -- or you didn't say a lot. I'm sorry, you've mentioned that some of these patients might have been borderline patients, do you have any sense of how many patients would be considered borderline? And maybe to answer this question, do you have any -- a better way would be to look at age, any sense of where the age is creeping right now? Is it still about average age of 80? Is it moving well or have you seen in this quarter?
Mike Mussallem: I appreciate the favorable comments. You know what, we just don't have anything quantifiable. What we hear back is pretty anecdotal. So I really can't track it for you. The borderline patients we don't think was the majority, we think it was a factor. But we just think that for whatever reason, there was an acceleration. So we track what's going on in age, but that generally lags by a quarter or two. So we don't have a really clear handle on that at this time.
Danielle Antalffy: And then just a quick follow-up on Europe and following up on Joanne's question around cost and just wondering what's happening as you have conversations with some of the healthcare systems over in Europe because some of the feedback I got at PCR was, we love SAPIEN 3, but it's too expensive and we actually can't grow volumes, because we're limited by the cost of the valves, they need to get cheaper. What are you hearing, I understand you guys have been very disciplined about price, but not even as it relates to competition, but just from a volume perspective and patient access in Europe and how might you address that longer term?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We think some of the healthcare systems in Europe aren't fully prepared to pay for the quality and value that goes along with therapies like TAVR. Actually, I think when you compare with the value that it adds to the system, what it would cost to add a quality year of life and so forth, TAVR compares wonderfully with so many other therapies. We need to do a better job of influencing the policy makers about the importance of this therapy and that's really what's key for us. We can understand why physicians are in a tough place, they have to live within the existing reimbursement system, but we think in some cases, they don't fully reflect the value of the technology. That's our job to do.
Operator: Our last question will come from the line of Pito Chickering with Deutsche Bank.
Pito Chickering: Couple of questions. The first one, can you refresh us on the number of centers in the US that are using Ultra? What is the order rate for these centers on Ultra versus SAPIEN 3? And how quickly are you converting into 100% of Ultra?
Mike Mussallem: So, I don't know the number of Ultra in the US. It's a small number. We were further along in Europe. We didn't give a projection of how far we were going to be overall, we did say that we thought it would account for the majority of procedures in Europe, before the end of the year and that ultimately we think that the Ultra system will replace SAPIEN 3 in all geographies.
Pito Chickering: Okay. And then two housekeeping questions. What impact discontinuing CENTERA have in your gross margins? Now as you shift more valves into Ultra in Europe, how should we think about how that impacts your gross margins as they need to ramp up two production lines to full capacity?
Mike Mussallem: So you're saying, how is our gross margin impacted by the switch to Ultra from SAPIEN 3?
Pito Chickering: Yes.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We think that's pretty, it's pretty negligible. CENTERA would have been a more expensive system to make, but Ultra is comparable to the SAPIEN 3.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. All right. Well thank you everybody for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, Mark and I, welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, now back to you, Mark.
Mark Wilterding: Thanks, Scott and thank you all for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call, which include underlying sales and growth rates as well as amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can be found in the Investor Relations section of the website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use the conference ID number 13691682. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of the Edwards Lifesciences website. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading Edwards Lifesciences, released its First Quarter 2019 Financial Results. During today's call, management will discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules. And then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, management will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include but aren't limited to financial guidance, and expectations for longer-term growth opportunities, regulatory approvals, clinical trials, litigation, reimbursement, competitive matters, and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and Edwards does not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in the press release, our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and Edwards's other SEC filings, all of which are available on its website at edwards.com. Also a quick reminder that when using the terms underlie and adjusted, management is referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise they are referring to GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release at Edwards.com. Now I will turn the call over to Mike Mussallem.
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Roya. It's been an exciting start to 2019 with multiple positive developments for the company and the patients we serve. Most notably, we announced groundbreaking results of the PARTNER 3 Trial which demonstrated the superiority of our SAPIEN 3 valve technology and provides a strong platform for future growth. Also CMS published a draft national coverage determination or NCD for TAVR which could provide improved access for this therapy in the U.S. for even more patients suffering from aortic stenosis who today don't receive treatment. These important developments reinforce our confidence in the continued growth of TAVR. In addition, we received CE Mark for PASCAL, an important early addition to our portfolio of TMTT therapies. We are also pleased to recently complete the acquisition of CASMED a cerebral oximetry technology that will enhance the smart monitoring strategy of our critical care platform. I'm more convinced than ever in the tremendous opportunity to drive success for many years to come through our differentiated strategy of focus, innovation, and leadership. Turning to our financial performance. We're pleased to report nearly $1 billion of sales this quarter representing 9% sales growth on an underlying basis. This was consistent with our expectations driven by our broad portfolio of new technologies. In transcatheter aortic valve replacement, first quarter global sales were $59 million, up 10% on an underlying basis as expected. Recall that we previously forecasted our first quarter sales growth would be below our full-year range and that our sales growth rate would ramp following Q1. We grew at a slightly lower rate than the estimated global procedure growth due to a modest year-over-year share decline. We estimate our global competitive position was unchanged versus the fourth quarter and we continue to exercise price discipline holding global average selling prices stable. We continue to believe there is a large number of patients suffering from aortic stenosis who are either undiagnosed or untreated. We're investing more in programs to increase awareness, increase diagnosis, and improve referral patterns and help patients receive the care they need based on medical guidelines. One of our biggest investments is in clinical evidence to support indication expansion, and in March, the PARTNER 3 trial results were presented at the Annual ACC Scientific Session and published by The New England Journal of Medicine demonstrating that Edwards SAPIEN 3 valve proved superior to surgery. We were excited that these robust outcomes continued the steady and impressive progress that we have seen from the 17-year series of rigorous clinical experiences and trials which clearly support TAVR as a proven therapy for aortic stenosis patients. In the U.S., we estimate total TAVR procedures for the first quarter grew in the low-double-digits versus the prior year and our growth was comparable. Growth was highest in newer and smaller centers which provided access to a broader population of aortic stenosis patients. Patients continue to be treated through the PARTNER 3 low risk continued access protocol. Our guidance continues to assume receipt of a low risk indication late this year. We continue to enroll the U.S. pivotal trial to study our self-expanding CENTERA valve in intermediate risk patients. We estimate enrollment of this trial will be completed next year. The U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services or CMS recently released a draft with modernized NCD which we believe better reflects today's practices and the needs of patients. We commence CMS on the proposed policy and are encouraged to see elements within the draft NCD to enable patient access particularly underserved populations. And it would enable a future move toward measuring hospitals quality outcomes with metrics instead of procedural volume measure. We will provide input this week on the draft NCD which is expected to be posted on the CMS website shortly thereafter. We continue to assume any changes to the current NCD are unlikely to significantly affect our estimated long-term global TAVR opportunity. We expect the new NCD to be finalized by the end of June 2019. Outside the U.S., in the first quarter, we estimate total TAVR procedures grew in the low-double-digits while Edwards procedure growth on a year-over-year basis was slightly lower. We believe our competitive position remains stable versus the fourth quarter. We continue to see excellent longer-term opportunities for growth as we believe international adoption of TAVR therapy is still quite low. In Europe, we estimate the TAVR procedures grew low-double-digits and our growth was lower. Edwards growth in countries with lower TAVR adoption rates continue to outpace countries where the therapy is more established. We're implementing a disciplined commercial introduction of our SAPIEN 3 Ultra and CENTERA systems in Europe as we focus on achieving high procedural success rates and therefore did not significantly impact first quarter growth. We're receiving positive impact from physicians on the unique features offered by both technologies. In Japan, we continue to see strong TAVR adoption driven by SAPIEN 3 and new centers are being qualified. We believe aortic stenosis remains an immensely undertreated disease among the large elderly population in this country and continue to focus on expanding the availability of this therapy. In summary, we're encouraged by the recent strong PARTNER 3 evidence supporting the adoption of SAPIEN 3 which has reinforced our confidence in achieving our underlying sales growth for 2019 of 11% to 15%. It has also reinforced our confidence in the $7 billion opportunity by 2024. Turning to our Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid therapies, or TMTT, first quarter global revenue was approximately $4 million lifted by the initiation of our PASCAL Mitral launch in Europe. We were pleased to receive the CE Mark a couple of months earlier than expected. As we begin the commercial rollout of this differentiated and novel repair therapy, we remain focused on physician training, procedural success, and great outcomes for patients, and are pleased with our progress thus far. We also continue to treat patients commercially with our Cardioband Mitral and Tricuspid Annual Reduction Therapy transferring the production of Cardioband to other Edwards manufacturing facilities remains on track and we continue to expect supply constraints to be progressively lessened throughout 2019. On the political front, we continue to invest heavily in the advancement of our portfolio therapies for patients with Mitral and Tricuspid valve disease. And we are pleased to have treated patients with all of our therapies in the first quarter. Related to PASCAL, in the U.S., we are adding clinical sites and making progress with the enrollment of our CLASP IID pivotal trial to study PASCAL in primary or degenerative mitral valve disease. We also continue to expect the initiation of our CLASP IIF pivotal trial for patients with secondary or functional mitral valve disease in late 2019. In mitral valve replacement, we remain strong believers in our transseptal strategy and are pleased with the progress and early clinical results in both of our novel platforms. We continue to enroll patients in our EVOQUE early feasibility study and we're on track to initiate a U.S. pivotal trial of SAPIEN M3 in late 2019. In Transcatheter tricuspid repair, we're gaining significant clinical experience through our U.S. early feasibility studies for PASCAL, Cardioband, and PHARMA, and we expect to initiate a U.S. Tricuspid pivotal trial in late 2019. As shared previously, Abbott has filed multiple lawsuits against Edwards related to PASCAL in both the U.S. and Europe. Recently, the U.S. District Court in Delaware heard Abbott's motion for a preliminary injunction. We expect a favorable decision in the near future. Litigation does add risk but we plan to vigorously defend ourselves so that we can continue to provide our differentiated PASCAL therapy as a much needed option for undertreated patients. Overall, we remain enthusiastic about the opportunities to treat patients suffering from tricuspid and mitral valve disease with our transcatheter therapies. We're on track to achieve our 2019 milestones including achieving our revenue target and continuing enrollment in four pivotal studies. And you can expect to hear more in updates at DGK, the Cardiology Society in Germany, EuroPCR, and TVT Medical meetings. In summary, given our first quarter CE Mark for PASCAL, we have increased confidence in achieving approximately $40 million of total TMTT revenue for 2019. We continue to estimate the global TMTT opportunity to reach approximately $3 billion by 2024, and are passionate about bringing solutions for these deadly diseases and improving patient's lives around the world. In surgical structural heart, sales for the first quarter of $215 million were up 3.5% on an underlying basis. First quarter growth was lifted by the sales of premium products particularly through the adoption of the INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve which drove an increasing share of surgical aortic valve procedures. We have now successfully launched INSPIRIS in all major regions and are encouraged by the steady growth and adoption of this new class of resilient tissue valves. This valve is designed to be an attractive option for active patients and we have observed a continued trend of physicians treating younger patients with INSPIRIS versus traditional surgical tissue heart valves. Separately, we remain on track to begin treating patients with our Harpoon system in Europe by mid-2019. In summary, in surgical structural heart although the superiority results in PARTNER 3 are expected to provide an incremental headwind to our aortic surgical sales, we continue to be comfortable with our full-year underlying sales growth range of 1% to 3% based on our strong first quarter momentum. Even as TAVR adoption expands, we're excited about our ability to provide innovative surgical treatments for more patients and to extend our global leadership in surgical structural heart technologies. In critical care, sales for the quarter were $176 million and grew 11% on an underlying basis. All product lines contributed to this performance boosted by a surge of HemoSphere sales primarily in the U.S. HemoSphere our all-in-one monitoring platform is expected to be an important growth driver in 2019 as we continue with the full market launch of the platform with our FloTrac System and our Acumen Hypotension Predictive Index. This platform is designed to provide greater clarity on a patient's hemodynamics status, while introducing artificial intelligence to improve decision making. Last week, we completed the acquisition of CASMED a non-invasive cerebral oximetry monitoring technology company. We believe the incorporation of this technology into Edwards leading hemodynamic monitoring platform, along with our predictive analytics capability, will strengthen our leadership in smart monitoring technologies. CASMED's annual sales were $22 million in 2018 and we expect minimal impact on our underlying near-term sales growth and earnings from the CASMED acquisition as we work to integrate our technologies. In summary, given the fast start in Q1, we are more confident in achieving full-year 2019 underlying sales growth in critical care of 5% to 7%. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thanks Mike. We are pleased with our start to the year in which we generated underlying sales growth of 9% consistent with our expectations. TAVR sales were $598 million. As previously communicated, we expect our sales growth rate to ramp up following the first quarter as we introduce new products and benefit from the recent clinical evidence supporting TAVR therapy. Let me remind you that in addition to foreign exchange, our reported sales growth this quarter includes two prior-year adjustments. The first quarter of 2018 was impacted by adjustments related to our German stocking sales and surgical consignment conversion in the United States. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.32 higher than we anticipated as a result of better production efficiencies, a more favorable tax rate, and deferred expenses. GAAP earnings per share was $1.18 and was impacted by our previously announced $24 million charge related to the acquisition of Strategic Transcatheter Technology. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release. I'll now cover the details of our first quarter results and then discuss guidance for 2019. For the quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 76.7% compared to 74.5% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven primarily by the favorable impacts from foreign exchange and product mix. This quarter, we were pleased that operational efficiencies offset the continued investments in our manufacturing capacity. We continue to expect our full-year 2019 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 78%. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were $280 million or 28.2% of sales compared to $256 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by field personnel-related expenses partially offset by the weakening of the Euro against the Dollar. We continue to expect SG&A excluding special items to be between 28% and 29% of sales for the full-year 2019. Research and development expense in the quarter grew 20% over the prior year to $171 million or 17.3% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of significant investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs, including an increase in clinical research for the PASCAL system. For the full-year 2019, we continue to expect research and development excluding special items to be between 17% and 18% of sales. Turning to taxes, our reported tax rate was 10.2% for the quarter or 10.6% excluding the impact of special items. This rate included a 610 basis point benefit from the accounting for employee stock-based compensation which was 190 basis points or $0.03 favorable to our guidance expectation. Our rate also benefited from lower U.S. taxes on foreign earnings stemming from U.S. Tax Reform. We continue to expect our full-year 2019 tax rate excluding special items to be between 12% and 14%. Foreign exchange rates decreased first quarter sales growth by approximately 3% or $26 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we continue to estimate an approximate $60 million negative impact or about 1.5% to full-year 2019 sales compared to the prior year. FX rates positively impacted our first quarter gross margin by 180 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our January guidance, FX rates positively impacted earnings per share by about a penny reflecting our effective currency hedging program. Adjusted free cash flow for the first quarter was $139 million defined as cash flow from operating activities of $1 million, less capital spending of $42 million, and excluding a $180 million payment related to our previously announced global intellectual property litigation settlement. Our first quarter free cash flow is traditionally our lowest quarter during the year and we continue to expect full-year 2019 adjusted free cash flow to be between $800 million and $900 million. In the first quarter, we were on track in implementing capital expansion projects in line with our strategy to increase global capacity and redundancy. Turning to our balance sheet, at the end of the quarter we had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of $963 million. Total debt was $594 million. Average shares outstanding during the first quarter remained level with the prior quarter at $212 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2019 to be between $211 million and $213 million. Turning to our 2019 guidance, we remain confident in achieving our expectations for financial performance in 2019 including guidance of $3.9 billion to $4.3 billion in total sales for Edwards. Our guidance for underlying growth rates remains unchanged for Edwards and our product lines. We continue to expect TAVR sales of $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion, TMTT sales of approximately $40 million, and surgical sales of $810 million to $850 million. In light of critical care's fast start to 2019, and recent acquisition of CASMED, we now expect sales of $700 million to $750 million up from our previous guidance of $670 million to $710 million. For the full-year 2019, we are raising our adjusted earnings per share guidance range to $5.10 to $5.35, up from our previous guidance of $5.05 to $5.30. This increase was reflective of our Q1 performance and incorporates the CASMED acquisition. For the second quarter of 2019, at current foreign exchange rates, we project total sales to be between $1.02 billion and $1.08 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.27 to $1.37. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. The exciting developments that occurred so far this year reinforce our confidence and our focused innovation strategy and our longer-term outlook. And we anticipate a year of value creation as we pursue important therapies that will benefit many more patients. We look forward to launching a number of new technologies as well as achieving important milestones across all of our product lines. We're confident that our differentiated strategy and focus on leadership will continue to create value and benefit the patients we serve. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. We're ready to take questions now. In order to allow broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions please reenter the queue and management will answer as many as possible during the remainder of the call. [Operator Instructions]. One moment please we poll for questions. And thank you, our first question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. So maybe, Mike, I'll start with -- with the big picture question on, we had a positive ACC it looks like Q1 TAVR trends came in pretty much in line with how you guys thought it would play out. I'm just curious on there's a lot of speculation in the market rate in terms of what kind of acceleration that we could see for TAVR in the back half and the guidance at the high-end would imply at least 500 basis points of acceleration in the back half. I'm just curious on how should we be thinking of low risk. Is that going to be a contributor here in 2Q, it looks like the guidance had some contribution, how should we be thinking about share positions, is low risk going to improve your share position, we just saw that Boston got Lotus approved in the U.S. Can you just put all of those into context for us?
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Thanks, Vijay. Yes, so we expected obviously the PARTNER 3 Trial to be positive and that growth rates would accelerate moderately following Q1. And the early results have gone much the way we planned. So we really thought that this was the way, it would play out. In terms of share position, what -- well maybe I'll just back up for a second. So our guidance is unchanged in TAVR. When we issued our assumptions about competition, what we inferred is that Boston would get their approval mid-year and that there would be an approval of the portico technology by year-end. I don't know that any of those have meaningful impact on our guidance. The Boston information is new to us. It's not something that we had looked at but I don't anticipate that it's going to have a significant impact on our guidance.
Vijay Kumar: And maybe just on the CMS NCD, it looks like there were some pluses and some minus, right. So it looks like to maintain existing centers I think some of the standards were raised. I'm just curious I think in your prepared comments you said there were some positive elements. I'm -- can you help us think on the NCD as it stands, as it's proposed. Any impact there are all on the marker or for you guys in particular?
Mike Mussallem: Well, yes, we believe that the old NCD is outdated and clearly needed to be modernized. And so we really commence CMS untackling the challenge of improving access, while trying to protect the quality of the patient outcomes. And we're encouraged by the progress that they made. Directionally we feel like the draft moves in the right direction. It doesn't achieve equipoise between surgery and TAVR but it does offer the opportunity to expand patient access and we're optimistic that the final rule is going to be an improvement over the current NCD. We just recall, well this is just a draft, so it's going to be hard to be exact with our assumptions about the impact.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
David Lewis: Thanks. Just a couple of questions for me. First is talking about the market, Mike, I think you talked at Analyst Day about more stable share for 2019 obviously in the first quarter you talked about sort of global slight share loss. From here what are the drivers of acceleration throughout the balance of your incremental share capture. And how should we think about old trends in TAVR the next three quarters and simply do we expect you to be talking about share stability and share capture over the next three quarters and a quick follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So big picture we thought share was going to be pretty stable. We anticipated with new entrants in the U.S. that that would cost us some share but we also thought that we would do pretty well outside the U.S. So not a big change. One of the important things in addition to obviously the strength of the PARTNER 3 data is the introduction of Ultra and CENTERA. And as we indicated those really didn't have impact on our sales growth rate significantly in Q1 but were positive on the introduction of those products. We're just being very deliberate in terms of the way that we roll those out.
David Lewis: Okay. So you still believe stable share is the right way to think about 2019?
Mike Mussallem: I think it is overall.
David Lewis: Okay. And then two questions on guidance guys, one for Mike, one for Scott. Just TMTT was not expecting PASCAL to contribute as much this particular quarter. So Mike you're still thinking about the contribution of PASCAL and Cardioband the same way or should we have kind of larger expectations for PASCAL and maybe less so for Cardioband. And then for Mike, just on the guide for earnings beat by 10 raised by 5. Just kind of walk us to the bridge assuming currency was pretty neutral, I'm wondering is that just reinvestment or cash medical dilution? Thanks, thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, so certainly the fact that PASCAL came a couple of months earlier just reinforced our confidence in that. We always felt that there would be more PASCAL than there was Cardioband and the Cardioband is that supply situation is continuing to improve. But we're also very pleased with the introduction of PASCAL.
Scott Ullem: And David, it's Scott. On the guidance increase, we're increasing both ends of guidance by a nickel. And if you assume that we beat by about a dime versus our guidance for the first quarter. Keep in mind, we expect some higher spending in Qs two through four mostly because we have some delayed spending from the first quarter and continued investments that we're making in the business. Tax is also going to be a tailwind for the rest of the year versus our January guidance but it's not large enough to offset the higher spending.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Bob Hopkins: Great, thanks for taking the question. First question is just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the reaction to the data since the ACC Meeting on the low risk side. And the reason I asked the question is that obviously as you remember back in the intermediate risk data, well now, you drove a bolus of activity and revenue before the actual approval. And the low risk data, I think is even more impressive than the intermediate risk data. So I'm just curious what the reaction has been and is there any reason why you wouldn't see a similar type of reaction in the marketplace to the low risk data as you did with the intermediate risk data?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bob. You got to remember when we introduced that intermediate risk data; it was also at a time that we were launching SAPIEN 3. So there were a couple of things going on at the same time. We always assumed that there would be favorable trial results but we didn't assume superiority and we didn't think superiority was necessary to change practice. But having said that, it is a boost. We've heard a lot of favorable comments from clinicians. We just know from experience that practice of medicine changes pretty slowly with guideline changes, with education, with awareness. And so we're thoughtful about just how much that changes. And again probably think of it more as a ramp than a step.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. And then on PASCAL, I just wanted to get a little bit better sense for the launch. Could you just kind of help us understand where is PASCAL launched today in Europe and how does that rollout go over the course of the rest of the year. I understand you're keeping your guidance the same but I'm just curious where it's actually launched today. And also just specifically maybe now that PCR is right around the corner, what will we see on PASCAL and PCR?
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Thanks Bob. So again we've got the CE Mark a couple of months earlier than we expected and we are launching on a pretty controlled basis in Europe. We're very focused on physician training, procedural success, great outcomes because it's really a different procedure, it's a different technology than physicians have experienced in the past and we're very -- being very deliberate about that. They're ready for PASCAL and our early experience demonstrates that there are many patients that could benefit from this therapy. In terms of PCR, we do expect there to be data there but even before that at this meeting DGK, we would expect to see the mitral CE Mark trial. This is the class, the 62 patients at 30 days at that meeting. And I think you'll see some more information there. And then at PCR, there's a chance that we'll see six months results on that same group of patients.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lawrence Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, one on SAPIEN 3 Ultra, one on low risk. So, Mike, if you could give us a little bit more color on the launch of SAPIEN 3 Ultra in the U.S. and Europe, where are you in the process? And I'm asking because we've heard that there's been some issues with the sheath. Is there any validity to that?
Mike Mussallem: So I would just in general say that we've been more disciplined than we originally anticipated with Ultra. We've learned with experience that the system is different enough from SAPIEN 3 and that as we really try and drive super high performance. It's beneficial for us to be careful, and as you noted, it is a different sheath. And so it's something that clinicians need to learn. We've gotten very favorable feedback on the Ultra valve but I'll also tell you that SAPIEN 3 remains immensely popular with our clinicians. So we're rolling that out at this point. We only began launching in Germany just late in the quarter. So maybe that gives us some insight into how it's going.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Thanks for that, Mike. And then on low risk, just a two part question here, Mike. So first is FDA going to want to see the bicuspid registry data and the leaflet thrombosis data from PARTNER 3 before approving low risk? And if so what's the status of those two data sets. And then secondly Mike, what's your expectation for the label with low risk with regard to a native versus tricuspid valve. In other words is it possible that bicuspid could be off-label? Thanks for taking the question.
Mike Mussallem: That's a lot of questions, Larry. I hope I remember them all. So let me start from the beginning. We don't necessarily think that FDA is going to hold it up waiting for the registry on bicuspid. We think that what was submitted should be adequate for approval. I'll just add that bicuspid is not off-label today and we don't expect that to be a change when the new technology is ultimately approved. In terms of the questions about leaflet thrombosis, we're going to continue collecting that but we think that the data submitted is adequate for approval.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please proceed.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Mike, could you just confirm which tricuspid product do you expect to get into U.S. pivotal trial by the end of this year. I'm assuming that's Cardioband just based on what you said before. But I just wanted to confirm that?
Mike Mussallem: Now that's a good catch, Chris. We had a little subtle change actually into what we're guiding and you're right. We had indicated that it was going to be Cardioband first but at this point we have three technologies that are going through early feasibility studies. So that includes PHARMA, PASCAL, and Cardioband and we'd like to -- we're just trying to send a signal that we're going to fully evaluate that data before we make decisions. We're committed to start a pivotal trial by the end of the year but we're going to sort through that data first.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. And then just an update on the status of the Active trial that that had begun and then was paused, where are you guys with that at this point?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, so we did pause that trial while we're evaluating trial design and remember some of this was related to the fact that there was co-app data that was relatively new once that trial had started. So we plan to reinitiate that enrolment and get that going once we have that trial approved that we expect that to happen later in the year.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. And then just last one for me, I just wanted to understand your comments in the European TAVR market in the quarter. It sounded like things may have slowed down a little bit there versus what we saw in 2018. So would you characterize it that way? And then I just want to make sure from a competitive standpoint nothing has changed there in terms of stability versus where you were in 4Q?
Mike Mussallem: No, I think that's right, Chris. We do feel like the growth rate in Europe was a little slower, in terms of the total number of procedures, a little slower than it had been last year. Matter of fact, we think that was true globally. It was kind of interesting things seem to get off to a slower start in January almost around the globe. There may have been a little bit of an impact from billing days but it was a little bit slower growth in the quarter. We seem to see that in 2018 as well. So we're examining that more closely on a seasonal basis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Robbie Marcus: Hi, thanks for the question. So with first quarter coming in maybe a little bit below street estimates sort of in line with your guidance with superiority of the low risk trials, can you just help us understand the cadence of growth in TAVR to get to the midpoint of the guidance range and maybe help us understand growth in Japan versus U.S. versus Europe?
Mike Mussallem: Sure. As we've talked about in the past, right, we're probably better at predicting the long-term growth rates than we are the growth rate in a given quarter, there's a lot of things that influence it. We do think that there is going to be a sequential step-up in growth. We think the approval is important and so there we'll be -- we would think that what we would see in the near-term would be some of those borderline kind of patients whereas longer-term once we actually have an approval in place that that would help stimulate the growth of the overall number of procedures. What was the second part of your question? Oh yes, Japan. So, yes, Japan we keep talking about there's this is a tremendous number of elderly people and therefore elderly patients and we believe the AS burden is very large in Japan. And we've been very pleased with the growth rate in Japan but the addition of centers has been quite deliberate in Japan. And so that growth rate although very positive and a contributor to our overall growth has still continued to move at a relatively slow rate. And we look forward to unlocking the potential of that opportunity over the long-term.
Robbie Marcus: Maybe I could just do one quick follow-up. The cash flow at ex the $180 million settlement was negative in the first quarter. Just walk us through your confidence in hitting the guidance and how we should think about the rest of the year in terms of cash flow? Thanks.
Scott Ullem: Yes, it's Scott. Our -- yes, it was $181 million cash flow from operations if you add back the payment to Boston Scientific. Our overall cash flow estimates for the year have not changed dollars; we're still at $800 million to $900 million for free cash flow. Just remember the first quarter is always low just seasonally. We've got a lot of confidence that we're going to be on track to do the $800 million to $900 million for the full-year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel. Please proceed.
Rick Wise: Good afternoon everybody. Hi, Mike. Going back to ACC in the low risk data we saw from your major TAVR competitor, a couple of docs and centers I have spoken with recently are suggesting that the higher Pacer rate in the other dataset has prompted them to shift a little more in your direction in terms of share. Are you seeing that? Is that something that I know a lot of moving pieces in all these markets but is that an impact that you're seeing or we should expect to see?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Rick. Even though that feels like a long time ago, it really hasn't been so long since ACC and it's hard to deduce any significant trends at this point in time. In terms of the difference in pacemaker, that's probably best answered by doctors. You know that it's always challenging to compare various clinical trials but we're very proud of the results that we've generated in PARTNER 3 and we think the results speak for themselves.
Rick Wise: Okay. And back to mitral, I may have missed it. Did you all reiterate your $40 million projection for 2019; you may have apologized if I didn't hear it. And just reflecting on the first quarter number and you were asked another way but just help us think about the -- if $40 million is still a number for 2019. Help us maybe frame to ourselves a little better; the drivers is it the trials and the accelerating less headwinds for Cardioband, any incremental color would be great. Thank you so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks very much. So what we've said is that we have increased confidence in achieving the approximately $40 million sales for total TMTT in 2019. I will add that of course the litigation adds some risk to the sales projections. But overall we feel quite good about it. We think that there's going to be a ramp that lifts over time and PASCAL was just introduced partway through the first quarter. So we're pleased with the first quarter results. And as we indicated before, we think there's going to be more PASCAL sales than Cardioband. One of the things that's going to help out Cardioband is as we transfer production from the existing site into Edwards sites, we expect that supply condition to gradually improve. So yes, Cardioband will become more important but PASCAL will become more important at the same time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon and thank you for taking the questions. I want to understand a little bit better on the approach to selling CENTERA in Europe, similar to how you sort of outlined the Ultra marketing efforts. Could you please give us an update on CENTERA?
Mike Mussallem: Sure, Joanne. Yes, I think we would say that we probably have slowed down the launch of CENTERA versus our original rollout plan. The original plan called for minimal proctoring based on site feedback but we're increasing the training and the proctoring requirements and that's going to affect the ramp. So even though we get some very, very positive feedback from those folks that have gone through the training and the proctoring, we find that it is a valuable feature and so we've only gone to a limited number of centers so far and we look forward to ramping that up during the course of the year.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. And as a second question, I want to talk about pricing a little bit. What are you seeing out there on the competitive landscape in terms of average selling prices? And is there a stage at which you create internally sort of a two tier system to more competitively compete on price? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Joanne. So, no, we continue to see much of the same trends that we've talked about in the past in pricing. So pricing is pretty comparable in the U.S. today. In Europe, there's a big delta between us and let's say all of our competitors. We do not plan to implement a tiered pricing strategy. We -- our thought here is to introduce the very best technology that we have available and we think ultimately the Ultra Valve will be our workhorse product for Europe and the rest of the globe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed.
Jason Mills: Hi, Mike. Thanks for taking the question. You mentioned the newer and smaller centers grew faster. That's been a trend that you've talked about for several quarters. It seems though that the larger older centers if you will would be most prepared fundamentally to take advantage of perhaps screening more patient's vis--vis the low risk approval when it comes. Could you talk about whether or not that is the case in your mind and also as it relates to the at the center level, the bottleneck used to the screening process patients can come in, want TAVR, they didn't fit into the risk profile approved by FDA with that criteria sort of liberalized to some extent. How do you think that bottleneck will change if at all or will it get better at the center level? Will the bottleneck change to a different point or will it -- will be ameliorated to some extent altogether?
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Jason. Let me take a shot at answering your question, you can tell me if I get there or not. You're right. The big centers are the best prepared, they have the most experience and they're the best staffed in the business. And, yes, if we get some streamlining and modernizing the NCD, it clearly will improve that process and should lead to less patient visits and a process that's not as prolonged as it is today because even in the best centers, it can be painful. So having said that, so that sounds like it's going to ramp up. I'll also mention that it's the same large centers that also are taking on competing therapies like mitral and tricuspid. So they also have a little bit of split attention. So it's -- it's a little bit of a mixed bag. We have a difficult time being very accurate with that at this point.
Jason Mills: That's fair. And then just going back to the broad question about how low risk is going to impact the TAVR market in general not only in the United States but my question is really globally and also how your share comments fit into that. Do you expect low risk the data to over the next say four to eight quarters have an impact on acceleration not only in the United States but outside the United States and I guess to bring Japan into this discussion, I'm sure they look at these data. Do you think it will have an impact on the government with respect to how many centers they allow to do this procedure or do you think those data are compelling enough to move the needle there?
Mike Mussallem: All right, I'm going to take a shot at answering there are several questions there, Jason. First of all the data was really positive and we think it's going to have some profound impact in the long-term. As we've mentioned it's going to take some time to practice medicine changes slow for a number of reasons. Speaking of international, we've heard a lot of excitement from clinicians but we expect the impact to be a little bit more modest in the near-term because the guidelines are going to take some time to change, the actual low risk approval probably doesn't come till 2020. And also reimbursement is important in many of these countries and that's likely to change slowly. In Japan, although this data is going to be very powerful, one of the constraints there we believe is there is simply not enough centers to be able to handle the population and the referral patterns in that country. So there may be constraints that don't have a lot to do with the excellent PARTNER 3 data.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor with UBS. Please proceed.
Matt Taylor: Hi thanks for taking the question. So the first question I wanted to ask was just simply comparing qualitatively, what you expect from the ramp once you do get approval in reimbursement for low risk versus intermediate. Do you think it could be quicker the same slower. Do you have no opinion; the data once was very good at the time?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks. That's a tough one to call. We do think it's going to be a tailwind and it'll be favorable but again we expect more of a ramp with more of a long-term impact.
Matt Taylor: Okay. I just wanted to ask one follow-up on the NCD because for some of the smaller centers, we'll see how it ultimately shakes out with the final, it'll change things. And so I was wondering from your perspective as an organization do you have to do things differently to help them get over the hump. Are you preparing for that to help do some training for them or help them streamline their screening? What are you doing to help prepare for that?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So I'm not sure that the training is going to change, it's probably going to be the same. So many of the centers that need to be in there and obviously need to have established capabilities, they need to have the capability to handle catheter based procedures. They need to have surgical capability. Its just I think the new requirements make it accessible, the potential to make it accessible to a larger group of hospitals but there's still going to need if the draft is adopted 300 PCI's and so forth.  So there's a limitation. We don't expect the number of centers to approach for example to more than 1,100 centers that today do surgical valve replacements. But there is the potential for it to come up and we think that we'll be able to provide the support necessary.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Josh Jennings: Hi good evening, thanks for taking the questions. I was just hoping to start on SAPIEN 3 Ultra and hoping you could potentially remind us on how many patients you needed to get CE Mark and an FDA approval but really the root of my question is just whether or not we should be expecting SAPIEN 3 Ultra have a similar pacemaker rate as SAPIEN 3. I think the only design difference is the added spurt feature. But if you could help us with that just because the pacemaker rate was so low in the PARTNER 3 trial. I just wanted to sanity check expectations for the SAPIEN 3 Ultra pacemaker rate that is going to ultimately become the workhorse in that which portfolio?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Josh. See, I'm not going to comment on the number of patient's necessary for the CE Mark, I don't know that we would share that and I don't think I know it myself anyway. But in terms of the permanent pacemaker rate, I'd say we don't expect it to be very different because the frame is compact and our balloon expandable designs are relatively similar and very different from the designs that you'll see from our competitors self expanding designs. We think there really is going to be a difference but we're going to have to just see that play out in the data but we're not expecting it to be substantially different.
Josh Jennings: Thanks. And then just my follow-up there was some buzz generated at ACC around prosthesis patient mismatch and potentially self-expanding valves serving patients better that had small annulus. Can you just help us think about Edwards positioning in those small annulus cases and just wanted to again sanity check that you don't think that SAPIEN 3 has been losing share in those smaller valve patients. Thanks a lot for taking the questions.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Well you saw the distribution of valve sizes that was presented in the PARTNER 3 data and that had a full representation of all of our valve sizes and I think the results kind of speak for themselves. We had 99% of the patients that were alive and without significant stroke at a year in this really important dataset. So I think it kind of answers the question about patient prostheses mismatch. The data is sort of the ultimate arbitrator of that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Matt Miksic: Hi, thanks for taking our questions. Just two follow-ups for me. Mike, if I could on the small centers, the new centers that you mentioned contributing in the quarter, you talk a little bit about the pace of growth in these centers whether there's been any effect of either this anticipation of PARTNER 3 or anticipation of NCD that you've seen in terms of the patient growth and how do you remind us -- how you needed that to play out this year, where it might go over time. And one follow-up for Scott?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So I think what we're really saying is that if you take a look at the new centers, their growth rate was just higher than those centers, they're much larger and been around for a while. I don't know that that's really affected by the NCD or PARTNER 3, I think it's much more attributed to the fact this is a new group of patients and now they have some local referral pathway that wasn't available before and that's the key driver of their growth.
Matt Miksic: I see and I was actually speaking more of the growth of the number of centers. Like in other words, have you seen a pickup or a slowdown or a pause or anything around the number of new centers opening up just because of the things I mentioned?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So far the number of new centers has been pretty consistent here over the recent past. And if the draft NCD goes through it's likely to stay at a relatively consistent basis since there would be more centers added, we think they would be added gradually. But again we don't think it comes anywhere close to approaching the number of centers of the 1,100 plus centers that do surgical AVR.
Matt Miksic: Got it. Thanks. And then, Scott, if you could, you mentioned the manufacturing efficiencies, it sounded like they were sort of a pleasant surprise in offsetting some of the investments that you've been making in capacity. Can you talk about that a little bit and the sustainability of that and quantify it or any color you can provide as to how that worked?
Scott Ullem: Sure. So we actually gave a little bit of a preview to this at the Investor Conference in December and we had a slide that outlined some of the initiatives that we're really focused on including improving our yields. I'm really leaning out our operations getting harmonized across our different facilities around the world and making sure the logistics are as efficient as they can be. And then we also spend a lot of time focused on our supplier base and trying to make sure that we're being as efficient as possible and supplying components for different products. So all that together has left us in a pretty favorable position not just in the first quarter, we think for the rest of the year as well that efficiencies may be able to offset the incremental expense associated with the continued investment in our capacity and making sure we've got redundant production facilities around the world.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Bruce Nudell: Hi guys. Good afternoon. Most of the questions have of course been asked, but, Mike, just on a qualitative level, what's been the reaction of patients and physicians to PARTNER 3 and Mick Jagger effect, I should add just given especially in PARTNER 3 what looks like a very discernible benefit in hard outcomes. I mean how eye popping is this to your clinician base and what responses patients had?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bruce. Yes, you said it right. There's been an incredible amount of excitement around this, it was really eye popping data and the clinicians were truly thrilled especially those that have been held long history with this therapy and have seen it over the many years just get better and better. And this really feel like a big moment, I think for those of us that are very close to this and for the clinicians as well we felt like this was one of those top 10 moments in the history of the treatment of heart valves that good to see these kind of results. So it was amazing. I'd say the results were even beyond our own expectations. But having said that, we know Ultra valve that the practice of medicine changes relatively slowly and it's going to take approval and coverage in the rest of it to happen. But we're really encouraged on a long-term basis.
Bruce Nudell: And the one thing I did notice about the proposed for the NCD was it did look like the volume requirements have gone up for -- not for starting an institution or a program but rather maintaining one. Do you feel that's an area of optimization or do you think the 40 SAVR plus TAVR cases per year is about the right level? And how much of an impact might that have on sites that can participate?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, well you know from a big picture perspective, we look forward to the day. We're not measuring quality with a surrogate like volume. So I look forward to that becoming the reality. But having said that, I do think CMS was more moderate in terms of the volume requirements and we're not particularly alarmed by the requirements to maintain the program.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from the line of Danielle Antalffy with SVB Leerink. Please proceed.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey guys. Good afternoon. Thank you so much for taking the question. And Mike, sorry to ask this question again. I feel like you have addressed it but I guess it's just curious on maybe a little bit more color about what gives you confidence in the growth acceleration as we move through the year. I appreciate the low risk indication but are you having conversations with the centers about their expected volume increases that gives you that confidence because it is a pretty meaningful growth acceleration? And then follow-up question I'll just ask it, now I know we're at the end of the call, but you guys talked about at the ACC at the Analyst meeting about the potential impact to intermediate risk patients and really blowing the doors off that, I mean those are my words sorry but really opening up that opportunity and accelerating penetration there. I know it was only two weeks in the quarter but did you start to see that after we saw the low risk data? Thank you so much.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. So the two things, one is why do we think that the volume is going to go up. We just think that that data that was presented at ACC and the New England Journal was really compelling data and that it will stimulate the growth of the market. Secondly, we think the new products are very much making a difference as well. And so we look forward to that. And that's going to be -- that's going to be important. And the NCD could have some impact even beyond that so all those are favorable. In terms of what we've seen before or what we've seen so far. I would say it's going very much as planned. We expected it to be positive and it's very early to do any predicting but things are at this point proceeding much the way that we anticipated.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks for the question. Well the shot clock is running out on this call. And I want to thank everybody for their continued interest in Edwards. And Scott and I welcome any additional questions by telephone.
Operator: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying sales and growth rates and announced adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of the website at Edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and use the conference number 13688682. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the investor relations section of the Edwards Lifesciences website. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-31 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Fourth Quarter 2018 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our fourth quarter 2018 financial results. During todays call, well discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during todays call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include but arent limited to financial guidance, expectations for product opportunities, commercial trends, clinical trials, litigation, new product approvals, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our Web site at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and adjusted, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in todays press release and on our Web site. Finally, please note that because the SAPIEN 3 low risk data will be presented just six weeks from now, we will not be making any further statements or answering questions about expected results of the trial. Accordingly, we are not updating, withdrawing or supplementing any of our prior statements related to this topic. We would appreciate you respecting our request given the timing. And now I will turn the call over to Michael Mussallem. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, David. We are pleased to report strong fourth quarter total adjusted sales of $983 million or 10% sales growth on an underlying basis, consistent with our expectations, driven by our portfolio of innovative technologies. For the full year 2018, we also reported 10% growth on an underlying basis and over $3.8 billion in sales also in line with our guidance. Profitability was strong in 2018 with adjusted EPS growing over 20%, even as we continue to invest aggressively in our innovation initiatives and infrastructure. As you heard at our investor conference last month, we are as convinced as ever in the tremendous opportunity to improve patients' lives by addressing deadly conditions and bringing significant value to the healthcare system. In Transcatheter Heart Valve therapies, global sales for the fourth quarter were $592 million, up 11% on an underlying basis and over 12% for the full year. We estimate global TAVR procedures this quarter continue to grow in the mid-teens. Our worldwide sales grew at a lower rate due to a modest year-over-year share decline as we continue to exercise price discipline and hold global average selling prices stable. We estimate our global competitive position remain stable in the second half of the year. Also late in the quarter, we were pleased to receive approvals for our SAPIEN 3 Ultra system in Europe and the U.S. We believe this therapy will bring significant value to patients and providers. As highlighted at our investor conference, we believe there are a large number of patients suffering from aortic stenosis who are either undiagnosed or untreated. We're investing in programs to increase awareness, increase diagnosis, improve referral patterns and help patients receive the care they need based on medical guidelines. In the U.S., total TAVR procedures for the fourth quarter grew in the mid-teens versus the prior year and our growth was comparable. Growth was highest in newer and smaller centers, which are providing access to a broader population of aortic stenosis patients. We continue to enroll the U.S. pivotal trial to study our self-expanding CENTERA valve in intermediate risk patients. We estimate enrollment of this trial will be completed next year. In the fourth quarter, we continued to enroll our continued access protocol for our U.S. PARTNER 3 trial. A late breaker presentation of the PARTNER 3 trial results is scheduled for the ACC scientific session in March, and our guidance continues to assume receipt of a low-risk indication late this year. CMS is currently in the process of formulating a draft provision to the National Coverage Determination or NCD, which we expect to be released at the end of March for public comment. We assume any changes to the current NCD are unlikely to significantly affect the global TAVR opportunity. We expect the new NCD to be finalized by the end of June 2019. Outside the U.S., in the fourth quarter, we estimate TAVR procedures continued to grow in the mid-teens, while Edwards' procedures grew in the low double digits year-over-year. We continue to see excellent long-term opportunities for growth as we believe international adoption of TAVR therapy is still quite low. In Europe, we estimate that TAVR procedures grew at an impressive mid-teens rate. Growth in countries of lower TAVR adoption rates continue to outpace countries where the therapy is more established. On a year-over-year basis, we experienced some expected share loss. However, our share continued to be stable on a sequential basis. We are continuing to control commercial introduction of our SAPIEN 3 Ultra and CENTERA systems in Europe as we focus on achieving high procedural success rates. While early, we are receiving positive feedback from clinicians on the unique features offered by both products and the potential of streamlining the procedure and have meaningful impact on patient outcomes. Our plans are to replace SAPIEN 3 with SAPIEN 3 Ultra as the market-leading therapy in Europe. In Japan, we continued to see strong TAVR adoption, driven by SAPIEN 3 and new centers are being qualified. This is our fastest growing region in the fourth quarter where we believe aortic stenosis remains an immensely undertreated disease among the large elderly population. Earlier this month, we reached an agreement with Boston Scientific to settle all outstanding patent litigation. We are pleased with this conclusion that allows us to move forward, dedicating our time and resources to advancing our innovations and helping patients. In summary, we are encouraged by the continuing strength of our TAVR adoption globally and continue to expect our underlying sales growth for 2019 to be 11% to 15%. We expect our sales growth rate to ramp up, following Q1 as we introduce new products and continue to develop strong clinical evidence supporting this therapy. We are committed to maintaining our leadership in TAVR, which remains a large global opportunity that we estimate will double in size and reach approximately $7 billion by 2024. Turning to our Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid therapies, or TMTT. We remain enthusiastic about the opportunities to treat the many patients suffering from these deadly heart valve diseases. As we previously outlined, we continued to invest aggressively in our portfolio and plan to achieve significant milestones in 2019. You can expect to hear incremental updates at medical meetings this year and today, I will provide some select updates. Beginning with transcatheter mitral repair, we've made some progress toward obtaining a CE mark for the Pascal transcatheter valve repair system. In the U.S., clinicians are treating patients in the CLASP IID pivotal trial to study PASCAL in degenerative mitral disease, and we are activating new sites. We continue to expect the initiation of our CLASP IIF pivotal trial for patients with functional mitral disease in late 2019. We were disappointed to learn earlier this week that Abbott is pursuing patent litigation regarding our PASCAL system in the U.S., UK and Germany. PASCAL represents the culmination of 20 years of innovation by Edwards to develop a novel differentiated and more advanced platform for patients in need. The IP landscape for transcatheter mitral therapies is complex and crowded. In fact, Edwards owns an impressive portfolio of intellectual property in this space. We plan to vigorously defend ourselves and are currently evaluating a range of responses. Patients continue to be treated commercially in Europe with Cardioband. As expected, fourth quarter sales were limited to $1 million due to the ongoing supply constraints. We are continuing to transfer the production of this platform to other Edwards manufacturing facilities in order to fortify our near-term supply and scale for long-term volume expectations. This process remains on track and we continue to expect supply to progressively improve throughout 2019. As this therapy advances, we believe that the annular reduction provided by Cardioband can be an important first-line treatment for many mitral patients. In mitral replacement, we continue to see significant progress in both of our novel platforms and remain strong believers in our transseptal strategy. We have initiated our U.S. early feasibility study for EVOQUE and are encouraged by the early clinical results. We are also continuing to enroll patients in a U.S. early feasibility study for SAPIEN M3 and plan to initiate a U.S. pivotal trial in late 2019. In transcatheter tricuspid repair, again, constrained by supply, clinicians continue to treat a limited number of patients in Europe with our Cardioband tricuspid system and we've received positive feedback on this therapy. In the U.S. clinicians are treating patients in our early feasibility study. In summary, our guidance for total TMTT revenue assumes approximately $40 million for 2019. We continue to estimate the global TMTT opportunity to reach approximately $3 billion by 2024 and are passionate about bringing these solutions to these deadly diseases and improving patients' lives around the world. In surgical structural heart, adjusted sales for the fourth quarter of $212 million were up approximately 5.5% on an underlying basis, excluding the impact of the consignment inventory conversion, which is now complete. For the full year, underlying growth in this product line was 3%. Fourth quarter growth was driven by solid aortic unit volume and continued adoption of our newer premium aortic valves. We are continuing to launch our INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve in all major regions, and are encouraged by the strong adoption of this new class of resilient tissue valves. This valve is designed to be an attractive option for active patients, and we've observed a trend of physicians treating younger patients with INSPIRIS versus traditional heart valves. We have begun enrolling our RESILIENT trial, a prospective study to evaluate durability of RESILIA surgical tissue valves in patients under 65. And we remain on track to begin treating patients with our Harpoon system in Europe by midyear 2019. In summary, in surgical structural heart, we continue to expect full-year 2019 underlying sales growth to be 1% to 3%. And even as TAVR adoption expands, we are excited about our ability to provide innovative surgical treatment options for more patients and expand our global leadership in surgical structural heart technologies. In critical care, sales for the quarter were $178 million and grew 10% on an underlying basis. For the full year, underlying sales grew 11%. This quarter's performance was strong across all of our critical care product categories, led by the healthy demand for HemoSphere and the continued growth of enhanced recovery. Sales in the U.S. continue to be robust this quarter. HemoSphere, our next generation all-in-one monitoring platform that is replacing our existing monitoring system continues to receive excellent feedback from clinicians. This platform is designed to provide greater clarity on a patient's hemodynamic status and enables our artificial intelligence capabilities. This new monitor should continue to be an important growth driver for our critical care product line, although, year-over-year comparisons will become more difficult in 2019. In the fourth quarter, we are pleased to announce FDA clearance of our Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index software, or HPI, for use on HemoSphere. This platform is expected to be an important growth driver for 2019 and the commercial launch is underway. We continue to collect clinical evidence on this technology, which introduces artificial intelligence to hemodynamic monitoring through a machine learning data-driven algorithm that indicates the likelihood of a hypotensive or low blood pressure event before it occurs. Additionally, we are on track with our assisted fluid management clinical trial in the U.S., which we have also described in our investor conference. In summary, we continue to expect 2019 underlying sales growth of 5% to 7% as comparisons become more difficult throughout the year. We remain excited about our pipeline to innovate critical care products and look forward to continuing our global rollout of HemoSphere. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thank you, Mike. I'm pleased to report that our strong finish to the year enable us to broadly meet or exceed our guidance for 2018. Today, I'll provide a wrap-up of 2018, including detailed results from the fourth quarter, as well as provide guidance for the full year and first quarter of 2019. For the full year 2018, adjusted sales increased 10% on an underlying basis to $3.8 billion. Adjusted earnings per share grew 24% to $4.70, and we generated $786 million of adjusted free cash flow. We are also pleased to invest in growth initiatives even more than originally planned in 2018 due to the benefit of U.S. tax reform that reduced our effective tax rate by approximately 400 basis points. We utilized the savings of over $40 million to hire new employees, accelerate research and development initiatives and contribute more to employee retirement accounts, while also growing earnings. And after recognizing the new tax on unrepatriated earnings, we were able to utilize cash formally trapped outside the U.S. to fund the growth investments, expansion of our facilities and share repurchases to offset dilution from stock option exercises. Unfortunately, the suspension of the medical device excise tax is scheduled to expire at the end of 2019. And if it is not repealed, it will largely consume the savings from tax reform. Consistent with prior quarters this year, adjusted sales excluded sales return reserve related to our conversion to a consignment inventory model for surgical valves in the U.S., which was $5 million in the fourth quarter. As planned, we completed the conversion process in 2018 with a full year negative impact to reported sales of $83 million. Adjusted sales in the fourth quarter grew 10% on an underlying basis, and adjusted earnings per share grew 24% to $1.17 versus the prior year. GAAP earnings per share was $0.03, which included several one-time adjustments, primarily a non-cash charge of $116 million, or $0.52 per share related to the impairment of Cardioband intangible assets that I discussed at last month's investor conference; and a $180 million charge, or $0.65 per share related to the previously announced settlement of the patent disputes. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release. I'll now cover the details of our results and then discuss guidance for 2019. For the fourth quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 76.1% compared to 73.8% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven by favorable foreign exchange, the benefit of a more profitable product mix and the absence of last year's expenses associated with the closure of our manufacturing plant in Switzerland. These benefits were partially offset by continued investments in manufacturing capacity. We continue to expect our 2019 adjusted gross profit margin to be between 76% and 78%. Our rate should be lifted primarily by foreign exchange along with an improved product mix, tempered by capacity investments. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were $288 million or 29% of sales, compared to $273 million in the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by TAVR therapy adoption initiatives, partially offset by lower reported expenses outside the United States due to the stronger U.S. dollar. We continue to expect SG&A excluding special items to be between 28% and 29% of sales for the full year 2019, which includes the continued suspension of the medical device excise tax until the end of this year. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 11% to $163 million or 16.7% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs, including spending on clinical trials. For the full year 2019, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 17% and 18% as we invest in clinical trials to expand indications and develop new technologies. Regarding taxes, we recorded a tax benefit to earnings this quarter due to deductions, resulting from our litigation settlement and intangible asset impairment. Excluding the impact of these and other special items, our tax rate this quarter would have been 17.2%. This rate includes an approximate 200 basis point benefit from the accounting for employee stock-based compensation consistent with our guidance. Our full year tax rate in 2018, excluding special items, was 13.4% and we continue to expect our full year rate in 2019 to be between 12% and 14%. Foreign exchange rates decreased fourth quarter sales growth by 1.6% or $14 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect an approximate $60 million negative impact or about 1.5% to full year 2019 sales compared to 2018. FX rates positively impacted our fourth quarter gross profit margin by 110 basis points compared to the prior year. Relative to our October guidance, FX rates positively impacted earnings per share by about a penny, reflecting our effective currency hedging program. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was $235 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $293 million less capital spending of $58 million. For the full year 2018, adjusted free cash flow was $786 million. Turning to our balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short term investments of $956 million. Total debt was $594 million. We repurchased 1.8 million shares during the quarter for $272 million, including the $250 million accelerated share repurchase we announced at the December Investor Conference, as well as additional shares repurchased through a 10B5 program. As a result of these repurchases, average shares outstanding during the quarter declined to $212 million. It is notable that in the past two years, we have reduced fully diluted shares outstanding by approximately 2.6% or 6 million shares. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2019 to be between $211 million and $213 million. Before turning the call back over to Mike, I'll finish with guidance for 2019. Our full year sales guidance ranges communicated at the investor conference last month remain unchanged; for transcatheter aortic valve replacement, we continue to expect a range of $2.4 billion to $2.7 billion; for surgical structural heart, $810 million to $850 million; for critical care, $670 million to $710 million; and for TMTT, sales of approximately $40 million. For Total Edwards, we expect sales in 2019 of $3.9 billion to $4.3 billion. For the full year 2019, we continue to expect adjusted earnings per share of $5.05 to $5.30 and free cash flow, excluding special items of $800 million to $900 million. For the first quarter of 2019, we project total sales to be between $950 million and $1.01 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $1.15 to $1.25. And with that, I'll pass it back to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. Our strong 2018 performance reinforces our confidence in our focused innovation strategy and our longer term outlook, and we anticipate an exciting 2019 as we pursue important therapies that will benefit many more patients. We look forward to launching a number of new technologies, as well as achieving meaningful milestones across our product lines. We are confident that our differentiated strategy and focus on leadership will continue to create value and benefit the patients we serve. With that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. Before we open up for questions, please note that Edwards is planning to host an analyst meeting at ACC on Sunday, March 17th. This meeting will be webcast for those who cannot attend in person. More information will be available in the coming weeks. We are ready to questions now. In order to allow broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions to one plus one follow-up. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the call. Operator, please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Hopkins: Just wanted to start out with a pipeline question related to mitral and then I had a follow-up on the first quarter guidance that you're providing. To start with the pipeline question, on mitral valve repair, I'm just curious on PASCAL. Will we see some European PASCAL data at ACC or PCR? Just give us a sense of when we will see some PASCAL data and what exactly we will see?
Mike Mussallem: No, we are not expecting any data from PASCAL at ACC. We would expect to see PASCAL data later in the year at PCR. There is a German meeting called DGK, which might also share some PASCAL data, so that might be the first time that you see some of that CE Mark data.
Bob Hopkins: And so expecting midyear approval?
Mike Mussallem: Thats correct.
Bob Hopkins: And then on the first quarter, either for Mike or for Scott, I'm sure the recent questions on the earnings side, given it is below where the consensus is. But I wanted to ask about on the top line. The numbers you gave us. Can you give us a sense what growth rate that assumes? And I know at the analyst day you said growth would be lower in the first quarter. But maybe if you could just walk us through the revenue guidance to start, especially in light of the fact that you're launching new TAVR launches. I would expect those you could start to see some, perhaps some acceleration in TAVR growth in the first quarter, because of those launches. So I just wanted to ask a little bit about the Q1 revenue growth guide.
Scott Ullem: So let me just take through the full year underlying growth rate guidance, which for total Edwards is 9% to 12%; TAVR 11% to 15%; for TMTT, we're starting from a really small base call it several million dollars in 2018. So the growth rate is not meaningful, but we're targeting around $40 million in revenues for 2019; surgical structural heart 1% to 3% underlying growth and critical care 5% to 7%. So to your question about TAVR in the first quarter, we're going to continue to grow, but a lot of the growth drivers in TAVR hit after the first quarter, such as the new products that Mike talked about and the clinical evidence that we are going to be continuing to develop during 2019. For TMTT similarly, we'll start to see new products being recorded at the sales line as we get later into 2019, and as we start seeing some of the supply constraints continue to alleviate that have been affecting Cardioband. In critical care, now we probably came out of the fourth quarter stronger than we expected. And that may accrue to our benefit in the first quarter. But overall, you should expect that first quarter sales and underlying growth year-over-year for Edwards will be lower than the rest of the year. In fact, it might be lower than the bottom end of that 9% to 12% range. This is something we highlighted at the Investor Conference last month. We mentioned it again at the JPMorgan Conference earlier this month. But overall, we're really positive on a very successful growth here in 2019.
Mike Mussallem: And I'll just add Bob, particularly on the TAVR numbers. Rather than us trying to score a touchdown in the first quarter, we're executing a playbook where we very carefully try and rollout these technologies, because the SAPIEN 3 safety has such a strong track record clinically that we really feel like we want to have an outstanding launch of the Ultra valve and CENTERA. They are different. They behave different in the hands of clinicians. And we're being very thoughtful about that.
Bob Hopkins: But no changes since the Analyst Day really, there is nothing changing in the guidance as it relates to Q1 or how the year is developing.
Scott Ullem: No changes in the guidance for the year since the Analyst Day last month, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Isaac Ro: First question is on the Commercial Org. Just hoping, Scott, if you could maybe help qualify the investments that you're making in the commercial organization ahead of the low risk indication that you guys expect later this year. And the reason I ask you is I'm just thinking about how any incremental spending will ramp over the course of the year assuming the date is good at ACC.
Scott Ullem: So we've been investing in the commercial organization, both in Europe and in the U.S. to support growth in TMTT and TAVR, in particular and we're going to continue to do that. But you shouldn't expect that it's going to be a big stair step just because we've been doing this on orderly fashion overtime. In the fourth quarter, SG&A as a percentage of sales of was 29.3%, which is little bit higher than our full year guidance, but SG&A expense is only grew about 6%. So expect that we're going to be continuing to grow at that rate that we talked about at the Investor Conference, 28% to 29%. The other thing that we're doing on the SG&A line is continuing to divest in therapy development initiatives, and making sure that we are making patients and physicians, clinicians aware of therapeutic alternatives. And so we're investing more aggressively going forward than we have in the past.
Isaac Ro: And then just to follow, on Europe. Appreciated your comments regarding the hand off that you expect from S3 over Ultra and CENTERA. I'm kind of curious how quickly you expect that to play out this year. And what that means for ASPs in TAVR into region or maybe globally? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: I mean ultimately we expect the ultra valve to replace SAPIEN 3. We havent put ourselves on a strict timetable. What we were putting a premium on is to have outstanding results. But we would like to move that right along. I expect the bulk of the volume to certainly moving Europe by the end of the year, but we dont have a firm number there. Isaac, this is really more or less driven by our ability to execute at an extremely high level. In terms of ASP, we would expect -- if you go really big picture that we would see some modest ASP declines thats associated with volume discounts. But other than that, we are very disciplined pricers, so we dont expect this to be much different.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Lewis: I'll just start with Scott, and then I have a follow up after that. Scott, at Analyst Day, you suggested there were some allotments that were made for the Boston legal dynamics, and now I'm thinking about '19. Ultra can come to Germany. There is no UK injunction coming up in May. So what impact now does that have on guidance?
Scott Ullem: I think it probably doesnt -- it doesnt change our guidance specifically. It might de-risk some of the guidance and sales that we provided for TAVR. But it doesnt fundamentally change our guidance at all, David.
David Lewis: Mike, just two questions for you, the first is just you talked about at Analyst Day modest share loss in the U.S. and stability ex-U.S. And given the learnings that you have from CENTERA and Ultra in the fourth quarter, I wonder if you can just comment on how you are feeling about those expectations here end of January based on the fourth quarter knowledge? And then just a follow up on Bob's question. Do you still intend to launch PASCAL mid '19 if you don't have an injunction?
Mike Mussallem: First of all on your first question, no our assumptions really have not changed since our investor conference. We continue to get positive reinforcement from our clinicians on what they have seen of Ultra and CENTERA. Although, we would admit that this is still early feedback and so we are proceeding there. So nothing that's really changed that. And then your second question was about what we expect for launch. We expect the European launch by mid-2019, and really haven't changed anything in that regard.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Larry Biegelsen: One strategic question for you, Mike. One guidance question for you, Scott. So Mike you recently hired a new Chief Scientific Officer who is very well-regarded in the cardiovascular space, but I believe his focus is outside of structural heart disease. So what's his mandate going to be at Edwards? And should we expect to see any change in the company's focus or will you remain hyper focused in structural heart? And I'll just throw in the second question for Scott. The follow up to Bob's earlier question on Q1 EPS, I think at the midpoint, it's down year-over-year. So can you help us understand why that might be?
Mike Mussallem: So we are very pleased that Dr. Todd Britten is running our organization as a Chief Scientific Officer. He has got a tremendous background as both an engineer and a physician. And we think he is going to bring a lot to our company. The short answer is no, absolutely nothing is changing in terms of our hyper focus of our strategy. We are going to remain totally focused on structural heart disease and critical care technologies. Todd brings with him a lot of expertise and we expect him to just help us even be more successful in the future than we have been in the past.
Scott Ullem: And Larry on the EPS for 2019. If I were to look down at my risk band playbook, I'd say we're going to continue to invest aggressively in some of our growth initiatives that hit the R&D line and the SG&A line. And the sales growth as I mentioned before, it doesn't kick in earnest until post the first quarter. So you're right. First quarter EPS estimates at the midpoint would lag Q1 of 2018 and that's the reason.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Vijay Kumar: Maybe one on TAVR just focusing on 4Q. Mike, it looks like U.S. was stable during Q-on-Q, maybe international was a little bit softer. How much of this is just maybe the market softening a little bit? Because I think Medtronic was commenting what maybe -- the overall market maybe softening a little bit. And I think I saw something of our shares being stable. So maybe can you talk about shares Q-on-Q and what happened to market growth?
Mike Mussallem: I can give you an estimate of what's going on. So, we still think that the overall global market is growing in the mid-teens. And we think the U.S. and OUS actually are at very similar levels of growth there. Is it possible that the market grew a little bit less in the fourth quarter? It could have. It gets very difficult, especially the last two weeks of December to be very accurate in terms of estimating this just one implant for account for that dramatic impact on results. And so very difficult, I wouldn't take that as a big signal. In terms of the competitive positioning, we think that's been quite stable overall on a sequential basis, both inside and outside the U.S.
Vijay Kumar: And then maybe one for Scott. Scott, it looks like the FX benefit gross margins in the Q. And it looks like the benefit for Q1 should be higher just given how the hedges impact the gross margin line. I'm having a hard time on the EPS one. Is there anything on the R&D line, which is you may have a big step up in Q1. So maybe just help us understand the Q1 dynamics?
Scott Ullem: Well, let me start with your first question on the fourth quarter and just take you through the impact of FX if you look down the P&L; sales, we mentioned before 1.6% lighter due to a strengthening dollar; gross profit margin benefitted by over 100 basis points in Q4; R&D came down a little bit; and SG&A was little bit lower again as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar. And earnings in Q4 benefitted to the tune of about $0.03. If you roll forward to fiscal 2019, we were expecting a $90 million headwind in sales last month at the investor conference. At current rates, that looks more like $60 million of the headwind. And you're right in terms of gross profit benefit from FX it's probably closer to couple of hundred basis points in the full year 2019. And that should help our EPS a little bit as well when you go down to the bottom line. Although again it's at current rates and those move around at a one factor EPS forecast as we get into the year.
Vijay Kumar: And just anything on the R&D line? I think gross margin sequentially, I'm having a hard time I guess coming into the EPS for Q1.
Scott Ullem: So R&D will come down a little bit and SG&A will come down a little bit. Again, as a result of FX, most of those expenses in R&D hit us in the U.S. There is relatively little in R&D that we realized from outside of the United States.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Mills: Scott, I would like to start with you. And I apologize in advance for the question, because I wanted to set it up. As you look at your P&L over the last three years, including the guidance for 2018. You have spent about the same percentage on SG&A the last two years, and you plan to spend similarly this year. You are growing your R&D and you are also growing your top line and your gross margin line. And so that's been the primary contributor along with tax rate improvements and share buybacks to drive a faster earnings growth line. I just like you to maybe get a peak under the covers with respect to how conceptually you are thinking about your P&L as a company, and specifically the middle of the P&L leverage that you might or might not still have. As you look forward, understanding you have only given us one year forward guidance. But just conceptually, whether or not we as outsiders should expect or model as we model longer-term to see leverage in the middle of the P&L?
Mike Mussallem: Scott, why dont I answer the first part of this and then toss you the football. First of all, our focus is on top line growth. And given the value of the innovations from Edwards, we really feel like the investments that we make to drive that top line, we get a very good return on. And Scott, why dont you comment on how you feel the rest of the P&L should be viewed?
Scott Ullem: I mean, we have been -- as you mentioned, Jason, we've been investing aggressively in R&D and SG&A to help support organic top line growth, which is our number one financial priority. We still have been able to drive bottom line growth. And in 2018, most of that bottom line growth was supported from tax legislation, because our expenses have been growing even higher than the top end -- than the top line for a while. Overtime though, longer term, we are expecting that R&D as a percentage of sales should come down. We are expecting the top line to grow faster than expenses. Now it's not a direct line down, because the clinical trial expenses are lumpy. And as trials ramping up we get more R&D that hits the income statement, as it rolls off then we get a little bit of benefit to the income statement. But overtime you should see R&D as a percentage of sales to come down from that 17% to 18% level that we are expecting this year. SG&A as a percentage of sales 28% to 29%, we are running at a level that we think is sustainable. And while we would like to get some better utilization and efficiencies on our backend and administrative expenses, we think we are investing the right level in the field that we are going to continue to invest with physician facing resources as business continues to grow. Net all of that out, we are expecting that we should get some lift in operating margin and some lift in EPS. It will grow faster than the top line. In 2019, or 2018 rather, we got a little bit of pickup in operating margin. We finished 2017 at about 30% operating margin as a percentage of sales, which is about 30.3% in 2018, so a little bit left as we have guided. And our desire is to continue to do that. If we wanted to really turbo-charge earnings, we could do it easily if we cut into R&D and SG&A. But our plan again and our priority is to continue to invest to grow top line over the long-term.
Jason Mills: And then Mike a much more brief question for you. Maybe you've been asked this several times I'm sure since TCT with COAPT. Have you seen any demonstrable changes in the pace of screening or the level of interest in any form that you might be willing to talk about as it relates to the repair or replacement trials that either you are conducting and you're conducting the most that I know of? Or in any of the other trials other companies do? And just generally speaking pace of the screening enrollment interest level?
Mike Mussallem: There is nothing there that's obvious, Jason. And just big picture, it does not change our strategy. It just reinforces our confidence as we have been before. We're very committed to developing this portfolio of these innovative therapies for people that need mitral and tricuspid treatment. We were big believers before that happened and we'll continue to be believers now. I think that's an inevitable that more patients are going to be treated as we have really safe and effective therapies.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Joanne Wuensch: Most of our focus remains on the U.S., Europe and Japan, but there is a world out there. Could you give us an update on plans into other geographies?
Mike Mussallem: I mean, in particular I assume you're talking about TAVR?
Joanne Wuensch: Yes please?
Mike Mussallem: So TAVR is dramatically undertreated in so many places around the world. And we're continuing to have a lot of impact in places that go beyond Europe, the U.S. and Japan. I mean, obviously, a clear important target would be China. And although, we're not near the end zone on that that one that is one that we are actively pursuing. It's been a complex process there and we don't expect to have anything really accomplished of substance in 2019, but it's a priority for us and we think another potential growth engine in the future.
Joanne Wuensch: My second question has to -- back to mitral data. It sounds like there will be some PASCAL data at PCR, but what other data that you're looking for this year, whether ACC, PCR or some other venue?
Mike Mussallem: Well, that's a difficult one for me. Of course, we expect there to be PASCAL data, particularly the CE Mark data that will become available later on this year. But I would expect at medical meetings, you know that clinicians are engaged in this, they're very anxious to be able to share what they have. And so they're going to be sharing even EFS data when they get a chance and that's collected. Maybe the most meaningful data that will be available later this year will be some of the pivotal data from CLASP IID, these are the degenerative patients. There will be study with PASCAL. So that would be one that you might look for later in the year that would have some substance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Matt Miksic with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Miksic: So I appreciate the color Mike on the U.S. OUS trends, and I think that's something that folks have some difficulty to parsing given the worldwide TAVR numbers that you folks are reporting now. And just if you could provide any color as to what are some of the dynamics affecting Europe, and something in a bit more of detail maybe regionally. And then what are some of the things that are enabling you to stay with the market hold share, defense share, if you will, in the U.S.? And I have one follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: A little different in Europe than it is in some other markets rather than the regulatory process being an important catalyst, the reimbursement process is quite important. And as I tried to indicate in our prepared remarks, what we are seeing are those countries that have been slower adopters traditionally and have a lower penetration rate in terms of TAVRs per million, population for example, are growing faster. We are watching that happen across the board. Whereas those that were early adopters arent growing quite as fast. So maybe that helps give you a sense for some of the color thats going on. The thing that we feel really good about is overall here is the market thats still growing in the mid-teens after all these years. I mean TAVR was introduced in 2007. Not many technologies are still growing at that rate and tells you about how much this therapy has continued to improve and how much opportunity there is for continued adoption. Many of these countries are just playing low in terms of their adoption rates today. Although, it's painful to watch how slow medicine changes sometime, I guess the upside to that is there is still a lot of opportunity ahead.
Matt Miksic: And just if I could clarify something, when you talk about the faster growing later adopters, I mean we talked to doctors in centers in some of these countries. And there is a budgetary consideration when considering which one of the platforms they are going to use, or use more or use less. And is that I guess in those geographies present bit more of a challenge in terms of capturing the same share that you might have in the earlier adopting like central European countries? And then I do have just one follow-up on the product launch, if I could.
Mike Mussallem: No Matt, you are right, thats very much the case. There are people that just have such economic constraints that they feel like it has to drive their clinical condition. We strive very much to make sure that we try and maintain price discipline, so that our good customers arent disadvantaged versus those that just dont have the ability to pay. And its a consequence of where we are. But overall, I'm very pleased with our leadership position in this therapy. And we are hopeful that as things improve in these countries economically and as the cost of TAVR continues to come down that it's more and more accessible.
Matt Miksic: And then on the product launch, just Ultra in particular. I guess, there's been a couple of periods over the past couple of years where your commentary heading into the year would include something like, we expect to potentially lose some share to Medtronic product launch that you might be facing, say in the U.S. So this is maybe the first time in a couple years that you really got a significant upgrade to the safety and platform, not to push you too far out over your skies. But is there some potential here that this is something that could be a little bit of a tailwind for you compared to where you might have been playing defense say two three years ago?
Mike Mussallem: Matt, are you talking about global, U.S. or OUS?
Matt Miksic: In the U.S., in particular
Mike Mussallem: Well, in the U.S., we tried to be clear here. Nothing has really changed in terms of our assumptions. There's only been two competitors and we expect to have a third midyear. And we expect that to have a modest impact on our share. And even though we're very excited about rolling out Ultra, we think that's inevitable. At the same time, there is more and more evidence that's going to be presented. So we think that the TAVR market is going to continue to grow, so there is every opportunity for us to grow nicely as well.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Rick Wise: I'd like to go back to Cardioband. It sounds like much as you said at the Analyst Day and as said recently. The gradual process of improving supply transferring at the other Edwards facility is on track, I hear you. Maybe if you could just drill down a little more. Is this going to be readibly resolved as the year unfolds? Or no, it's really going to take you the second half? Maybe just help us understand where you are in the process? And maybe just a part of that for Scott, when we think about the $40 million. Scott, is this half and half Cardioband, half PASCAL with the launch in Europe and the trials getting underway? How do we think about that breakdown?
Mike Mussallem: It's a priority for us to improve Cardioband. But no, our plans are really unchanged, our expectations are unchanged. We think it's going to be a gradual improvement in the supply situation during the course of the year. We have some pretty good confidence by the end of the year that we're going to have this transferred and have this in pretty good shape, but it's going to take us some time. So I think you should anticipate a ramp.
Scott Ullem: And I'd just add to that. Our plan is and our expectation is that PASCAL will probably be a larger contributor to that $40 million than Cardioband in 2019. I'll also mention since you raised it. We're spending a lot of money in facilities and in our operations and getting or local supply chain positioned to support growth from all of our business units. And so our guidance for 2018 was that we'd have CapEx maybe $250 million, we'll probably come in a little bit less than that, but going in 2019 to about $350 million. So you've seen our announcements about continuing to build out our facility in Costa Rica, our new brownfield facility in Ireland. We're planning to break around our greenfield facility in Ireland, as well as we continue to add capacity in the U.S. and other locations around the world. And so these are all investments that support, not just the transfer of Cardioband supply chain capacity but other products that we're bringing to market as well.
Rick Wise: And just as a follow up, maybe turning back to the IP discussion, I mean clearly, Edwards has a huge portfolio of IP. And I feel like the back and forth litigation is very similar to other periods of med device innovation I've seen over the years. And Mike, this might be really dumb question, but just curious to hear your thinking. Is there any silver lining here as these get more [indiscernible] [resolved]. But clearly it's great that the Boston is settled and behind you. But does this increase the mode around the major players who are really committed like you are to R&D and innovation and IP? I mean I don't know. I'm just -- maybe you have a better answer thats why I'm asking. Thanks a lot.
Mike Mussallem: I'm not positive exactly where you're going with that question, Rick. Bigger picture, for sure, these patients need innovation. They have some pretty terrible outcomes right now and they really don't have rate solutions with a catheter-based approach. If we could deliver things to them that are really safe and effective thats great. And actually at competitive environment with a number of options, probably not a bad thing from a patient perspective. We're disappointed that Abbott chose to initiate patent litigation and we are obviously thinking deeply about that. But we think the best solution is not really to be in a fight even though we are going to aggressively defend ourselves. We think our competitive environment is the best situation for everybody.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Raj Denhoy: What if maybe I could follow a bit on the commentary around Europe and the pricing pressure you might be seeing there? I know it's relatively constrained that it's been for several quarters now. But anything more you can offer in terms of where that is and what's driving it? Is it still just a few very isolated centers, are you seeing more broadly just really anything would be helpful?
Mike Mussallem: I dont know that I have great details to add to that Raj. I would I say in general, we see it broadly rather than in a focused way. We see a pretty consistent premium. We feel like we pretty consistently have a substantial premium versus our competitors. Of course, people go to the large-volume centers and would do some of most aggressive bidding. But generally, I would say it's broad. And we just have chosen with SAPIEN 3 not to go down that road. We have a lot of confidence in our product. We think it's highly differentiated in terms of its performance, and we've been disciplined in our pricing.
Raj Denhoy: Well, its a little difficult to parse out from the results you are giving us now. But in terms of the share loss, I mean how much share do you think you may have lost in Europe at this point?
Mike Mussallem: Well, again, what we tried to indicate here is sequentially, probably the second half of the year has been at least by our customer estimates that it's been pretty flat. If you go from a full year perspective, it's probably 1 to 2 point something in that range.
Raj Denhoy: So it doesnt seem like its getting any worse relatively?
Mike Mussallem: No, I mean the matter of fact the opposite. We think it's been pretty stable here for the last couple of quarters.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Robbie Marcus: People have asked this a couple of different ways. I mean, I'll try a different one. If I think back to the conversion of XT and then SAPIEN 3 it went very rapidly. So maybe you could just help us understand a little bit better why the hesitation to rollout the new products in Europe on a more aggressive basis?
Mike Mussallem: It's actually not as complicated as you might think. SAPIEN was a great product. When SAPIEN XT came along, it was significantly better. It was a giant step we went fast. When SAPIEN 3 came along, it was a giant improvement it went very quickly. SAPIEN 3 has such stellar performance. And the SAPIEN Ultra valve, for example, is just different. It's got a different sheet. It's got different ways that the valve is delivered. And we just want to be very careful about that. When the performance is good as SAPIEN 3 is, we can't tolerate one mistake out of a 100 cases. We really need this to be virtually flawless. And that's what's driving our caution and our care to make sure that we get this just right.
Robbie Marcus: And just last year on the surgical structural heart. As we're looking at a big ramp in catheter growth over the course of 2019. How should we think about the cadence here? And maybe if you could help us understand what percentage of that business is exposed to aortic surgical valves?
Mike Mussallem: At this point, the bulk of our business is aortic still in the surgical heart valve business. And so there is more than half of it that's exposed, if you will. Now, as we've been introducing our new premium products, those are probably consuming maybe not quite a quarter, but a significant portion of the volume as well. And so we expect the growth of those, particularly INSPIRIS, which is enjoying a lot of success, to be able to success to offset with some of what we think is going to be natural cannibalization that comes from TAVR.
Robbie Marcus: And any way to help us to understand maybe on a volume basis the more you move into low risk. What the assumptions are around cannibalization, and how we think about that through the balance of the year?
Mike Mussallem: Well, I mean we think about that when we provide our guidance. And so we thought about that in advance. So we give the guidance of 1% to 3%. You noticed it's lower than the growth rate this year. Part of that is anticipating continued progress and particular progress on the low-risk patients that's going to begin probably during 2019. So no really it's anticipated in our guidance and we really haven't seen anything that changes our view at this early date.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is coming from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Josh Jennings: Just wanted to start with -- Mike, you and your team talked a bit about the asymptomatic patient population and the opportunity there. And I'm just wondering how you see it playing out post low-risk data? Do you feel like physicians will be more aggressive in terms of trying to listening symptoms or even stress some of these patients? Or do you think we're going to need to wait for early TAVR data for that asymptomatic patient population to begin to be penetrated? And I just have one follow up.
Mike Mussallem: As you know, we're very excited about early TAVR but it's going to take us a while till we see that. It's continuing to enroll nicely. I'd like to think the TAVR continues to stay popular with the spotlights provided by additional evidence we'll maybe stimulate that enrollment some. But it's early to tell. But we're making steady progress. And we're really looking forward to getting results with that trial, because we believe that's an underserved population.
Josh Jennings: And just a follow on that last answer. Just within the presentation at the Investor Day and this year's outlook on the asymptomatic patient population. Do you think there is a segment of asymptomatic patients that just need to have their symptoms elicited and how big could that be?
Mike Mussallem: It's a significant issue. We just think it's complicated for the healthcare system to both diagnose the aortic stenosis itself and symptoms, and to attribute the symptoms to aortic stenosis rather than attributing it to some valves. And that complexity leads the confusion and ultimately leads to patients not being treated. And we think it is a real problem. And we're spending a lot of time thinking about what we can do to improve it. One of the single most important thing we can do is to demonstrate it through the early TAVR trial that there is the big issue. But this is not uncommon. We find in a lot of our own personal experience is to define these situations where people with symptoms just the symptoms are not recognized.
Josh Jennings: And then just my follow-up was just on manufacturing planned build out in Costa Rica and Ireland. Are there plans to transfer the PASCAL manufacturing into one of those facilities?
Mike Mussallem: Those build outs are going really well. We just dont comment on where we manufacture products. But thanks for that question. And so with that, thanks for all the continued interest in Edwards. And Scott, David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying sales and growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the investor relations section of our Web site at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 136-86-196. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the investor relations section of our Web site. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host, David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our third quarter 2018 financial results. During todays call, well discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, Id like to remind you that during todays call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include but arent limited to financial guidance, expectations for product opportunities, clinical trials, litigation, new product approvals, reimbursement, competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at Edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying, organic and adjusted, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in todays press release and our website. And now, Ill turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, David. Were pleased to report strong third quarter adjusted sales of $921 million, or a 11% growth on an underlying basis consistent with our expectations, driven by a remarkable portfolio of innovative technologies. Year-to-date, underlying sales growth was 10%, and it was consistent with our full-year guidance of 10% to 11%. And even with the backdrop of a tough fourth quarter comparison, we expect 2018 to be a year of strong financial performance, while also aggressively investing in our future. Looking forward, based on recent learnings, we have increased confidence that our innovative lifesaving therapies can benefit many more patients whose structural heart disease is deadly and undertreated today. In transcatheter heart valve therapy, global third quarter sales were $558 million. Underlying sales were up 12.7% compared to the prior year, which reflects continued impressive organic growth. We estimate global TAVR procedures continued to grow robustly in the mid-teens. Our worldwide sales grew at a lower rate due to a modest year-over-year share decline outside the U.S. and lower royalty revenues. Globally, our average selling price remained stable. In the U.S., total procedures for the third quarter grew in the mid-teens versus the prior year, and our growth was comparable. Growth was highest in newer and smaller centers, where this therapy is increasingly accessible to a broader population of aortic stenosis patients. Based on our continued research, we are increasingly confident that there are many patients who would benefit from TAVR who are not diagnosed or treated today. Were continuing our efforts to increase awareness, improve diagnosis and help patients receive the care specified in medical guidelines. Late in the third quarter, we began enrolling our limited Continued Access Protocol, or CAP, for our U.S. PARTNER 3 trial, which have a minimal impact on this quarters results. And we continue to anticipate data from the PARTNER 3 trial to be presented at the ACC meeting in March of 2019, followed by the receipt of a low-risk indication late that year. Earlier this month, we announced the commencement of the U.S. pivotal trial that will study our self-expanding CENTERA transcatheter valve for patients at intermediate risk of open-heart surgery. And we expect the SAPIEN 3 Ultra system to gain U.S. regulatory approval around the end of the year. Following a public comment period and a review of TAVR outcomes at the Medicare Advisory Committee meeting in July, CMS is currently in the process of formulating a draft provision of the National Coverage Determination, or NCD. This reconsideration is critically important for U.S. patient seeking treatment for this deadly disease. We assume any changes to the current NCD are likely to significantly affect the global TAVR opportunity. We expect the new NCD to be finalized by June 2019. Outside the U.S., procedure showed significant continued growth estimated to be in the mid-teens. Our procedures grew in the low double digits. We continue to see excellent long-term opportunities for growth, as we believe international adoption of TAVR therapy is still low. In Europe, we estimate the TAVR procedures grew at an impressive mid-teens rate spread across  spread broadly across most countries. On a year-over-year basis, we experienced some expected share loss. However, our share stabilized this quarter compared to last quarter. This quarter, we are implementing a targeted commercial introduction in Europe of our feature-rich CENTERA platform, which demonstrated outstanding clinical outcomes in its early experience. And we remain on track to receive a CE Mark of the SAPIEN 3 Ultra system in the fourth quarter. Weve decided to implement a controlled rollout strategy of Ultra, including training to ensure high procedural success of this advanced valve and delivery system and now expected to have a minimal impact on results this year. In an unrelated development earlier today, we announced that a court in Germany granted a preliminary injunction on future commercial sales of our SAPIEN 3 Ultra valve in that country. The decision does not impact sales of our SAPIEN 3 or CENTERA valves or the clinical study for European approval of SAPIEN 3 Ultra. We will promptly appeal. In Japan, we continue to see strong TAVR therapy adoption, driven by SAPIEN 3 and new centers continue to be qualified. This is our fastest growing region this quarter, where we believe aortic stenosis still remains a large untreated disease. In summary, year-to-date underlying sales growth for THVT is 12.5%, and we would expect full-year 2018 to be in that area because of a limited contribution from Cardioband, which Ill discuss in a moment and a revised rollout strategy for SAPIEN 3 Ultra. Were encouraged that the TAVR opportunity remains robust and were confident in our new product offerings to sustain our strong global leadership position. In Surgical Valve Therapy, underlying sales for the third quarter was $199 million, up 3% on an underlying basis consistent with our expectations. Growth was driven by solid aortic unit volume and continued adoption of our new premium aortic valves. With the approval of reimbursement, were pleased to announce that we began launching our INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve in Japan last month. We expect strong adoption of this new class of resilient tissue valves in this important region. This valve is designed to be an attractive option for active patients when weve observed a trend of physicians treating younger patients in our early global experience. In summary, in surgical heart valve therapy, we continue to expect full-year 2018 underlying sales growth of 2% to 4%. Even as TAVR adoption expands, we are excited about our ability to provide innovative surgical treatment options for more patients and to extend our global leadership in surgical heart valve technologies. In Critical Care, our sales for the quarter were $164 million and grew 15% on an underlying basis. This performance was strong across all our product lines, led primarily by demand for HemoSphere. Sales in the U.S. were particularly robust this quarter, additionally aided by new group purchasing organization contracts. HemoSphere, our next generation all-in-one monitoring platform that is replacing our older monitoring systems continue to receive excellent feedback from clinicians. HemoSphere is designed to provide greater clarity on a patients hemodynamic status. This new monitor is expected to continue to be an important growth driver, although hospital capital replacement cycles can be somewhat unpredictable. We continue to introduce our Acumen Hypotension Predictive Index, or HPI, to a limited number of hospitals utilizing our current platform until it becomes available on HemoSphere, which is expected in the fourth quarter. This first-of-a-kind technology leverages predictive analytics to alert clinicians of dangerous hypotension or low blood pressure before it occurs in their surgical patients. In summary, due to excitement by early adopters of HemoSphere 2018 is turning out to be a particularly strong year for Critical Care. We now expect 2018 underlying sales growth to exceed the top end of our full-year guidance range of 6% to 8%. Turning to our Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies, or TMTT, we continue to invest aggressively in our portfolio of therapies. As youve heard last month at TCT, the results of the COAPT trial clearly demonstrated the importance of reducing mitral regurgitation, reinforcing confidence in our strategy to address this large opportunity. There were also updates on our TMTT programs, and you can expect a more complete overview of our portfolio at our Investor Conference in December. Today, I will cover some select updates. Beginning with transcatheter mitral repair, patients continue to be treated commercially in Europe with Cardioband, and were encouraged by the high level of interest from clinicians in its potential. Third quarter sales were limited to $1 million due to the ongoing supply constraint, our  in both our mitral and tricuspid programs, and we expect that trend to continue in the fourth quarter. In order to fortify our near-term supply and scale for longer-term volume expectations, weve decided to transfer production of this platform from the facility that we acquired to other Edwards manufacturing locations. We expect Cardioband supply constraints to progressively improve throughout 2019. We believe as this therapy advances, the annular reduction provided by Cardioband can be an important first-line treatment for many mitral patients. We continue to receive variable clinician feedback on our PASCAL mitral repair therapy and still expect the European launch of this platform in 2019. In the U.S., were pleased to announce the approval of our pivotal trial to study patients with primary mitral regurgitation and are in the process of securing hospital contracts. In mitral valve replacement, were encouraged by the positive scientific presentations of TCT last month on our new EVOQUE system, which is built on the learnings and experiences of CardiAQ. We continue to make good clinical progress with EVOQUE and SAPIEN M3 systems and remain confident in our transseptal mitral replacement strategy. In transcatheter tricuspid repair, again, constrained by supply, clinicians continue to treat a limited number of patients in Europe with our Cardioband Tricuspid Annular Reduction System and weve received positive feedback on this therapy. In the U.S., we have initiated our early feasibility study. Overall, we remain enthusiastic about the opportunities for our transcatheter therapies to help patients who are suffering from mitral and tricuspid valve disease and we continue to expect a large global opportunity. And now Ill turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thank you, Mike. Im pleased to report another quarter of double-digit underlying sales growth. Adjusted sales were $921 million, up 11% over 2017. These results were in line with our expectations in our typical third quarter seasonality. Consistent with our practice in the prior two quarters, adjusted sales exclude a sales return reserve related to our conversion to a consignment inventory model for surgical valves in the United States, which was $14 million this quarter. We still expect to complete the conversion by year-end and now estimate the conversion will impact sales by approximately $80 million to $90 million this year. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.07 and GAAP earnings per share was $1.06. Adjusted EPS growth was 27%, which benefited from a lower tax rate, driven by U.S. tax reform and solid growth and operating income. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.02 higher this quarter than it would have been if the excess tax benefit was as we estimated in our guidance last quarter. For the quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 75.5%, compared to 74.4% in the same period last year. This improvement primarily reflects the benefit of a more profitable product mix and the absence of last years expenses associated with Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico. These benefits were partially offset by continued investments and manufacturing capacity. We continue to expect our full-year 2018 gross profit margin, excluding special items to be between 74% and 76%. Turning to selling, general and administrative expenses. Third quarter expenses increased 10% over the prior year to $270 million, or 29.7% of sales. This increase was driven by personnel related expenses. The ratio of SG&A as a percentage of sales would have been 40 basis points lower if you exclude the impact of the HVT consignment conversion. We continue to expect full-year SG&A, excluding special items to be between 28% and 29% of sales. Research and development investments in the quarter increased 13% over the prior year to $162 million, or 17.8% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter programs, including spending on clinical trials. We continue to expect R&D, excluding special items to be between 16% and 17% of sales for the full-year. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 9.2%, down from 19.7% in the prior year period. This reduction was driven primarily by U.S. tax reform. This quarters rate benefited 490 basis points from the accounting for employee stock-based compensation, which was 190 basis points higher than we estimated in our guidance last quarter. Excluding the impact from special items, our tax rate this quarter was 13.5%. We continue to expect our full-year tax rate, excluding special items to be at the low-end of our previous range of 13% to 16%. Foreign exchange rates decreased third quarter sales growth by $7 million, or 0.9% compared to the prior year. At current rates, we continue to expect an approximate $30 million lift, or about 1% to full-year 2018 sales compared to the prior year. Compared to our July guidance, FX rates benefited earnings per share by about a $0.01 this quarter, reflecting the effective currency hedging program we have in place. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $257 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $342 million, less capital expenditures of $85 million. Our year-to-date adjusted free cash flow, which excludes last quarters tax audit settlements and repatriation taxes, was $550 million. Turning to the balance sheet. Total debt at the end of the quarter was $1.2 billion, and we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.6 billion. Just after the end of the quarter, we retired maturing bonds, which reduced both of these amounts by about $600 million. Now turning to our 2018 guidance. For the full-year, as we discussed earlier, we are now modeling slightly lower transcatheter heart valve therapy sales and higher critical care sales. For the total company, our prior guidance ranges are unchanged as we continue to expect to achieve the higher-end of each of the current sales guidance ranges of $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion for transcatheter heart valve therapy, $810 million to $850 million for surgical heart valve therapy and $610 million to $650 million for critical care, and for total Edwards $3.5 billion to $3.9 billion. Our prior guidance ranges for adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow are also unchanged. We continue to expect our full-year adjusted EPS to be between $4.60 and $4.75. Lastly, we continue to expected adjusted free cash flow to be at the higher-end of $700 million to $775 million. For the fourth quarter of 2018 at current foreign exchange rates, we project adjusted sales to be between $950 million and $1 billion, and adjusted earnings per share to be between $1.05 and $1.20. And with that, Ill hand it back to Mike.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. We remain confident in our outlook for continued strong sales growth and are passionate about helping more patients around the world. We continue to focus on driving organic growth with leading innovative technologies, while aggressively investing in our future. Our foundation of leadership, coupled with our robust product pipeline positions us well for continued longer-term success and greater shareholder value, as we pursue multibillion market opportunities. And with that, Ill turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. Before we open it for questions, I would like to remind you to mark your calendars for the evening of Tuesday December 4th, and the morning of Wednesday December 5th, when we will be hosting our 2018 Investor Conference at our corporate headquarters here in Irvine, California. This event will include discussions with key opinion leaders, updates on our latest technologies and views on longer-term market potential, as well as our outlook for 2019. More information will be available in the coming weeks. Were ready to take questions now. In order to allow broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and well answer as many as we can during the remainder of the call. Operator, please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. One on 2019 legal question. So Mike and Scott, I know you wont provide 2019 guidance until the Investor Conference in December. But youve always been helpful in providing some puts and takes looking at the following year. I think consensus is modeling about 10% revenue growth next year, which is similar to the underlying sales growth youre getting to this year. It does seem like theres more tailwinds in 2019 than 2018, which should help and the Streets modeling about 12% EPS growth. So is there anything you would call out there? And I had one follow-up.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, Larry. Youve kind of answered your own question. Were not in a position to provide 2019 guidance until we get to the Investor Conference. But I mean, if we just want to think big picture, our TAVR business is healthy, and we continue to expect mid-teens growth in that marketplace through 2021 and beyond for that matter. And we know AS is dramatically undertreated. And when you couple that with this comprehensive TMTT portfolio with some very nice mid to longer-term growth opportunities, we think it provides a very positive backdrop. Were committed to win in that space and weve been aggressively invested. And we just have continued confidence in our innovation strategy. So well get into the numbers later, Larry. but I think we have nothing specific to share at this time.
Larry Biegelsen: Okay, I understand. So Mike, let me push my luck a little bit and ask a legal question. I spoke with an investor today, he said, I love what Edwards is doing in transcatheter heart valves, and Id like to buy this stock. But frankly, Im concerned Boston could potentially enjoy in both SAPIEN 3 and Ultra in Germany any day. And I know youre appealing those decisions, but in the meantime, Boston does have that option. So Mike, if you were speaking to that investor, how would you relay his or her concern? Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I think big picture, you know that Boston Scientific has initiated litigation and involves a number of patents in multiple countries and is likely to yield a number of court actions over an extended period of time. The recent developments have not changed our view that Bostons patents are invalid and were confident in our leading intellectual property position.
Larry Biegelsen: Got it. Thank you for taking the questions.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed.
Jason Mills: Hi, Mike, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to go back to Larrys question about puts and takes. What weve seen thus far in 2018 and frankly for the last 18 months are trials that would suggest that the low-risk opportunity for you in TAVR is meaningful and could be material to growth rates for the marketplace. The LRT trial from Washington Hospital Center comes to mind recently. And there are other puts and takes obviously with some of your product launches and seemingly perhaps having more impact on 2019 and 2018. So I guess, if we just stick with the market growth rates and sort of your share trends, both in the United States and Europe, would you anticipate that the goings on with respect to trials and low-risk over the next six to 12 months, as well as new market entrants, Boston in the United States, sort of offset by your product launches would create an environment, where market growth rates are still strong, maybe commensurate with what weve seen this year and you can maintain share over that time?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Jason, its a good question. As I said, we continue to be confident about the long-term growth prospects for TAVR. But as you correctly surmised, I think, this data thats going to come out related to the low-risk indication has the potential to be some kind of a catalyst. As we said before probably not a step function, but a net positive to a market thats already growing quite nicely. As weve talked before, our pricing has been quite stable. And so the question comes back to share, but its share of a rapidly growing market and were pretty confident in our position. I mean, its absolutely true that were going to have new competition, but at the same time 2019 is going to the first year that we have real impacts from our Ultra valve and CENTERA.
Jason Mills: Okay, its helpful. And then on the mitral side, Mike, you were asked several questions at the TCT meeting about COAPT. And Im wondering with the benefit of an extra month or so since that trial was presented? If you have any different or augmented perspective on how COAPT may or may not change the landscape in mitral? And maybe more specifically how fast these trials enroll, whether it would be your PASCAL study uptick in Europe of Cardioband and PASCAL? And then also on the replacement side, what COAPT may or may not do with respect to excitement around our clinical trial enrollment in those studies if you have a couple going on I know?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Jason. As you correctly pointed out, weve got quite a bit going on in the mitral space and were excited about the new developments. The results of COAPT clearly demonstrated the importance of reducing mitral regurgitation. And it does reinforce our confidence in our strategy to try and address this opportunity thats very large. Were just- were enthusiastic about the transcatheter therapies to help patients that are suffering in these areas. So we feel good about it. It cant hurt enrollment, thats for sure. It should facilitate that, both on the PASCAL side and our other clinical trials that we have ahead.
Jason Mills: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
David Lewis: Good afternoon. Mike, just two questions for you. First, just on Cardioband. In my sense as you reiterated sort of the $15 million contribution at TCT. So could you just talk about when the decision on manufacturing was reached? Should we assume basically zero revenue for Cardioband in the fourth quarter? And as you think about next year, you talked about scaling up manufacturing. Is $15 million a better way thinking about 2019, or is that sort of conservative relative to how you see the manufacturing scale-up next year? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, thanks, David. Youre right, were more and more optimistic about being able to scale-up Cardioband and now we expect that to change. We fell short of our goals of our current supply base and also the acquired facility. And so weve already begun this process to begin the transition to other facilities. As I mentioned in prepared remarks, we expect the supply constraints to progressively improve throughout 2019, and wed expect the manufacturing transition probably to finish by the end of the year. So its premature for us to be able to actually estimate numbers, David, but hopefully that gives you a sense of the direction and the rationale why.
Scott Ullem: Hey, David, its Scott. I just add. In terms of contributions to Q4, its not going to be zero, but its probably going to look something more like what we did in Q3, maybe $1 million or somewhere in that range.
David Lewis: Okay, thats helpful. And then Mike, the  obviously, the biggest update in this call was the decision to move forward with the U.S. pivotal for PASCAL. So, can you just talk about the decision in the company and move forward on primary MR, and what the structure of that trial is going to look like? Thanks so much.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So the  this trial, what we call the trial class is one where were going to be studying primary mitral regurgitation. Its going to be a two to one randomization versus MitraClip and its going to be by  for patients that are deemed inoperable by the local heart team. So the same way the MitraClip is labeled today. It will be a non-inferiority study around 300 patients at 50 centers primary endpoint MR grade reduction and then secondary endpoint of major adverse events.
David Lewis: Okay. Thanks so much.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro: Good afternoon, and thank you, guys. I wanted to start with a question on pricing. I think, you guys mentioned in your prepared comments that the global pricing dynamic for TAVR has been stable. But Im interested in sort what went on in the quarter competitively? I think thats been a topic of interest all year long. It seems like your competitors are still pretty active in fighting for market share in various ways. So Id be interested in if you could put some color on whats going on in pricing? Whats assumed in the rest of the year for your guidance on that topic? Thank you.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Isaac, thanks. Yes, youre right. We did mention in prepared remarks that global average selling price remains stable, and we would expect that condition to continue in 2018. Thats been very steady for sometime to come. I know that we had some conversations last quarter about some aggressive pricing that we saw in Europe. We probably, although there continues to be a significant difference between Edwards pricing and our competitors. Thats probably sell down a little bit. And we look from a share perspective to believe that its probably stabilized versus the quarter before. So I dont know if that helps get an extra question.
Isaac Ro: Yes, sure. Thats helpful. And then just a follow-up on your comments for the MEDCAC panel outcome. There has been obviously a lot of debate about, if that  how the NCD gets updated? What that means for the marketplace in TAVR overall? Im just trying to make sure I understand your reasoning as to why you dont think youve got a lot of meaningful impact, at least, initially and how you think that will play out over time? Thank you.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, its a good question. I think big picture, CMS is taking a look at our whats going on in TAVR from a reimbursement perspective and consider that a success. So although the NCD needs updating and it will be updated. We dont expect right now for it  for whatever happens to have a significant impact on the TAVR opportunity. Now, of course, depending on what they decide, it could have some influence up or down. But were just trying to share with you that when we do our own modeling, were kind of modeling no significant change.
Isaac Ro: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Vijay Kumar: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. So maybe I wanted to start one with the 2019 drivers, obviously, given where we are in the year, I think, all eyes are turned to 2019. When I think about the negatives, right, Mike, the  obviously, you have pricing pressure ongoing in Europe and you have a new competitor coming into the U.S. at some point, possibly mid of next year. But on the other side, you have low-risk approval Cardioband ramping up and PASCAL launching. I dont think you commented on the timing of PASCAL launch and were just assuming mid of 2019, and the base case seems to be one offsets the other. Is that any reason why TAVR growth in 2019 could be below 2018 levels that you could think of?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So I appreciate the fact that youre looking at the negative, so we look at the future and were pretty positive about it. The pricing pressure in Europe is something that weve dealt with for a long time. Thats been there and were excited about having new products in the future. And although we wont have a big impact on Q4, it will have impact going forward. The U.S. approval has been somewhat inevitable that there was going to be that competition that we kind of fully accounted for that. Were going to be excited about bringing CENTERA and Ultra to the U.S. as well. In terms of the upside on TMTT and some of those, were not prepared yet to talk about when were going to launch PASCAL in terms of what time of the year, but its going to be positive. But you also have to remember that THV, the aortic business is a much larger business and has more influence on our near-term  probably our 2019 sales.
Vijay Kumar: And thats helpful, Mike. And then maybe one if I could on the Cardioband, the active trials. I think, there are some debate post  COAPT, whether it needs to be designed and weve spoken to some people. And I just, the feedback seems to be the Cardioband or the annuloplasty patient population is very different from the clip [ph] patient population. If that thesis or assumption is true, then you may not need to redesign the Cardioband trial, you could do a device versus a drug trial. So I guess, I want to know, one, if the Street is thinking annuloplasty Cardioband is dead, how right or how wrong is the Street on those assumptions and  versus the trial design does it need to be changed? Any comments, I think, would be helpful.
Michael Mussallem: So, we  the big picture for us, we continue to get a positive feedback and our belief is that annular reduction thats provided by Cardioband could be a really important for first-line therapy. Again, its going to require some advancements on our part, but we continue to feel strongly about that. In terms of the future implications of the active trial, post-COAPT, we are assessing the implications of clinical trial design based on what was learned in that. And we hope that were going to have more to share with you about that when we get to our Investor Conference in December.
Vijay Kumar: Thanks, guys.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Raj Denhoy: Hi, good afternoon. I wonder if I could maybe just dig a little bit on Europe. I think, you mentioned that, that you you did see some share loss early in the year, but its stable at this point. Im curious if you can confirm that, and really anything you can give us just in terms of the dynamics in Europe as we sit here today?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I think, as we indicated last quarter, we felt like we experienced some share loss and so we continue. That share loss has happened, and so it continues to be reflected in our year-over-year growth rates. What were saying is sequentially share seemed to stabilize from our perspective. So this was  so were saying, we didnt see it as a continued trend that continued into the third quarter. Does that get at your question, Raj?
Raj Denhoy: It does. Yes, it doesnt. And Im curious if theres anything more you can offer in terms of where that was? Was it specific accounts or why you did experience a share loss and why you dont expect its going to get any worse even in Europe?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I dont know that Im able to do that. I mean, this is a pretty vast kind of  a lot of countries, a lot of moving parts here. I think its just generally true. Even when we think back to what happened in Q2, its not like its widespread. It doesnt take a lot of procedures to change the actual results in transcatheter heart valves.
Raj Denhoy: Okay, fair. Maybe just from my follow-up. Just you mentioned that youre not going to look at more of a measured rollout for Ultra in Europe. And Im curious why that is? If theres something about that valve, you think you need to go a bit slower now as you roll that out?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, its a good question. So we learned with experience that Ultra system is different from SAPIEN 3. And we wanted to ensure that we had  that we ensured our own high-performance through training. Remember, we took steps out of the procedure with Ultra amounting to valve on the balloon rather than alignment in the aorta, the Excel sheet is an improvement, but it also benefits from additional training. So we just wanted to make sure that we maintain this very high level of performance as we roll this out knowing that its a different valve and that became apparent to us through our own experience.
Raj Denhoy: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank Of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Bob Hopkins: Thanks very much and good afternoon.
Michael Mussallem: Good afternoon.
Bob Hopkins: I just want to ask a couple of questions, Mike, on PASCAL. First of all, can you just give us a sense as to the first time that youll see data from any PASCAL trial. I assume the first data would be from the European study. So when will we see some of that data?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We would guess that it would be mid-next year when data will really be available on PASCAL.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. And then also, Mike, maybe this is my misunderstanding. But Im just curious about your U.S. PASCAL trial strategy focusing on primary MR. Whats the strategy for focusing on secondary MR, which is obviously the bigger market opportunity and the one that create all the attention at TCT. So whats the strategy on secondary?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I mean, obviously, its on our radar screen. We dont have anything specific to report at this point. I will probably have more to say about that when we get to the Investor Conference, Bob. But youre right, thats an important patient population as well. But we didnt want to hold up on getting  moving forward with our existing trial.
Bob Hopkins: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel. Please proceed.
Rick Wise: Good afternoon, Mike. Let me come back to your comments on the  now the controlled launch for both the new TAVR and CENTERA and Ultra. Is this the new norm using going forward we should generally assume? And it makes sense, I get it, to release more slowly. And maybe you could help us understand what controlled means? Does it mean to receptors? Does it mean that it will take you six months to sort of get your sea legs as it were, or no, this is a process that it could take a couple of years. Can you help us better frame and the thinking behind all that?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I dont know its the new norm. We certainly feel responsible. We are going to customers and offering systems that we think are improvements over systems that already have some very high performance. So you know the way that SAPIEN 3 is performed in big data sets. And so we feel the obligation to make sure that the next generations of systems whether its CENTERA or Ultra, continue to perform at least at that level or better. And so we just want to make sure that we invest the time to do that. For the most part, I expect this training to be done by our clinical specialists. Its not like were going to start reproctoring patients again, but we do feel like we want people to slowdown and recognize, hey, theres a number of advancements in these systems, lets really focus on them, understand them well, so that you get great performance right from first patient.
Rick Wise: All right. And maybe a question for Scott. Scott, you highlighted that capacity investments in anticipation of growth in new products. Maybe talk about what that  how long that spending is going to go on? When you think thats completed? And how that affects, if at all, the ramp for these new products?
Scott Ullem: All right. So weve been investing and increasing our capacity now for a couple of years. And remember, we were supply constrained, and so we had some catching up to do just to support THV. Now were ramping up to also support an expansion in TMTT. And so weve been making investments in our existing facilities in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. And as you know, were working on building a new facility in Costa Rica and just announced a plan earlier this year to put a facility in Ireland. And so I think that spending and investment is going to continue for a number of years down the road. Youve seen it reflected in our higher capital expenditure investments. Wed probably be over $200 million this year. And the result is going to be that we will be able to satisfy the needs for really addressing these large untapped markets and years ahead.
Rick Wise: Thanks, Scott. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Glenn Novarro: Hi, good afternoon. Hey, Mike, I know you dont want to give guidance for 2019. But as I think about what Im hearing on this call a slower rollout of SAPIEN Ultra in 2019 and hopefully some positive benefits later in the year from PARTNER 3. So should one assume, as we build our models for 2019, kind of a slower first-half and a stronger second-half? And I know the comps are going to be a little bit easier as well. So maybe some color on kind of how we should think about 20109 and U.S. TAVR ramp? Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks. I think, youve got the right idea. I do think you should more think of ramp rather than step function in 2019. And youre right, whether its the way we roll out new products or the way the products  or the way that physicians and the rest of the marketplace absorb the low risk data. We think this is going to happen in a gradual fashion rather than sort of a jump. So yes, I think its reasonable to think about that. Remember, the low risk approval itself doesnt come until late in 2019.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. And then just as my follow-up, just to clarify PASCAL in Europe. Can you just remind us where you are in enrolling that trial? And can you give us some specifics as to when in 2019 you think youll be launching in Europe? Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Weve resisted giving specifics on 2019. Were right on track on that trial, so were continuing to enroll patients. And so that its right where we want it to be and so we expect to be launching in 2019. But at the Investor Conference, we may have more detail for you, Glenn.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Can I sneak in one more for Scott. Scott, can you give us just ballpark for next year where the tax rate is? Were modeling an uptick, but is it 200, 300 bps, anything in the ballpark for the tax rate next year would be helpful? Thanks.
Scott Ullem: Yes, were reluctant to do that at this point. And I can say that its a lot lower than we would have expected at the beginning of this year. As you know, were looking at the lower-end of a 13% to 16% rate for the full-year 2018, but Im reluctant to get into any more than. Keep in mind, one of the big influences on our tax rate is this excess tax benefit that we received from the premium on employee stock-based, performance-based options. And so thats a variable that well be able to estimate a little bit better maybe when we get to the Investor Conference in December.
Glenn Novarro: Okay, great. Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Bruce Nudell: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my question, Mike. Youve had some commercial experience with CENTERA in Europe. And just given all the discussions about pricing, are you seeing that the customer appeal of CENTERA is up to your expectations?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I mean, our experience has been that the customers who have tried CENTERA really like it. Its feature-rich and we frankly sense a lot of excitement. And so the early feedback has been very strong on that system. And even the early feedback in the U.S. is quite positive for those people that are in the trial.
Bruce Nudell: And my follow-up is on COAPT. I mean, I listened to your comments today from last quarter. And you explicitly said, you dont expect  people dare to hope for a mortality benefit, but you got both mortality and a rehospitalization benefit and in a very convincing way. And before youd said, this market be $3 billion in 2025. Actually, well be thinking about it now that we actually have that very important clinical proof-of-concept?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I know youre right about that, we have shown confidence and this being, as we said, our $1 billion and our $3 billion projections in the past and we havent backed off on that and heres the COAPT trial that is very impressive and I think even surprised us. So were thinking about that deeply, Bruce. We dont have anything to share at this point. I mean, we would be able to get people with you in terms of mitral models when we get to the Investor Conference. I guess, were starting to feel a little bit like a broken record, but were in the process of studying that now.
Bruce Nudell: Thanks very much.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Joanne Wuensch: Good evening, and thank you for taking my question. One of the things that investors frequently ask us is, how much or how many of the low-risk patient pool has been already penetrated with sort of the shifting labeling of STS as not necessarily the metric for defining low versus intermediate-risk. Theres sort of segues into the OG shocks [ph] can low-risk really help them next year? How would you respond to that?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We dont think there has been any significant penetration of this low risk group. We believe that our customers largely stay on label and its because its backed up by the NCD. And again, the NCD is very clear about what will be paid for and the stakes are quite high to go off-base from that perspective. Having said that, the whole designation of risk categorization by various patient groups, I think, its going to become an obsolete notion once PARTNER 3 is out there. The  theres not going to be this question of, gee, how risky is it for patients to go through surgery? We believe that were going to have a trial that demonstrates that TAVR is substantially equivalent to surgery for all patients at this point, at least, the groups that have been studied and its going to be more about anatomy that it is about risk. So we think the conversation is going to change. I think we believe its going to be helpful to have that PARTNER 3 data, probably the last really big transcatheter aortic valves study done in patients with severe aortic stenosis and symptoms.
Joanne Wuensch: And my second question has to do with product timelines. Im sure well get a full update in December. But can you give us an update on where you are with FORMA. If memory serves, youve paused to that clinical trial or product development? Thank you.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks. So we had some procedural learnings as we rolled out FORMA, and that led to system enhancements. And we resumed treating patients on a compassionate basis with the new FORMA system and were pleased with that. But its still early experience with the revised system.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please proceed.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Mike, first on Cardioband. I just wanted to confirm that this is an issue with the facility and not with the product. Is the fix here really just the location change or are there things you need to tweak about the product design itself to make it more manufacturable?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. No, were really talking about fixing comply  supply constraints, Chris. If your question is, is there an issue with the performance or with the demand? I mean that we believe that the demand has been there. Were  weve got a lot of suppliers on that system. There has been a lot of integration into the Edwards system and this has been significantly. But recall, were always innovating and were going to improve the system over time. But the supply constraints that Im talking about are not related to some overall performance shortcoming, but just our ability to supply at the level that wed like to at the quality level we want to.
Chris Pasquale: Yes. And just to clarify, not talking about clinical performance, but just the manufacturability of the product itself, its too hard to make or is it just a problem with where it was being made?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So, when you get into these kind of things, of course, we have many, many suppliers in that system. They wouldnt be typical Edward suppliers and theyre also in a very small facility in Israel thats not very typical to what Edwards would employ. We just feel like we need to make migration of both  some of the suppliers in the manufacturing facility itself. So that we feel confident, both in boosting the near-term and fortifying the supply and also being able to scale us for our long-term expectations.
Chris Pasquale: Thats helpful. And then just quickly on Critical Care, can you talk a little bit about how you frame the opportunity for HemoSphere? The business grew 15% this quarter, thats something that you should get noticed a little bit. Should we be thinking about that as a very short-term upgrade cycle youre going through right now, or could double-digit growth in that business actually be sustainable for a while?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I mean, were really pleased with whats going on in Critical Care. And youre right, HemoSphere has been very popular with customers and these early adopters have really boosted our sales growth rate. Now we did get a little bit help this year for some group purchasing organization contract. The HemoSphere has been the one thats really driven this. Its part of what were benefiting from is a capital replacement cycle as it replaces our existing monitors. Overall, were not deep into that replacement cycle at this point. Its hard for us to predict what this is going to look like. And so, yes, its tough to say exactly what its going to mean for the future growth rates. I wouldnt automatically anticipate that were going to maintain a growth rate like we just enjoyed in the third quarter.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robbie Marcus with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Robbie Marcus: Thanks for taking the question. Scott, maybe some financial housekeeping questions here. Gross margin came in better than expected. Maybe you could help us with the drivers there or hedges included in that? And how we think about FX, both for the balance of the year on the top and bottom line and what your latest count is into 2019?
Michael Mussallem: Sure. As it turns out, gross margin came in right about where we expected, and I think that was a little bit above where someone on the Street, but it was right where we thought it was going to be. It was up over 100 basis points versus the 74.4% in the third quarter 2017 and reflected benefit from improved mix, which weve been seeing consistently with the growth of THV, and it also reflected the benefits of not having the recurring expenses that we experienced from Hurricane Maria last year. That is offset a little bit by manufacturing capacity investments that we talked about earlier.
Robbie Marcus: And where FX stands for top and bottom line for this year and next year current rates?
Michael Mussallem: So for FX, we continue to expect that for the full-year, well see about a 1% benefit to sales, or $30 million. At the gross profit line, were largely insulated, by the time we get down EPS, its about $0.01 benefit in the third quarter. But the gross profit line, its tough to predict what the impact is going to be from these hedge outcomes that we realized during the course of the year.
Robbie Marcus: Okay, thanks. And maybe as a follow-up, I havent heard any update on Harpoon lately. Maybe you could just give us the way the status of that program? Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: Sure. Last time we talked about it. We said that we are examining the root cause of some of the complications we saw earlier. We havent completed that analysis. So we will report to you as soon as we have that completed. Were hopeful that thats not going to go on too much longer.
Robbie Marcus: Thank you.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Partners. Please proceed.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Mike, I just have two questions for you. One on U.S. and one on ex-U.S. and litigation. So first on U.S. This is a market that presumably or potentially could be going from two players to four sometime over the next, call it, 18 to 24 months. And I know Ive asked this before. But just how are you feeling about the sustainability of the pricing environment, particularly in the context of what were seeing happen in Europe? And then I just have one follow-up on litigation.
Michael Mussallem: Sure. We have a lot of experience selling heart valves in the U.S. and we wonder whether THV is going to be a lot different than that. Its a pretty heavy lift to be able to get our product approved in the U.S. market. And we think largely our competitors are disciplined pricers, especially with all the work thats necessary and clinical investment necessary to come to the U.S. market. So were not overly concerned. We  in our long-term models, we model a modest price decline, but we dont think theres going to be anything thats dramatic. For the most part, when we do our own pricing, we do some discounting based on volume, right?
Danielle Antalffy: Okay.
Michael Mussallem: Yes.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay, got it. And then just last question here for me. Appreciating that youre not going to necessarily comment on the ongoing litigation. But lets just assume, I understand that Ultra is certainly advanced. But Im curious about how you feel about your competitive positioning for SAPIEN 3 with or without the advance of Ultra. I guess, I am trying to get it assuming Ultra does get enjoined. It feels to me like theres no reason to think there should be any significant shift in market share for SAPIEN 3 from here. But tell me if you think Im thinking about that wrong?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I mean, were really pleased. I think, SAPIEN 3 has clearly demonstrated that it is best-in-class performance, and theres an awful lot of data that supports that. Our efforts in Ultra was to able to do that and do it even better and be able to have some advantages for physicians and patients that go along with that. So were very proud of the SAPIEN 3 platform and feel good about where it stands.
Danielle Antalffy: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today comes from the line of Kristen Stewart with Barclays. Please proceed.
Kristen Stewart: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the question. Sorry for my voice little under further. I just wanted to circle back just in terms of thinking about kind of the P&L. And just kind of generally your philosophy on how you think about  I know youre not giving guidance. I assume you will give explicit guidance at the Analyst Day. But how do you feel about at this stage and ramping up to support things like mitral and tricuspid, R&D came in a bit heavier this quarter. Is this kind of a new sort of a run rate maybe we should think about 16 or 17 or may be closer to 17 on ongoing rate? And then whether or not theres additional investments that need to be made from a sales and marketing perspective thats not really being reflected this year?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Kristen. Maybe Ill make a few comments and then let Scott jump in and add additional color. So, big picture, were aggressive investors in R&D and we see rich opportunities. Weve been aggressive, not only in our current portfolio, but also in the new portfolio associated with transcatheter mitral and tricuspid. I think, our R&D as a percent of sales always looks seasonably high in the third quarter. Remember, we  this is our  for at least our company, this is our lowest seasonal quarter. So ratios tend to be a bit deceiving. But nonetheless, were going to stay aggressive investors in the space.
Scott Ullem: I just add. We had the benefit of this tax reform in 2018, and so we end up being able to invest even more aggressively and advance some of these programs that weve had on deck to really accelerate to ultimately commercialization. And so weve been fortunate to be able to fund these programs and to continue to invest for long-term top line organic growth.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. And then, Scott, just a follow-up on the kind of topic of tax, I think, this kind of came up before. But if I look at kind of the year-to-date run rate for the adjusted tax line, how much of that is just related to employee stock compensation? I guess, this quarter was 490. Is that consistent with both full year-to-date and kind of thinking forward to next year, I know you didnt make comments. But is that something that you typically start out of the year, assuming no benefit?
Scott Ullem: Yes, this is  its really hard to estimate, because as you know, exercises tend to go up when the stock price performs well, and then the tax benefit is even greater, the higher stock price is, so you get this double benefit. The reverse also happens. And so if the stock is not as mobile on the upside, then there may not be as many exercises and the value of those exercise does not flow through to the same degree of the tax rate. So this year, weve  this quarter, weve realized an effective adjusted tax rate of about 13.5%. You mentioned before 490 basis points of that was for  from the excess tax benefit. But well think more about it and try to give you our call when we get to the Investor Conference for 2019. But this is one thats tricky. Its one of the reason why weve also started talking about our operating profits and our operating margins just because the bottom line is more volatile as a result of this new accounting practice.
Kristen Stewart: Okay, that makes sense. Thanks very much, guys.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, Ill turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on todays call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying sales and growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in todays press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you have missed any portions of todays call, the telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. And you can access this by dialing 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use the conference number 136-834-34. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp. Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp. Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.
Analysts: Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Christopher Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Second Quarter 2018 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, David Erickson, Vice President-Investor Relations. Thank you. Please begin.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our second quarter 2018 financial results, and during today's call we'll be discussing these results that are included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules. And then we'll use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include but aren't limited to financial guidance, expectations for product opportunities, clinical trials, new product approvals, reimbursement and competitive matters and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2017 annual report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at Edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying, organic and adjusted, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and our website. And now, I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, David. We're pleased to report strong second quarter performance that delivered double digit organic sales growth driven by robust sales of our innovative therapies. Total adjusted sales of $972 million grew 10% on an underlying basis, consistent with our expectations and in line with our 10% to 11% underlying full year growth forecast. We experienced broad-based growth across the Edwards portfolio. Bigger picture, structural heart disease is largely undertreated and underdiagnosed and we remain committed to increasing awareness and providing innovative life-saving therapies so even more patients can benefit. In transcatheter heart valve therapies, second quarter global sales were $585 million. Underlying sales were up over 12% compared to the prior year, which reflects strong organic growth, partially offset by lower royalty revenues. Our global average selling price increased slightly as a result of favorable country mix. We estimate global TAVR procedures continue to grow in the mid-teens while our growth globally was a bit lower due to share decline outside the U.S. In the U.S., total procedures for the second quarter grew in the mid-teens versus the prior year, and our growth was comparable. Strong therapy adoption continued to fuel procedure growth across a broad spectrum of TAVR centers in the network of approximately 600 hospitals. As physicians presented at TVT last month, evidence continues to show a large number of diagnosed patients who are not being treated for aortic stenosis. We are introducing new capabilities to help U.S. hospitals properly identify patients and streamline the care pathway to enable an efficient patient management process. We still expect the limited Continued Access Protocol, or CAP, for our U.S. PARTNER 3 Trial to begin in the third quarter, and we continue to anticipate data from the PARTNER 3 Trial to be presented at the ACC meeting in March of 2019, followed by the receipt of a low risk indication late that year. Yesterday, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services convened a panel to consider procedural volume requirements for TAVR programs. This panel listened to presentations from a wide range of stakeholders including Edwards. CMS will take the panel's comments along with other inputs into consideration as it shapes the updated National Coverage Determination, or NCD. We expect this to be finalized sometime over the next year. We have confidence in the thoughtful process, and our positive outlook on long-term TAVR opportunity is unchanged. Outside the U.S., procedures showed continued impressive growth estimated to be in the mid-teens. We continue to see excellent long-term opportunities for growth as we believe international adoption of TAVR therapy is still relatively low. Our underlying sales growth this quarter was around 10%. In Europe, we're impressed that TAVR procedures continue to grow in the double digits across nearly every country even after more than 10 years since the therapy introduction. With the advances of low profile systems, we've seen the expected decline in our TA platform which was significant this quarter. We have maintained price discipline and ceded share to competitors who have chosen to price aggressively in this region. While our SAPIEN 3 valve continues to demonstrate best-in-class clinical performance, we look forward to reinforcing our leadership position with the introduction of our SAPIEN 3 Ultra and CENTERA valves later this year. In Japan, our highest growth region, we continue to see strong TAVR therapy adoption with several new centers being added. We continue to enroll patients in this small clinical trial of our SAPIEN 3 Ultra System to supplement our European regulatory submission and remain on track to receive a CE Mark later this year. This same valve system is also on track to gain U.S. regulatory approval in late 2018. We have completed a minor modification to the delivery system of our self-expanding CENTERA valve. We plan to continue the commercial introduction and commence our U.S. pivotal trial late in the third quarter. In summary, we continue to expect our 2018 THVT underlying sales growth rate to be at the higher end of 11% to 15%, aided by new TAVR and TMTT platforms in the fourth quarter. There are many patients who would benefit from TAVR who are not diagnosed or treated today, and we're encouraged that the TAVR opportunity remains robust. And we're confident in our ability to maintain a strong leadership position as this opportunity grows to over $5 billion by 2021. In Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, adjusted sales for the second quarter of $219 million were up 3% on an underlying basis, excluding the impact of the consignment conversion. Once again, our new premium aortic valve products drove underlying sales growth faster than the total procedure growth. We were pleased to see adoption of our INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve accelerate during the second quarter. This valve is designed to be an attractive option for active patients, and we've observed a trend of physicians treating younger patients in our early experience. We continue to expect to introduce this new class of resilient tissue valves in Japan this year, pending reimbursement approval, and adoption of our INTUITY Elite valve system in the U.S. contributed to our growth again in the second quarter. We are examining the root cause of the complications in specific Harpoon patients discovered last quarter and will update our introduction plans once completed. We do not expect that this will have a material impact on our 2018 surgical heart valve sales and remain optimistic about this novel therapy to treat degenerative mitral valve regurgitation. In summary, in Surgical Heart Valve Therapy we continue to expect full year 2018 underlying sales growth of 2% to 4%. Even as TAVR adoption expands, we are excited about our ability to provide innovative surgical treatment options for more patients and to extend our leadership in surgical heart valve technologies. In Critical Care, sales for the quarter were $169 million and grew 12% on an underlying basis. This performance was driven by strong growth across our product lines, led primarily by HemoSphere. Additionally, sales in the U.S. were uniquely strong this quarter aided by new GPO contracts. HemoSphere, our next generation all-in-one monitoring platform, continues to receive excellent feedback from clinicians and is expected to be an important growth driver in 2018 and beyond. As a reminder, HemoSphere offers clinicians an intuitive, simple-to-use touchscreen platform that provides a patient's hemodynamic status. We continue to plan to introduce our Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index, or HPI, to a limited number of hospitals utilizing our current platform until it becomes available on HemoSphere later this year. Our HPI algorithm was recently acknowledged in the peer-reviewed journal, Anesthesiology. It concluded that in 84% of surgical cases, HPI predicted potential dangerously low blood pressure 15 minutes before it occurred. In summary, we continue to expect full year 2018 underlying sales growth in Critical Care to be at the higher end of 6% to 8%, and we remain confident in our innovation strategy in this market-leading product line. Turning to our transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies, or TMTT, we continue to invest aggressively in this portfolio and believe we are well positioned to address this opportunity as there are millions of patients without effective treatment options. We're encouraged by the progress on each of our programs, and today I will cover some select updates. Beginning with the transcatheter mitral repair, patients are being treated commercially with Cardioband, and we're encouraged by the high level of interest from clinicians in its potential. We believe that this platform advances  we believe that as this platform advances the annular reduction provided by Cardioband can be an important first-line therapy for many mitral patients. The ongoing integration into Edwards' supply chain is making good progress but continues to constrain supply in both the mitral and tricuspid programs which limited second quarter sales to approximately $1 million. We continue to target a ramp in TMTT sales in the second half to reach approximately $15 million for the full year of 2018. Enrollment in the CLASP CE Mark trial for our PASCAL mitral repair therapy remains on track, and we still expect to launch this platform in 2019. And we continue to treat patients in our U.S. early feasibility study. In mitral valve replacement, we're continuing to see good clinical progress with both of our transseptal programs, Edwards' CardiAQ and SAPIEN M3, and we're encouraged by the positive scientific presentations at TVT last month. In transcatheter tricuspid repair, we're pleased to announce the receipt of a CE Mark for our Cardioband Tricuspid Valve Reconstruction System, and clinicians have begun treating patients. In the U.S., we're on track to begin the early feasibility study but may be limited by supply. Overall, we remain enthusiastic about the opportunities to treat patients suffering from mitral and tricuspid valve disease with our transcatheter therapies, and we continue to expect the global opportunity to be more than $3 billion by 2025. We're optimistic in achieving significant clinical milestones in 2018 and realizing our goal of launching at least one new therapy a year in each of the next several years. You can expect to hear incremental clinical updates at the upcoming PCR London Valve and PCT medical meetings. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, Mike. We continued this year's strong performance with adjusted sales in the second quarter of $972 million. At the foreign exchange rates we used to provide guidance back in April, adjusted sales would have been approximately $10 million higher. Adjusted sales grew 10% on an underlying basis. Adjusted sales exclude a $28 million sales return reserve related to our conversion to a consignment inventory model for surgical valves in the U.S. As a reminder, we initiated this consignment model in the first quarter to complement the introduction of our new premium products and streamline inventory management at hospitals. We expect to complete the conversion by the end of 2018 and estimate the conversion will impact sales by $60 million to $75 million this year. We are excluding these conversions in our non-GAAP sales results and underlying growth rates. In addition to our strong sales performance, adjusted earnings per share grew 14.8% to $1.24. GAAP earnings per share was $1.32, which includes several tax benefits and the surgical valve consignment conversion I just mentioned. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release, and I will provide further details on the tax benefits in a moment. I'll now cover the details of our second quarter results and close with an update on guidance for 2018. For the quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 74.4%, compared to 75.3% in the same period last year. This reduction was driven by a 120-basis point impact from foreign exchange and continued investments in our operations, partially offset by a more profitable product mix. We continue to expect our 2018 adjusted gross profit margin, excluding special items, to be between 74% and 76%. Selling, general and administrative expenses in the quarter were $275 million or 29.1% of sales, compared to $244 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by personnel-related expenses and the strengthening of the euro against the dollar. The ratio of SG&A as a percentage of sales would have been 80 basis points lower if you exclude the impact of the consignment conversion. We continue to expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 28% and 29% of sales for the full 2018 year. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 15% over the prior year to $154 million. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter heart valve therapy programs, including spending on clinical trials. For the full year 2018, second half spending is expected to be higher than the first half, and we continue to expect R&D, excluding special items, to be between 16% and 17% of sales. Turning to taxes, we now expect our 2018 full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be at the low end of our previous guidance range of 13% to 16%. This quarter's rate benefited from several items. Accounting for employee stock-based compensation benefited our tax rate nearly 7 percentage points and earnings per share by $0.08, which was in line with our guidance. Additionally, our reported tax rate benefited from special items this quarter that we excluded from adjusted earnings per share. Most significantly, during the quarter, we settled tax audits that resulted in a $36 million benefit to our tax provision. Additionally, we realized a year-to-date $9 million nonrecurring benefit stemming from updated U.S. tax reform planning. This quarter, total special tax items combined to benefit GAAP earnings per share by $0.24. Foreign exchange rates increased second quarter sales by $19 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now estimate a $30 million lift, or about 1%, to full year 2018 sales compared to the prior year. This current estimate is about $50 million lower than our estimate last year. Compared to our April guidance, foreign exchange rates impacted earnings per share by less than $0.01 this quarter, reflecting the effective currency hedging program we have in place. Free cash flow generated during the second quarter was $87 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $140 million, less capital spending of $53 million. Turning to our balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.4 billion. Total debt was $1.2 billion. During the quarter, we extended our credit facility and refinanced bonds to strengthen our capital structure. In June, we issued $600 million of 10-year bonds in advance of the maturity of our outstanding bonds this October and entered into a related swap agreement. As a result of our revised debt position and forecasted higher interest income for the year, we now expect our net interest expense for 2018 to be approximately $5 million. In April, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement for $400 million. Average diluted shares outstanding during the quarter declined to 214 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2018 to be between 213 million and 215 million. As of the end of the quarter, we had approximately $850 million remaining of our share repurchase authorization. Turning to our 2018 guidance, given our strong performance during the first half of the year, at current exchange rates we remain confident in achieving the higher end of each of the sales guidance ranges shared at our Investor Conference in December. Those ranges are $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion for transcatheter heart valve therapy, $810 million to $850 million for Surgical Heart Valve Therapy and $610 million to $650 million for Critical Care. And for total Edwards, $3.5 billion to $3.9 billion. For full year 2018 adjusted earnings per share, we are raising our guidance range to $4.60 to $4.75, up from our previous guidance of $4.50 to $4.70. This improvement is driven by our strong first half performance and a lower projected tax rate. Lastly, we will continue to expect full year 2018 free cash flow to be at the higher end of our original guidance range of $700 million to $775 million. For the third quarter of 2018, at current foreign exchange rates, we project total sales to be between $900 million and $950 million and adjusted earnings per share of $0.93 to $1.03. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, Scott. We remain confident in our outlook for continued strong sales growth, and we remain passionate about helping more patients around the world. We continue to focus on driving organic growth with leading innovative technologies while aggressively investing in our future. Our foundation of leadership coupled with a robust product pipeline positions us well for continued longer term success and greater shareholder value as we pursue multi-billion dollar market opportunities. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Before we open it up for questions, I'd encourage you to mark your calendars for Tuesday and Wednesday, December 4 and 5, when we will host our 2018 Investor Conference here at our corporate headquarters in Irvine. This event will include updates on our latest technologies as well as our outlook for 2019. Look for more information in the next few months. We're ready to take questions now. In order to allow broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue, and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the call. Operator, please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. And thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Oh. Great. Thank you very much, and thanks for taking the questions. I just wanted to ask two TAVR related questions, if okay. First is a question on the TAVR pipeline, and the second is a question on TAVR numbers in Europe this quarter. So I'll start with the pipeline, and I apologize if is missed this. But can you just update us on when will CENTERA be back in full launch outside the United States? And also please update us on what your latest expectations are for Ultra, both outside the United States and in the United States. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. So what we indicated, Bob, was that we had completed the minor modifications to the delivery system on CENTERA and that we planned the commercial introduction and our U.S. pivotal trial late in the third quarter. So we're going to start the pivotal in the U.S. and have a commercial introduction ready to go by the end of the third quarter. As it relates to Ultra, we're continuing to enroll patients in the small clinical trial, and we are using that to supplement our European regulatory submission. So we're on track to receive the CE Mark later this year, and in the U.S., we expect to gain U.S. regulatory approval late in 2018.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So basically, no real changes there from what you were articulating previously.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Exactly right.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then one other question I wanted to ask is on the European TAVR growth. Last quarter, you said the market grew double digits and Edwards was slower due to competition. It sounds, maybe, like from your comments here today that the competitive pressures in Europe got a little worse in the second quarter. Is that the right read? Was that all pricing? Or was that volume? Just maybe a little more color on what's going on outside the United States this particular quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. We felt like we saw some change in behavior from our competitors on pricing. We made a strategic decision. We've been operating this way for quite a while to maintain our pricing, and we're willing to cede share over the short term to competitors who have chose to price aggressively. We've observed some recent behavior, appears to be  it's kind of a more aggressive regional pricing and they don't  they're not  we kind of maintained this careful control on a global basis. So we don't see that same behavior all the time from our competitors.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. I'll leave others to follow-up a little on that. I'm sure there'll be more questions on pricing, but thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: All right. Good afternoon. Thank you. Just a follow-up on the same topic with regards to European share trend and pricing. Can you just talk a little about what you're assuming for the rest of this year to the extent that the change in competitive behavior was perhaps a bit of a surprise? Why are you confident that that dynamic doesn't get worse throughout the course of this year such that you're able to still hit the higher end of your range? And as part of that, can you talk a little about the importance of having CENTERA and Ultra available? Is that a big part of why you're confident? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, thanks, Isaac. You put your finger on it. Yeah, one of the things that gives us comfort is the fact that we have SAPIEN 3 Ultra and CENTERA, two terrific valve systems, coming. We really believe that it's going to reinforce our leadership position. We're quite prepared for that Ultra launch in Europe, and we expect that to be a strong one. And then CENTERA's coming along as well. And so this is going to be a chance for us to touch many of our customers across Europe and, we think, change the dynamic in a time when, even though SAPIEN 3 is the best-in-class valve platform, it's been in place for a couple years now.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thanks, Mike. And Scott, just a question on the EPS cadence for the rest of this year, your updated guidance does seem to call for a pretty big sequential pickup from 3Q into 4Q. Can you maybe give us a little more detail as to the key assumptions that underpin that? And to the extent that the new product launches are part of it, that'll be a helpful addition. Thank you.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. The EPS guidance increase midpoint is $0.07 or $0.08, and it reflects the beat in the second quarter, which resulted from a couple things. One was the  really the delay in recording some expenses that we expect to record now in the second half of the year. And so part of that beat in the second half is going to be contributing to EPS  or beat in the first half is going to be contributing to higher EPS in the second half and part of it is going to go to more investment in R&D and catching up on some spending.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Hey, Mike, let me ask you two big-picture questions. So the MEDCAC and the NCD, just could you give us your thoughts on the MEDCAC yesterday and if you think the reopening of the NCD will be a net positive for TAVR? And if so, why. And I had a follow-up question.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, yeah. Thanks a lot, Larry. We saw, obviously, those mixed reactions that came out of the MEDCAC panel yesterday. There was a  we'd say, a lack of consensus. That was not surprising to us. We believe that CMS understands the key issues. They're going to take them into consideration, and they'll look at volume correlations but they'll also think deeply about quality. And they'll also think deeply about access and how that relates to the underserved. So ultimately, we believe that this is really not a change to our long-term thinking. We expect the adoption of TAVR therapy to continue to grow, and we're confident in the $5 billion plus opportunity by 2021.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. And then there's several ongoing mitral group (28:46) outcome studies, Mike, as you know that'll begin reading out in 2018, most notably MITRA.fr at ESC and COAPT which is expected to be at TCT in September. Can you talk about the potential impact to the field and your expectations? There's been obviously a lot of nervousness among clinicians, a lot of this reported in the medical press. If these studies only show quality of life benefits but no benefit to mortality and hospitalizations, for example, how will that impact the field? Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: We continue to believe that a successful COAPT will be very beneficial, but aside from that, we believe the TMTT opportunity is likely to reach more than $1 billion by 2021 regardless of the result. Negative COAPT could perhaps be an issue, but more likely people are going to point to the trial endpoint design. So it's something that we think deeply. We work very closely with FDA when we design our own endpoints, but it's pretty rare  when have you a technology that's going to impact mortality, I think you're going to have some very successful products that have an impact on quality of life. If you were to actually get a mortality impact, I think that is probably above and beyond what people are anticipating today.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Scott, just a financial question for you, and then maybe a strategic one for Mike. Just on the three tier earnings guide, Scott, if I look at your historical cycling at the midpoint of your range, it kind of implies you do the upper end around $1.03 in the third quarter. So I'm just sort of curious, what gets to you the bottom end of the earnings range for the third quarter? Because that would put you sort of outside of your kind of historical cycling.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: That's probably, David, really tied to just sequencing and phasing of when we record expenses during the third quarter. That's probably what's going to influence most our earnings per share. We will get some contributions to EPS from the CENTERA introduction and from the CAP in the U.S., but those are really fourth quarter events, not third quarter events, to your question.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, Mike, just two kind of strategic thoughts, clinical questions. The first would be embolic protection. Obviously one of your competitors sort of made a move to perhaps build that market. Have your views around embolic protection changed at all? And I appreciate your comments on PASCAL, it sounds like you're on track. We heard some things about detachment issues ex-U.S. Just want to sort of ask about those issues and why you still remain very confident in the outlook for PASCAL. Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. Yeah. On the acquisition, the system that was studied, when it was used with Edwards valves it didn't show any benefit. And so recall with the SAPIEN 3 data that you've seen in the past, there's very low stroke rates at 1% at 30 days. So our belief is that adding another delivery system, another catheter, potentially adds as much risk as it erases. So for the additional cost, it's not worth it. So, we don't think it's going to be an important part of the therapy. As it relates to PASCAL  does that answer that question, David?
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Yes, sir.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay. So as it relates to PASCAL, we're pleased with the way that's going. Enrollment is on track, and we look forward to having the results presented at future medical meetings. We plan to complete the PASCAL CE Mark trial in 2018 and expect to launch the product in 2019.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Hi. This is Anthony in for Raj. Maybe just to go back to NCD, MEDCAC. Just  when you compare the public comments, they seem to be more notably positive than sort of the comments out of MEDCAC . I'm just wondering, how do you weight those two as you go into the final decision? And should we get a situation where the volume requirements are actually eased, do you see a situation where perhaps that possibly could bend the growth curve upward? And then a quick follow-up would just be on Cardioband into second half. I think the guide is still for $15 million full year. Just how should we think about the ramp into Q3, Q4? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, yeah, I mean if you watched that MEDCAC panel, there were a lot of different voices that came through. Our belief is that CMS understands those key issues pretty well and are going to take them into consideration the full range. It's not the MEDCAC panel that ultimately matters, its how that new NCD gets written. And that's probably going to happen sometime over the next year. We believe that the qualification shouldn't be based solely on volume requirements and our priority is to ensure equitable access. It's probably too early for us to comment on how it's going to go. The  I think all of their comments in total, whether it's the panel themselves or the public comments that have been coming in and continue to come in are all going to be considered by CMS.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: And on the Cardioband second half impact, I think you should expect that we're going to be ramping between now and year-end and so you should expect more sales in Q4 than in Q3.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: That's helpful. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So as we previously indicated, we're in the process of integrating the Cardioband supply chain into the Edwards quality system and the inventory might be constrained throughout 2018 as we continue that process. So we're still in position where we expect to ramp TMTT sales in the second half to reach approximately $15 million for the full year.
Anthony Petrone - Jefferies LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, Mike. Thanks for taking my question. Two TAVR related questions for you. More sort of 20,000-foot view, one of them. And then one specific to your business. So you exit the first half I believe somewhere around 11% underlying growth in that business and you've reiterated the expectation you'll be at the top end. So you're obviously looking to accelerate that in the second half. And then I know you're not ready to give 2019 guidance but it certainly looks like the set-up is with low risk data coming in the first half of the year, CENTERA and Ultra launches as you've mentioned and then the approval for low risk in the second half of the next year, are we possibly about to embark on a calendarized next four or five quarters where the growth profile for your TAVR business, perhaps TAVR for everyone in the market, accelerates a little bit?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Let me see if I can answer. First, I believe that the first half sales was more in the 12%, 12.5% range and not 11% so it's not maybe quite as big a leap. But we do continue to expect to be at the higher end of 11% to 15%. What we've got going for us is the fact that we've got Ultra and CENTERA coming later in the year. The TMTT, the Cardioband, gets reported in that category. And we also have CAP which will be a contributor. Remember, that's a nonrandomized trial. So, all those help contribute to the growth rate in the fourth quarter if you will. Looking forward, we're not ready to share any growth rates for next year. As you know, we feel like the CAGR is going to average in the mid-teens to reach this $5 billion plus opportunity by 2021 for the broad market and we expect and we're confident that we're going to prove non-inferiority with the positive clinical trial output. We're not really  expecting superiority, Jason, if that's a bit of where you're going. So at this point, I think you're going to have to wait for the investor conference to get a projection for 2019, but we continue to feel that strategically, we're very well positioned. We have a rich pipeline and we're aggressive investors in this space and we continue to know that there's a large untreated group of patients that we can reach in the future.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful, Mike. And just following up on that. Your comment about the non-inferiority versus superiority. Do you think that there is a different market reaction if you do indeed get  show data that's either superior or trending towards that? And if you don't get it as you'd expected, do you still expect that the low risk data will have a positive impact on the market? And then lastly on that front, similarly, with respect to your market estimates, at even 10% growth the market would CAGR over the next two years, you're going to get to that $5 billion mark probably a year earlier than 2021. So I just wanted to make sure that I heard you right, that when you say by 2021 that...
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: You're not expecting slowing growth. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So I mean, on your first point, Jason, we think the market's pretty smart. They know that this trial is powered for non-inferiority, that it would take a much, much larger trial to drive superiority. So I don't think anybody is really seriously expecting superiority. So when we prove non-inferiority, we think that's a net positive because it's going to impact an FDA approval, which will be supported then by reimbursement, and it will give clinicians the opportunity to expand their treatment. Separate from that though, I think you were talking about how we think that  we're continuing to see that this technology has a lot of legs. Length of stay is improving, quality of life. It's a preferred procedure by patients. And so when we said plus $5 billion by 2021, we realize that there's upside. So, of course, there's an upside in that number, that marker out there but I think I think when we made that prediction, it was out there four or five years, which always is a little bit dangerous. But we continue to feel confident in what we said.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore. Please proceed.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So maybe, Mike, now I want to start off on the last question on the back half guidance, right, the acceleration implied by the guidance. If you look at the Cardioband guidance, so that's going to contribute somewhere north of 100 bps of growth in the back half, right? So TAVR which has done about 12%, 12.5% in the first half, that's going to accelerate north of 13.5% in the back half, which still implies TAVR is going to improve by about another 100 bps, right, to get us close to that 15% in the back half or north of 15%. Now, I'm just curious because it seems like a lot of this optimism is being baked around Ultra and CENTERA launch in Europe and given that these are premium price product and the commentary we've heard on competition being  pricing aggressively in select regions for it, I'm just trying to match why CENTERA and Ultra, if they're going to be premium priced, why are they going to accelerate growth in the back half?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So a couple of things. One is, we're not shaken by what happens in any given quarter on market share that it's some kind of fundamental change to the heart valve market. These are heart valves. People buy heart valves based on quality, based on proven outcomes with scientific studies, and we think that they'll continue to do that. When we have products like CENTERA and Ultra that are going to be introduced, those are some pretty terrific products, and we think they're really going to get people's attention and they're going to be interested in those. And those are going to give us some lift. But as you properly no doubt note, TMTT, what happens in Cardioband is also going to give us a lift and that CAP study that's going to coming shortly will also give us a lift. So that combination gives us a lot of confidence that we're going to be at the high end of the 11% to 15% range.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI: That's helpful, Mike. I forgot about the CAP study. Maybe on that last comment on TMTT, that's implied fourth quarter Cardioband number, right? Is that a normalized run-rate number, Mike? Because is there some catch-up of this demand, right? Because right now we're supply constrained. Does that 4Q, if that's a north of a $12 million  let's call it high singles or $10 million number  should we annualize that for next year? Or is there  what's the normalized quarterly run-rate for that Cardioband number?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, Vijay, in the field this soon I think it's a little early for us to be projecting how we end the year and how to plan 2019 and beyond. We do think there's a lot of demand there and that we'll be able to hit the numbers that we projected during the fourth quarter. But I'll ask that you have some patience and wait till the Investor Conference, and we'll try and lay out what our longer-term plans are at that time.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI: Thank you, guys.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please proceed.
Christopher Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. Mike, Abbott announced the start of their Tendyne U.S. trial earlier today. You mentioned you're making good progress with your own mitral replacement programs. Can you give us any more color on when you think you could be in a position to ramp up clinical activity there with one or both of those products? And is it still your plan to wait until you have a transseptal system fully ready to go before you start your own U.S. trial?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yes. Yeah, I think we reported on the call here that we continue to see good clinical progress with both of those platforms, and our strategy is unchanged. We are very focused on transseptal. We think that the transseptal solution is going to be necessary to drive the safety and the efficacy and the chance to really drive that opportunity. And so we're not deterred by the fact that there might be a transapical system that comes sooner. We just don't think that's going to be really meaningful in the long-term.
Christopher Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. And then I wanted to ask a rare Critical Care question here. That business has been a real standout performer in the first half of the year, and at this point you're running at about 10% underlying growth. You guided to 8%. Can you talk about the drivers there? And is there any reason we should necessarily expect that momentum to fall off and come down to that lower level?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Our Critical Care team is not used to having the spotlight here, but I'm sure they welcome it. We did see really strong growth, and one of the things that underpins it is the HemoSphere. But the other thing that I'll note is that we had some help in the U.S. by new GPO contracts. So we're not ready to say that you should count on this same growth rate throughout the year, but nonetheless, we're expecting this to be a strong year for Critical Care and to be at the high end of the 6% to 8% growth rate.
Christopher Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my question. Can we revert back for a moment into Europe? Trying to better understand the dynamics there. How much of it is companies who have had products in the market for a long time compressing their pricing? And how much of it may be is some newer products or companies just coming on in now with lower prices?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. You know, it's actually a little bit of both. So we still have the longer term competitor that does some aggressive pricing, but we also see that the Symetis product that's now in the hands of a larger company, going to places that they haven't been before and also sort of continuing some of the aggressive pricing of the past.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And as a follow-up, just to sort of set the stage for next year because I think most investors assume you get low risk approval in 2019, what kind of ramp do you think we should expect? And similar to the intermediate risk level approval, do you think that you'll start to see some flow-through after the data presentation and before approval by the FDA?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. It's a good question, Joanne. We're going to spend some time really trying to lay that out in detail. Our history is that, yeah, the data itself does drive some level of performance, but the actual approval by FDA does also bring reimbursement along with it. So those both are factors. In our experience, it kind of smoothes over time. It's not a step function, and we would expect that to be the case in 2019. But probably not prepared at this point to be able to get much deeper than that.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Mike, two questions on the U.S. market. So it sounds like the U.S. market was in line with your  the market and your sales were in line with your expectations, but in past quarters when the U.S. would come in better, Mike, you always called out new centers. And you always called out volumes coming in stronger at the new centers. So I'm wondering, can you give us some color as to how many centers you started up in the second quarter? And are you still getting the strong demand from these new centers? And then I had a follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Glenn. Yeah. We did get new centers. I don't know the number, but I think we're closing in to around 600 centers at this time in the U.S. And what my commentary was intended to do was not to say that we didn't get a lift from new centers, because we did, but we saw it very broad-based. We also saw a lift in the centers that had been around for  very large centers that have been around for a while. So it was particularly broad-based this quarter.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And then just as a follow-up, the NCD that's going to be considered over the next 12 months. Do you think that has any impact near-term on more centers opening up? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, I mean, I don't think in the near term there's going to be any change. When we actually see what's written in the NCD, it could have some impact. Now, what do we think is going to happen? It's a little difficult for us to predict the future, but if you were to ask us strategically if we changed our outlook, no. We haven't changed our outlook. We think the NCD is going to provide a favorable climate, and so that TAVR technology will continue to expand.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel. Please proceed.
Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good afternoon, Mike. How you doing? I know  turning to mitral, you've touched on it in various ways. It's hard to predict and you're not yet in the clinic with M3 or CardiAQ but just as I reflect on the next couple of years it would seem like there's going to be a couple of mitral replacement devices hanging in the clinic with very large trials. Do you worry at all? Should we be concerned at all that it's going to be difficult to enroll or something more challenging than usual? How are you thinking about that?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, this is one of the reasons why we're, frankly, attracted to TF as an option. We would imagine it might be difficult to enroll a TA trial. We know what the rate of surgery is today for mitral patients and its not attractive. And although TA might be incrementally better than open chest surgery, we don't think it's a big enough leap to really change treatment patterns and that's why we're convinced the transseptal offering is the right approach to take on a longer-term basis.
Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got you. And to follow up on Ultra, just wanted to make sure I understand your viewpoint. Is Ultra market share driving, price sustaining? Is it procedure expanding? Just help me understand how it might stem  or offset the EU tide of share loss that we've seen there if at all. Is that the right way to think about it? Maybe reframe the way I'm saying it.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, we hadn't initially pegged it as a share gainer. We look at it as one that has greatly enhanced features and help us maintain our leadership. But having said that, it's an opportunity for us to go out there and spend time with each center. It's a chance for us to go through the training process and we think they're going to like what they see.
Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And just a last quick one on Japan. You said it was strong. Is it running as expected? Are you  now you that  every quarter that passes, do you have a greater sense of that market that there might be some upside there? Again, any color would be welcome. Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, we've always found Japan to be an incredible opportunity. We think the opportunity is still very significant. It's tracking just about what we expected but it's a lot to say. As fast as TAVR is growing, it is our fastest growing region again this quarter. We continue to see strong TAVR adoptions and several new centers were being added there. So, that's an encouraging sign.
Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, I unfortunately watched that MEDCAC yesterday and I was struck by the almost total lack of interest in the data that both you and Medtronic put forward regarding center variability and the fact that even if there's a little bit, it pales in comparison to non-treatment, which is your point. But my question is, you guys have a lot of experience with SAVR. There was no real discussion about what the volume to outcome relationship is for SAVR, which is a much more invasive procedure with probably greater chance for poor outcomes if things aren't done exactly properly. Could you comment on that and how that might fit into the ultimate decision CMS makes?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yes. Yeah, I wish you were on the panel yesterday because your observation is a good one. I think there are going to be a number of considerations that go into reconsidering the NCD. The panel was asked to focus on nine specific questions and that wasn't one of the questions that they were really asked to delve into. I think we think it's a fascinating one and it's a really important one. We continue to believe that both TAVR and surgical valve replacement procedures should be expanded but they should be restricted to programs that deliver high quality outcomes. So, we are of that mind, and we think that CMS is going to take a broad perspective when they reconsider the NCD.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And a very brief follow-up. Just on the  when you mentioned 10% ex-U.S. underlying growth in TAVR, was that not counting the slight ASP uplift you're referring to procedures? I just want to be very clear about that.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So the slight uplift in ASP  what we were talking about was on a global basis. And so on the global basis, you saw regions like Japan and U.S., which have stronger ASPs grow faster, and so that's what I was trying to indicate by the ASP, right?
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. So your TAVR revenue growth ex-U.S. was around 10%?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Correct. Yes.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen and Company. Please proceed.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking the questions. I was hoping, Mike, to just get your view or just experience here over the last half of the year on surgeons' behavior, particularly whether or not they're defending their territory, or any last gasp efforts in front of low risk data next year. I mean, the MEDCAC meeting occurred. You had the consensus expert document that was run by surgical societies primarily, but just wanted to kind of hear what you're experiencing out there on the surgeons' side in terms of whether they're defending their turf more aggressively at some of these centers.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I think we have a lot of common views with those that were involved with the consensus documents, but there's other places where we depart. And we can accuse the other side just as they accuse us of being self-interested, so I set that aside. I like to think that the evidence is going to prevail and that there's going to be good sense. You have this remarkable procedure in TAVR that really addresses a very serious and debilitating disease with a procedure that's safe and very effective and can be performed around the world, actually, at a high level of proficiency, and we don't think that's going to be lost. So ultimately I think it's going to come through. The practice of medicine always changes frustratingly slow, and so we're not totally surprised by that. But ultimately we think the technology will stand on its own merits.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for that. And I just wanted to follow up just with you calling out the CAP program as a modest tailwind in the second half year. Can we just  help us think through the clinical revenue headwinds that you guys were facing in the first half? I mean, low risk trial was enrolling at full pace is my understanding in the first half of last year, and the early TAVR and TAVR UNLOAD I believe are kind of slower enrolling trials. But any type of color in terms of the clinical revenue headwind you faced in the first half that's now going to be resolved by the CAP program coming on, it would be great. Thanks again.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I don't know. I mean, it's possibly helpful to think about it this way. Our low risk finished up at the end of last year, but remember the low risk trial was a randomized trial, so half of the patients would have gotten SAPIEN 3, half of them no therapy. When you implement a CAP program, it's not a randomized trial. So you can almost think of it as at twice the pace as you would have had in terms of clinical, because you don't have the half that would have gotten surgery. Hello? Are you there?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Partners. Please proceed.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thank you so much for taking the question. I just wanted to follow up  and I'm sorry. It keeps coming up on the call, but just as we look at the back half and the market share loss that you guys talked about in Europe, and I appreciate that Ultra's definitely an improvement, CENTERA as well. You'll be re-launching or restarting the launch of CENTERA. But how do you think about the receptivity of some of the European accounts to price uplift? I am hearing that Medtronic is getting a premium relative to their Evolut R for Evolut PRO, but I'm also hearing Portico is pricing it at a 50% discount. So I'm just trying to get a sense of how aggressive some of these other players are and what that's doing to the mindset of some of these centers as it relates to paying even more relative to SAPIEN 3.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. We think that heart valves are very important. We have a very long term history with surgical heart valves, and we choose not to really approach that as a market that should be buying on price. I mean, this is something that's expected to keep you alive for years, and we think that  we try and offer a lot of value. We back up our best technology and continue to try and push it and back it up with a lot of evidence. And so we just  we don't compromise on pricing. It's not surprising to have competitors at a lower price, and so this is not unexpected. And it's always going to be a little bit lumpy. But on a long-term basis, we expect that the best technology is going to prevail and maintain a strong leadership position.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: And so, I guess, are you in essence sort of saying you highlighted some share loss the last two quarters ex-U.S.? These new products, even though you are expecting to price them at a premium, you think they help you regain share? Or do you think it just improves the mix for Edwards?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I think we're very proud to be the leader, and we expect to be able to maintain that leadership. It probably does help from a share perspective, Danielle.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Robbie Marcus with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And thanks for taking the question. Scott, I wanted to ask you a financial question here. With the tax guidance, the low end of 13% to 15% now, versus 19% to 21% at the Analyst Day before tax reform, can you help us understand how much of the EPS revision this year has come from financial leverage, like lower tax, debt pay-down, share buyback and how much of it has been from operational gains?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. So tax legislation probably contributed about 5%, 5 percentage points to the reduction in our effective tax rate. Before we got some benefit from some refined interpretation about the tax legislation. So it's probably a bit more than 5 percentage points. And then we got some benefit as well that was in excess of what we expected for the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation. So those two together reduced the rate pretty significantly from the original guidance at the Investor Conference.
Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And how much of this tax rate is sustainable? How do we think about what it should be on an ongoing basis in 2019 and beyond?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. So this year, think low end of that 13% to 16% range. Longer term, we're still processing how we're going to true-up and realize the benefits of the tax legislation, and so we'll give you more guidance at the Investor Conference. But I think directionally the guidance we would provide would probably be mid-teens at this point, and we'll give you some more definition around that as we get to the Investor Conference.
Robert J. Marcus - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And maybe just one quick follow-up. Capital allocation, you did the ASR earlier this year, but cash continues to build. How should we think about future uses of that cash? Do you look to build out or supplement the mitral  transcatheter mitral and tricuspid pipeline? Or is share repurchase going to be the focus? Thanks.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. So, our capital allocation priorities haven't really changed. The first call on cash is continuing to invest in our internal growth programs and programs especially that would generate higher returns over the long-term. Second is supplementing those internal programs with external investments, whether it's minority investments or acquisitions of companies on the smaller size. And then we get to financial engineering and using our balance sheet, like share repurchase, which we'll continue to do over time. As a reminder, we've got $850 million of share repurchase authorization left.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay. Well, thanks, all. We appreciate your continued interest in Edwards, and Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. Back to you, David.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call, which include underlying sales and growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 136-81-143. Let me repeat those numbers. Dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, and the conference number is 136-81-143. Additionally, an audio replay will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's web conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson - VP, Investor Relations Michael Mussallem - Chairman & CEO Scott Ullem - Corporate VP & CFO
Analysts: Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity Limited David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Robert Marcus - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities Rajbir Denhoy - Jefferies Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Group Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bruce Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Christopher Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Joshua Jennings - Cowen and Company
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Edwards Lifesciences First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our first quarter 2018 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and the accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A.  Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance, expectations for clinical trials and the timing and impact of new product approvals, competitive matters, litigation, therapy adoption and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today.  Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and adjusted, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. And now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, David. We're pleased with our start to 2018, with first quarter total adjusted sales of $938 million, consistent with our expectations. This represents 9% underlying growth and positions us for 10% to 11% underlying sales growth this year. Therapy adoption of transcatheter heart valves once again drove the majority of growth, aided by solid performance in our other product lines.  Adjusted EPS grew 30% even while investing aggressively and making significant progress in our Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid Therapies, and as we continue to build capabilities and advance clinical trials across our portfolio of replacement and repair technologies. Most importantly, even more patients are benefiting from our lifesaving technologies than ever before.  Turning to Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy. We're announcing 2 new developments in our TAVR U.S. clinical trials and will discuss those in a moment. In the quarter, consistent with our expectations, adjusted gross sales were $560 million, up 12% on an underlying basis over the prior year. This growth rate includes the final quarter of adjustments for stocking inventory in Germany, which began a year ago. Growth was driven by continued strong therapy adoption, and our global average selling price remained stable.  In the U.S., transcatheter heart valve procedures for the first quarter grew in the mid-teens versus prior year. We believe overall U.S. procedure growth was roughly in line with our growth. Strong therapy adoption continue to fuel procedure growth broadly across our network of hospitals, and our SAPIEN 3 valve has continued it's best-in-class clinical performance.  Growth was particularly strong in lower volume centers, where this therapy is increasingly accessible to a broader population of aortic stenosis patients. Based on our continued research, we are increasingly confident there are many patients who would benefit from TAVR and are not diagnosed or treated today. We are increasing our efforts to communicate with physicians to help them properly identify patients and assist them with navigating the care pathway. Outside the U.S., our procedure growth rate was in the low double digits. We continue to see excellent long-term potential for growth, and we believe TAVR therapy penetration is still relatively low. Procedure growth in Europe was double digits this quarter while our growth was lower due to a year-over-year shift in share to our largest competitor. We look forward to the introduction of SAPIEN 3 Ultra and CENTERA valves to strengthen our leadership position.  Growth in countries with lower TAVR adoption rates continued to outpace countries where the therapy is more established. In Japan, our highest growth region, we continue to see strong TAVR therapy adoption with a few new centers being added. We believe Edwards procedure growth in the first quarter was in line with the overall procedure growth in that geography where aortic stenosis remains a large undertreated disease.  As previously reported, we're conducting a small clinical trial of our SAPIEN 3 Ultra system to supplement our European regulatory submission. This was unanticipated at the start of the process and is a reflection of the evolving European regulatory climate. We expect to complete enrollment of these patients this quarter and to receive CE Mark approval of the Ultra system in the second half of 2018. And following discussions with FDA, we continue to feel confident in the U.S. approval of this system in late 2018.  In February, we were pleased to receive CE Mark for our premium price, self-expanding CENTERA valve, which contributed a minimal amount of sales this quarter. Clinician feedback has been very positive for this innovative valve system, and we have begun a targeted introduction to strategically position this valve in specific European centers.  Additionally, we're pleased to announce approval of a U.S. pivotal trial to study CENTERA for severe symptomatic aortic stenosis patients who are at intermediate-risk for open heart surgery. We're enthused to launch this rigorous study, which we believe will build an extremely robust body of evidence to support the introduction and positioning of this feature-rich, self-expanding valve system. We expect to begin enrollment in Q3 of this single-arm trial, which will study nearly 1,000 patients with a 1-year endpoint, including enrolling patients and a bicuspid sub study. Since it will be conducted in current Edwards centers, it's not likely to result in incremental sales but will increase R&D spending.  Separately, I'm pleased to announce the U.S. approval of a limited Continued Access Protocol, or CAP, of our PARTNER III trial for low-risk patients with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis. Since the low-risk trial has completed enrollment, the study will allow for the ongoing treatment at selected clinical sites of a limited number of low-risk patients with a SAPIEN 3 transcatheter heart valve. We expect the CAP program to commence in the third quarter. We continue to anticipate data from the PARTNER III trial to be presented at the ACC in March of 2019, and to receive FDA approval of a low-risk indication late that year.  In summary, we continue to expect our THVT full year 2018 underlying sales growth rate to be at the higher end of 11% to 15%.  Turning the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy. Adjusted sales for the first quarter of $214 million were up 2% on an underlying basis. These results exclude a sales return reserve related to a strategic change to convert to a consignment-inventory model. This will complement the introduction of our new premium products and streamline our inventory management. Scott's going to discuss this more -- in more detail in just a moment.  Edwards new products drove underlying sales growth at a rate higher than total procedure growth. Underlying heart valve sales grew in the mid-single digits compared to a mid-single-digit decline from the smaller repair segment.  Adoption of our INTUITY Elite valve system in the U.S. continued to be strong during the quarter, and we've seen high demand for our recently launched INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve. This valve is designed to be an attractive option for active patients, which is reflected in the trend to younger patients in our earlier experience. We continue to expect to introduce this new class of resilient tissue valves in Japan this year, pending reimbursement approval.  Since completing our acquisition of Harpoon Medical in December last year, our integration activities have been going very well, with significant progress made to our midyear 2018 European launch. However, have we recently learned of complications with three of the 65 treated in early clinical studies. While still early, we're looking into the root cause, which may influence the timing of our commercial launch. We do not expect this to have a material impact on the 2018 surgical heart valve sales and remain optimistic about this innovative therapy to treat degenerative mitral valve regurgitation.  In summary, in Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, we continue to expect full year 2018 underlying sales growth of 2% to 4%.  In Critical Care, sales for the quarter were $164 million and grew 8% on an underlying basis. This performance was driven by strong growth across the portfolio, led primarily by HemoSphere and strong regional performance in the U.S. and Asia Pacific.  HemoSphere, our next-generation all-in-one monitoring platform, continues to receive excellent feedback from clinicians and is expected to be an important growth driver in 2018 and beyond. HemoSphere is designed to provide greater clarity on a patient's hemodynamic status to enable clinicians to make timely, potentially life-saving decisions.  During the first quarter, we are pleased to announce the regulatory approval of our Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index, or HPI, in the U.S. We plan to introduce this technology to a limited number of hospitals utilizing our current platform until it's available on HemoSphere later this year. This first-of-a-kind technology leverages predictive analytics to alert clinicians to address potential hypotension or low blood pressure before it occurs in their surgical patients.  In summary, based on our momentum, we now expect full year 2018 underlying sales growth in Critical Care at the higher end of 6% to 8%.  Turning to our Transcatheter Mitral and Tricuspid programs, or TMTT, we continue to invest aggressively in this portfolio of therapies and believe we are well positioned to address this opportunity as there are millions of patients without effective treatment options. We're encouraged by the continued progress on each of our programs, and in the quarter, treated patients with all of our TMTT repair and replacement therapies. We continue to be optimistic about each of their potential to be a valuable treatment option. Today, I will cover some select updates.  Beginning with Transcatheter Mitral repair, we recorded sales of less than $1 million. Patients are being treated with the CE Mark-approved Cardioband, and we're encouraged by the high procedural success rates. As previously indicated, we're integrating the Cardioband supply chain into the Edwards Quality System, and inventory may be constrained throughout 2018 as we continue that process.  We continue to expect TMTT sales to ramp throughout the year to approximately $15 million for the full year 2018. We believe that the annular reduction provided by Cardioband can be an important first-line therapy for many mitral patients.  Enrollment in our CLASP, CE Mark trial for our PASCAL transcatheter mitral repair program remains on track, and we expect to launch this platform in 2019. We are also on track to initiate our U.S. trial later this year.  In mitral valve replacement, we're continuing to see good clinical progress with both of our transseptal platforms, Edwards CardiAQ and SAPIEN M3. During the quarter, at the CRT meeting in Washington, D.C., promising early clinical data for M3 were presented. The early experience was encouraging and suggested the system is feasible for the treatment of patients with severe MR who are at higher risk for mitral valve surgery.  In our tricuspid repair therapies, we're pleased to announce we completed enrollment of our Cardioband tricuspid CE Mark trial and remain on track to begin introducing this platform in Europe later this year. In the U.S., we continue to activate sites for an early feasibility study. Overall, we remain enthusiastic about the opportunities to treat patients suffering from tricuspid and mitral valve disease with our transcatheter therapies. We're optimistic in achieving our significant clinical milestones in 2018 and realizing our goal of launching at least one new therapy a year in each of the next several years. And you can expect to hear more clinical updates at the upcoming EuroPCR and TVT medical meetings.  Before I turn it over to Scott, as we previously indicated, Boston Scientific initiated litigation that involves multiple patents in multiple countries that will likely yield numerous court actions over an extended period of time. The recent developments have not changed our view that Boston's patents are invalid, and we're confident in our leading intellectual property position. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thank you, Mike. We continue to see robust demand for TAVR therapy, which generated total company underlying sales growth of 9.3%. In addition to our strong sales performance, we achieved significant leverage with adjusted operating income growing 14% and adjusted earnings per share growing 30% to $1.22, aided by a reduced tax rate.  There were two adjustments to our reported sales in the first quarter, first, this is the final quarter in which we recorded an adjustment for our German stocking sales. And second, adjusted sales excludes a $35 million sales return reserve related to our conversion to a consignment inventory model for surgical valves in the United States. We decided to implement this model to complement the introduction of our new premium products and to streamline inventory management at hospitals. We estimate this conversion will be completed by year-end, which will result in an additional sales return reserves during the course of this year and will total an estimated $60 million to $75 million in 2018.  We will exclude these reserves in our non-GAAP sales results and underlying growth rates. As a reminder, the Medtronic royalty, which is included in our U.S. sales, was lower this quarter. The royalty rate, reduced on January 1, per the terms of the agreement and we expect the full year 2018 royalty to be $15 million to $20 million less than it was in 2017.  GAAP earnings per share was $0.96, which was impacted by 2 notable adjustments, a $24 million tax reserve related to the new U.S. tax law; and the surgical valve sales return reserve I just mentioned. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release, and I will provide further details on the tax reserve in a moment.  I'll now cover the details of our first quarter results and then discuss guidance for 2018. For the quarter, our adjusted gross profit margin was 74.5% compared to 75.7% in the same period last year. This reduction was driven primarily by the impact from foreign exchange and some continued investments in our operations, partially offset by a more profitable product mix, led by growing sales of TAVR. We continue to expect our 2018 adjusted gross profit margin, excluding special items, to be between 74% and 76%.  Selling, general and administrative expenses in the first quarter were $256 million or 28.6% of sales compared to $230 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by the strengthening of the euro against the dollar and personnel-related expenses. The ratio of SG&A as a percentage of sales would have been 130 basis points lower if you exclude the impact of the special sales adjustments. We continue to expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 28% and 29% of sales for the full year 2018.  Research and development expense in the quarter grew 11% over the prior year to $143 million or 16% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter heart valve programs, including spending on clinical trials. The ratio of research and development as a percentage of sales would have been 70 basis points lower if you exclude the impact of the special sales adjustments. For the full year 2018, we continue to expect research and development, excluding special items, to be between 16% and 17% of sales.  Turning to taxes. Our reported tax rate of 21.6% for the quarter was driven by a $24 million reserve against the tax benefit we recognized last quarter in connection with U.S. tax reform. The need for the reserve was triggered by new guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service during February.  Excluding the impact of this reserve, and other special items, our tax rate would have been 13.2%. This was a lower rate and driven by more favorable benefit from U.S. tax reform and higher employee stock-based compensation deductions. We now expect our 2018 tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 13% and 16%.  Foreign exchange rates increased fourth quarter sales by $36 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now estimate an $80 million lift, or about 2%, to full year 2018 sales compared to the prior year. Compared to our February guidance, FX rates positively impacted earnings per share by $0.04 this quarter.  Free cash flow generated during the first quarter was $108 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $151 million, less capital spending of $43 million.  Turning to our balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.5 billion, the majority of which was held outside the U.S. Total debt was $1.1 billion. Average shares outstanding during the first quarter, remained level with the prior quarter at 215 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2018 to be between 213 million and 215 million.  Turning to our 2018 guidance. Given our strong start to the year, combined with the strengthening of the euro, at current exchange rates, we remain confident in achieving the higher end of each of the sales guidance ranges shared at our investor conference in December. Those ranges are, $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion for Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy; $810 million to $850 million for Surgical Heart Valve Therapy; and $610 million to $650 million for Critical Care; and for total Edwards, $3.5 billion to $3.9 billion.  For full year 2018 adjusted earnings per share, we now expect to be between $4.50 and $4.70, up from our previous guidance of $4.43 to $4.63. This improvement was driven by a lower projected tax rate, partially offset by increased investments from our tax savings to accelerate growth initiatives, consistent with our strategy.  Lastly, we continue to expect full year 2018 free cash flow to be at the higher end of our original guidance range of $700 million to $775 million.  For the second quarter of 2018, at current foreign exchange rates, we project total sales to be between $950 million and $1 billion, and adjusted earnings per share of $1.05 to $1.15, excluding special items. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. We're confident in our outlook for continued strong sales goal, and we remain passionate about helping more patients around the world. We continue to focus on driving organic growth with leading innovative technologies while aggressively investing in our future. Our foundation of leadership, coupled with a robust product pipeline, positions us well for continued longer-term success and greater shareholder value as we put -- as we pursue multibillion-dollar market opportunities.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. We're ready to take questions now. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity.
Jason Mills: Mike, can you hear me okay?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I hear you fine, Jason.
Jason Mills: Super. Mike, maybe if we could start by talking about the U.S. TAVR market. Coming out of the fourth quarter result, it was somewhat surprising in a lot of ways, the strength, just coming couple of months after your Investor Day, in which you gave your guidance, which you reiterated today. Q4 results were stronger and you talked about some of the end-of-quarter trends that you saw, as well as strength that's sort of surprised us in the lower volume centers, which you reiterated here today. So today's result was seemingly roughly in line with your expectations. I think many of us on The Street are a little excited after your Q4 results, so a little over than ours. Maybe you can talk about the U.S. TAVR market within the context of what you saw coming out of Q4 and what you saw during Q1? And then maybe what you might expect as the year progresses with the CAP for PARTNER III coming through, as well as the commencement of the trial for CENTERA, which you announced today?
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Let me try and recap that, Jason. There's quite a few little pieces in there. But bigger picture, the THV growth globally of 12.4% was something that was very consistent with our overall expectation. The U.S. was very consistent with our expectation as well. And as I mentioned, we continue to expect to be at the high end of 11% to 15% for the full year. Now a couple of things that people may not have remembered or not taken account for, the Medtronic royalty changed at the start of the year per the contract, and so that's expected to be $15 million to $20 million less that affected the first quarter. And first quarter a year ago, you might have considered a tough comp. There's -- the seasonality is always difficult for us. Quarters vary from one to another. The fourth quarter was quite strong, whereas the first quarter probably have some impact with Easter in it. So there may have a little bit of an atypical seasonality pattern. But by and large, we felt that these results were consistent with what we expected.
Jason Mills: I'll follow up, sticking with the U.S., I guess, maybe give us an update on the number of centers that you have in the United States. And you talked last quarter about the lower volume centers, and clearly, over the last call it 18 months, there's been -- and there've been more centers added with respect to the TAVR program than many of us expected it. How do you see that trending going forward? And I guess just as a follow-up to your comments about the PIII CAP, how much of an impact do you think that, that will have? I guess, the question is more with respect to any inkling you have about pent-up demand within that low-risk cohort ahead of a late 2019 approval?
Michael Mussallem: Okay, thanks. While, I think last time we reported, it was around 575 centers. So we add sites as they qualify, and I think that typically turns out to be 20 to 40 over that period of time. The thing that we found interesting is it seems to bring new patients into the system. Maybe it's because patients are in their own networks, and when we add a hospital, even though it might be a smaller one, that it opens that up, so we continue to see that trend. As it relates to the CAP program, FDA wanted to give sites the ability to continue to process patients that were already in their queue, but it wasn't -- it's not an unlimited CAP program. As a matter of fact, it is quite limited by site, by over a certain period of time. Even if we max that out this year, it would contribute less than 1% to our sales growth. So it's helpful, but kind of minor in the total scale of things.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis of Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis: Mike, just a question from me on the U.S. and a follow-up on international, if I could. So Mike, you're confident of 11% to 15%, you mentioned it several times in this call. To get from the 12% to the upper end of 11% to 15%, can you just kind of talk to us as you progress through the balance of the year, your confidence in that. I mean the comps do get easier, you have some incremental product launches, there's some seasonality, but how do we get from the 12% to the upper end of the 11% to 15% across the quarters?
Michael Mussallem: Well, thanks, David. I think you just answered the question. Those are exactly the points. The comps in the second half of the year certainly aren't equivalent to the comps that exist in the first half. We are in the process of launching CENTERA and we'll have -- hopefully, have Ultra here towards the end of the year, so those will be helpful. And we just generally have momentum. We continue to believe that we have the most competitive product line and that we've got a real growing marketplace. The more we study this marketplace, the more we believe and have confidence in the fact that there are many untreated patients.
David Lewis: Okay. Maybe I'll ask you more complicated questions about the x U.S. markets that I won't answer, but two-part question, Mike, for x U.S. One, you talked about shared dynamics x U.S., can you just talk about the shared dynamics you referred to. Was that product positioning, pricing? And kind of related, as we think about the IP dispute with Boston, as you mentioned, are you planning any inventory stocking in the second quarter in anticipation of disruption? And as you think about the Ultra skirt you also mentioned, do you see that it's differentiated from S3 from an IP perspective? And I'll stop at that.
Michael Mussallem: There's quite a few little questions in there. Let's see if I get to them, David. First of all, I think you asked about the share shift that we said we had a share shift that occurred to our largest competitor. You know that Edwards sells at a significant price premium to competitors. And what we feel like has happened is there was a 2- to 3-point share point difference from year-over-year to our largest competitor. We think actually it's been pretty stable quarter-over-quarter. We look forward to getting the SAPIEN 3 Ultra and the CENTERA valves to strengthen our leadership positions. When -- Ultra is different, probably from an IP perspective, we don't feel like SAPIEN 3 infringes. We think it's even probably a bigger stretch for Ultra. And just your other question about do we plan any stocking programs. No, we don't have any stocking programs planned at this time. We'll share those if we feel like that's the right thing to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.
Robert Hopkins: I had a question for Scott, but before I got there, I wanted to ask one quick on just sort of the dynamics around the Medtronic royalty. Thank you for the $15 million to $20 million. I'm just curious, should we think about it as being sort of evenly paced throughout the year? Or is that $15 million to $20 million sort of front-end loaded here in the first quarter?
Michael Mussallem: Scott might be the best one to answer that.
Scott Ullem: Sure. It's probably a few million dollars of that $15 million to $20 million was realized in the first quarter, and the rest should be fairly evenly distributed during the rest of 2018.
Robert Hopkins: Okay. And then just a couple of questions on the earnings guidance. First, just -- can you just walk through the dynamics of the pacing of the year, why Q2 earnings is lowered in Q1? Obviously, The Street is a little bit higher than the guidance you're giving for Q2 earnings. And then maybe talk a little bit about in terms of the full year earnings guidance versus the previous guidance. Wondered if you could just quantify the impact of the tax rate, FX, the extra spending. So I guess, two questions in there, one, just understanding cadence and why Q2 is a little lower and then understanding what's changed?
Scott Ullem: Sure. Let's start with the first quarter and how it varied from our February guidance, where the midpoint of our range was $1.09. We beat that by about $0.13 on a non-GAAP basis, and it was driven roughly 1/3 from each of some delays in spending, so some expanding that we expect to hit in SG&A and R&D that we expected in Q1 that will now be pushed out to later quarters. The second, third would be foreign exchange, and specifically related to the new tax legislation. And then the third piece, that drove better adjusted earnings per share in Q1 than we originally expected was the benefit from -- the excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation. In terms of how our guidance for 2018 has changed since February, back in February, we expected $4.43 to $4.63 for the full year, and that $0.07 gap from the midpoint of that range to our new range of $4.50 to $4.70 is really driven by couple of things. One, greater SG&A, principally due to foreign exchange. So as we translate OUS expenses at current rates, we realize higher expenses from SG&A; the second is greater spending on research and development. And both including some of the investments we fund with the tax savings as well as the new CENTERA trial that's driving higher R&D expense than we had factored in during our guidance last year -- last quarter. And the third one is it's really more than offset by this greater excess tax benefit and the tax reform. So all net-net, it gives us a little bit of pick up to the tune of $0.07 at the midpoint of the range from February to today.
Robert Hopkins: And then the Q2 dynamic?
Scott Ullem: So Q2 dynamics, part of it is just really the ETB, that excess tax benefit that was front-end loaded. We had our stock price traded up significantly in the first quarter. We also had additional option exercises that were not factored in. And so that was the lumpiest piece in Q1 that we are not modeling to finish in Q2. The other piece is just step-up from spending from the tax savings in the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen: One, on the low-risk indication one on Ultra. So Mike, the investor debate around low risk is I think less about the outcome, which people expect to be positive. It's more around the opportunity and adoption. Specifically, I think some people have questioned whether the low-risk population's already penetrated. And given your surgical heart valve business continues to grow, it would suggest to me that the answer to that is no. The other question is will the greater importance of durability in the low-risk population, will that slow adoption? So what are your views on these questions? And as I said, I have one follow-up on Ultra.
Michael Mussallem: So we think that low risk is a very significant opportunity. I think sometimes, people get confused and they think that low risk means younger patients. And although that might seem to be the case, there's actually very -- there's a high number of low-risk patients that are elderly, many in their 70s, 80s and more. It's just the way that the system works. And so I think you shouldn't underestimate what happens. And I think TAVR would be the particular beneficiary of that. The more we study this, the more we find that there's real obstacles for patients to be treated. We think that the sites, by and large, do stay on label, that they're very concerned about the payment policies and so that's important to them. And we continue to believe that the estimates that we put out about the size of the market in 2021 and beyond are still, if anything, conservative.
Lawrence Biegelsen: That's helpful. Then on Ultra, Mike, I heard your comments on the U.S. in conversation with the FDA. What is required by FDA from a regulatory and clinical data standpoint? I'm asking because, obviously, what happened in Europe was a bit of a surprise to everybody. And my understanding is, and perhaps I'm wrong, but you're going to use overseas data for the U.S. approval. So I'm asking because we just want to understand why you're so confident in a late 2018 approval for Ultra in the U.S.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So we did, as I mentioned, we did get surprised by the Ultra approval process in Europe. We had initially believed, and this was through conversations with regulators, that we wouldn't require clinical data. And then ultimately, we did require them, so that was a hit to timing. We've had an ongoing dialogue with FDA. We typically don't share the ins and outs of our regulatory process. But as I said, we continue to be very confident in our ability to be able to get Ultra approved in the U.S. by the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies.
Rajbir Denhoy: I wondered if maybe I can ask a couple on the mitral developments. You noted Cardioband still less than $1 million revenue in the quarter. So I guess, I'm curious about either the ramp there, you noted $15 million for the year is still your target, but what's been the level of interest in that product? Are there a lot of clinicians in Europe that are looking to get trained? And how quickly can you start to see a faster result out of that business?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Raj. Actually, we've probably been the ones constraining ourselves. We felt a lot of interest on the part of clinicians. They have a lot of interest who want to join this, and the good news is that the procedural success rate has been quite good. As I mentioned, we're integrating the supply chain into the Edwards Quality System. And that's taken us longer than we thought. And so it means that we have to be thoughtful in terms of the way that we dish out supply. Remember, we're also feeding clinical trials in addition to our commercial success. And our goals in the near term really are not to maximize commercial sales but to learn as much as possible and to make progress on our regulatory pathways.
Rajbir Denhoy: And has there been any change or improvement in the treatment time or the procedure time with Cardioband yet?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, there have been improvements. There's -- the procedure times have been coming down. Most of that I would attribute to learning curve. We're probably moving from procedures that were more in the 3-hour range to the 2-hour range. We've got bigger plans for ourselves in terms of next-generation systems. But even while we're within the existing system, there have been improvements in procedure times.
Rajbir Denhoy: Maybe just lastly, on the replacement side. You noted the positive data on the 10 patients on the M3 device. Have you sort of changed your thinking? Or is there a horse in that race now you're preferring between CardiAQ and M3 at this point? Or it's really get to make any sort of decisions there?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's early. We're continuing to see good clinical programs for -- good clinical progress for both of those transseptal programs. So we're pleased with it. It's been going well and we're not trying to send a signal that we have a preference.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs.
Isaac Ro: It's still a little early in earnings season, so I was trying to piece together kind of the commentary we've seen from various companies and wondering if you thought there might have been any impact to TAVR volume from whether it be seasonal items like flu, or just the deductible dynamic in health care leading to fewer inpatient days. Anything really that were at the margin displaying some incremental headwind that you didn't have in the same period last year?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's very difficult for us to say, Isaac. I can understand your question. So for example, in the fourth quarter of last year, we felt like we saw more activity than we would have anticipated sort of in that last week or so of the year that's normally affected by holidays. Did that have any impact on Q1? I don't know. We had the Easter holiday that actually crept into the very end of Q1. So those things probably have some impact here on the margin. Our folks have count selling days, saying, Hey, there might have been a 1% difference between one and the other, if that's helpful.
Isaac Ro: Sure, that's helpful. And maybe a follow-up on the pricing environment. I imagine that there's not a big change there, but curious if you can maybe communicate kind of what transpired in the quarter from a pricing standpoint, if there was anything notable?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, generally, when we talk about pricing, Isaac, we're talking about it in constant currency, so that was pretty flat. You go right around the globe, and usually what we're most susceptible with is what happens in terms of the geographic mix. Actually, the thing was kind of interesting. This quarter is the very favorable trend that we saw in Europe. And so because the euro strengthened and actually made what the sales prices that we realize in dollars are much higher out of Europe, it actually would have ended up affecting the global rates if we would do it on an actual basis, but we try and stay out of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI.
Vijay Kumar: So maybe I'll start one with the TAVR volume for OUS. I think I heard you guys say international was up low double digits, that would imply the U.S. volumes growth of 14%. I just want to know, one, is that math correct? And second, when you talk what the impact from Medtronic royalty, where was that being recognized? Was that being recognized in U.S. TAVR revenues or OUS -- international TAVR revenues?
Scott Ullem: Maybe I'll start with -- it's Scott, with the answer to your second question, which is we realized the Medtronic royalty revenues in our U.S. THV business. And as I give it back to Mike, could you just repeat the first part of your question?
Vijay Kumar: So the volume growth, I think I heard you guys mentioned 10% in international for TAVR. That would imply 14% growth for U.S. Is that the right number?
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Yes. So I think what we said was OUS procedure growth was low double digits, and we said THV procedures in the first quarter in the U.S., we're in the mid-teens versus prior year. So I don't know, does that help, Vijay?
Vijay Kumar: That's helpful, Mike. Just maybe one last one on gross margin. It looks like it was a little light for this quarter. When you look at that guidance range for the year, 74% to 76%, maybe can you just help us on what are some of the moving factors as you progress sequentially? It looks like there's an [indiscernible] coming in below the midpoint for the year, so I just wanted to understand what drives in the back half. Is this FX or something else going on? Or is this pricing?
Scott Ullem: Sure. So maybe up we've lightened up a little bit as you model gross margin for the rest of the year, something like 20 basis points, but it really gets lost in that range of 74% to 76%. Using the middle of that range is still probably a good modeling assumption. In the first quarter, you're right, FX was a big piece of it and the other difference from Q1 of 2017 was continuing manufacturing investments. Both of those were partially offset by mix. So as you know, we've been continuing to see a pickup on mix and gross margins as a result of the faster growing THV business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro: Two quick clarifying questions, and have a quick one on CENTERA. So first, Mike, outside the United States, you talked about growing below the markets, so that's share lost to your largest competitor, that's Medtronic. But if you added Abbott and Boston, they're starting to trend in that $100 million range, I'm wondering if you're seeing any share lost to Abbott or Boston Scientific in Europe. And then as other clarifying question, you said in the SAPIEN 3 low-risk CAP, even if you maxed out that CAP this year and add 1% to growth, were you referring to just TAVR growth or overall company growth?
Michael Mussallem: So on the first question, I wouldn't say that we saw anything notable from Boston and Abbott. I don't know if Boston is back to where they were, but I think those smaller competitors are probably in the mid-teens growth sort of market share rates. So it hasn't changed a lot over a pretty substantial period of time. Will you repeat the second part of the question, Glenn, to make sure I have it?
Glenn Novarro: Yes. You said that the SAPIEN 3 low-risk Continued Access Program in the United States. I think you maxed it out this year. You said it would add 1% to growth. I'm assuming you meant 1% of TAVR growth, correct?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's actually one of my -- specifically, I said less than 1%, but yes, I'm talking about TAVR growth.
Glenn Novarro: Great. I just want to clarify. And then just a quick one on CENTERA. You gave us details, 1,000 patients enrollment starting sometime midyear. Should we assume a year to enroll, a year of follow-up and a year through the FDA, meaning FDA approval if all goes well in 2021, is that a reasonable assumption?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's pretty early for us to be assuming. I mean there's -- I don't think there's any reason to assume that this is going to be particularly slow. There seems to be a lot of excitement amongst our clinicians. So we'll see and will keep you informed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel.
Frederick Wise: I also want to touch on CENTERA, if I could, Mike. You talk about CENTERA launch -- sort of a targeted launch in Europe. Maybe help us understand the thinking behind your decision to do this, so the targeted approach. We've continued to do ongoing doc checks and everybody is saying incredibly stable deployment, incredibly high device success, low needs for recapture repositioning. I'm hearing great feedback. The pushback is on price. So maybe just update us in your thinking about why the targeted center approach are you continuing to get this kind of feedback? And could this be a preview of how you roll out CENTERA in the United States?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So I mean, the short answer, Rick, your observations are correct. We also have heard a lot of enthusiasm about CENTERA and there's a real demand for it. We have decided to price this valve at a premium. As a matter of fact, even a premium to SAPIEN 3 and you know that SAPIEN 3 is at premium to competitive valves. And so I think, and that's for a very -- it's country specific. And it's just reflective of the fact that this is our latest technology and we think highly differentiated from what others see. And that's the strategy that were deploying. So we're being very thoughtful about what centers we go to and how fast and focused on really high level of procedural success.
Frederick Wise: All right. And in Japan, just a briefer question. Obviously, a smaller market, but you highlighted the -- it's one of your better growers in TAVR. Where are we in penetrating the market, let's say, number of centers? Or how much more is there to go in terms of expanding centers or gaining share? It seems like one of your bigger incremental growth drivers ahead, if that's the right way to characterize it.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We think Japan is a big opportunity. It is the fastest-growing THV region, again, this quarter. Adoption is still very early. They could use a lot more centers. I don't know what the number is, it's certainly less than 150. They could use a lot more to be able to really penetrate the opportunity and we think that demand is going to continue to be strong for quite a while.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Marcus with JPMorgan.
Robert Marcus: Maybe I can start off, you did 12.5% underlying TAVR growth in the first quarter, and you reiterated your confidence in the upper end of the 11% to 15% range. Maybe you could talk about, a, what gives you confidence, and b, maybe some different plus or minuses as we think about the balance of the year.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. As we mentioned, we think the market is growing in the mid-teens, and we think we have a highly competitive program. And so we would expect to also be able to grow in the mid-teens for the rest of the year. We do have the headwind of the Medtronic royalty, which will cost us a little bit. We have a little bit of a tailwind although it's small, off the CAP program. But overall, we think we're well positioned to be able to obtain that high end of 11% to 15%.
Robert Marcus: And they maybe, Scott, you iterated sales guidance at the upper end of the $3.5 billion to $3.9 billion range, and there's about incremental $80 million in FX this quarter. Should we be thinking about any changes to the underlying growth of the company? Would you have had to lower guidance this quarter without the benefit of FX? Or how should we be thinking about that?
Scott Ullem: For underlying growth number, originally, we expected somewhere in the 9% to 10% range. Now we're more in the area of 10% to 11% range of underlying growth. So FX is helping the nominal sales, but there's also strength in the underlying business. Sorry, Robbie, you also asked about $80 million. It's $80 million in FX tailwinds for the year. I think you might have said a month some of the quarter. So it's $80 million, or we call it about 2% of total consolidated sales in FX tailwinds.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust.
Bruce Nudell: Mike, just to clarify, should we continue to expect mid-teens procedure growth for TAVR in the U.S., low double digits x U.S.? And could you just elaborate on the cost of share loss in Europe? And I have a follow-up.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, so overall, I think those are reasonable assumptions. We're, like you, watching it very closely, but I think those are reasonable assumptions. The bigger picture here is this disease is undertreated and there's every opportunity for us to be able to do that, and we're focusing even more efforts on disease awareness. But I think those kind of market growth rates are healthy. Now did you say you wanted to talk about the share shift?
Bruce Nudell: Yes. Just any causal explanation you could proffer.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I mean, what we're talking about is specifically in Europe, we think there's economic pressure on customers and so that causes the difference in THV pricing to be a source of pressure. And we think that's a relatively tough issue for some customers. What I also indicated, though, is when we're able to add products like SAPIEN 3 Ultra and CENTERA, that really helps us because those products are highly differentiated and the clinical performance there we expect to be significant. So again, the -- what we tried to relate earlier is that the share shift was a year-over-year share shift, not a quarter-over-quarter share shift. So I'm just trying to put it in perspective.
Bruce Nudell: Perfect. And then my follow-up is regarding COAPT. COAPT is coming up with the TCT. Do you suspect there will be a positive signal as to clinical benefit either with death or rehospitalization or both? And if it doesn't occur, how impactful will a negative result be for market development?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I'd rather not comment in terms of whether I think it's going to be favorable or not. If it's favorable, I think it would be very beneficial to the opportunity because it was just build confidence. Conversely, if it's negative, I'm going to guess that a lot of clinicians look at it and suggest that the problem was the trial endpoint design. And so I don't know that it's really going to be much of a negative for the opportunity. I can tell you ourselves, we work very closely on trial designs in TMTT. And there's going to be a number of data sets over the next year. COAPT's certainly be one of them. But I think you're going to see more data than ever before. And we continue to be very optimistic about the opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim.
Christopher Pasquale: Mike, first, can you provide any details on the complications you saw in the Harpoon study?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. What was reported, Chris, was the return of mitral regurgitation. So we're digging into it and trying to really understand it. It's early in our evaluation and we don't really know the cause of it at this point. But that's what the clinicians called to our attention, and that's why we decided to pause here and make sure that in the abundance of safety here, that we understand what's going on.
Christopher Pasquale: Okay. And then do you still expect to get back in the clinic with the FORMA tricuspid spacer sometime this year? And then lastly, for me, is there anything you want to highlight coming up at PCR?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So we did resume treating some patients this quarter, just a few of them. And so we got some real procedural learnings, and the learnings have been helpful. So we're still evaluating that therapy. You're going to see probably more in the -- it's still early. You're probably going to see more coming from Cardioband tricuspid in the near term in terms of data sets.
Christopher Pasquale: And PCR, anything you guys want to highlight next month?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So at PCR, we expect Cardioband, both the mitral and tricuspid data sets to be presented. It will be early, but there should be presentations there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuench with BMO Capital Markets.
Joanne Wuensch: A couple of housekeeping items. First, the tax rate guidance for this year, should we consider that a go-forward rate also?
Scott Ullem: So, it's Scott. I think probably not, simply because we had such extraordinary tailwinds benefit from this excess tax benefit from stock-based accounting. So it's always really hard to predict, really impossible to predict because we don't know our stock price is going. But I think if you look back to our original guidance for the year of 15% to 18%, that may be a better modeling assumption longer term, and we'll keep you updated as more information becomes available. Also keep in mind, we've gotten continual updated guidance from IRS and treasury about the impacts and the interpretation of this new tax legislation. And so that will also have an influence. And to that end, some of the tax reform benefit that we're realizing now will tail off especially as it relates to some of the compensation-related deductions.
Joanne Wuensch: And the Medtronic royalty step-down this year, could you remind us when the next step-down is if there's one?
Scott Ullem: Is really, without getting all the details of the settlement agreement from back in 2014, just you should model, assume the $40 million minimum. And we'll let you know if that assumption should change at all in the years ahead.
Joanne Wuensch: All right. And then my last question is when you purchase Valtech, you had to really build out the sales force. Can you sort of give us an idea of where that is and how you're thinking about throwing other mitral products into the sales bag?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Joanne. Yes, we're building that team up in Europe. And again, we expect to have a number of launches as mentioned that we would have one mitral launch per year in each of the upcoming years since our intention is to be able to use this clinical team. This is a team that's doing clinical trials. We have a separate team that's actually doing clinical support of cases as well as sales people. So that team has been developing nicely. We have primarily focused in Germany at this point, but it's very consistent with what we have planned.
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen and Company.
Joshua Jennings: I was hoping to just ask first a follow-up on Larry's earlier question about the low-risk opportunity and focus on the bicuspid registry. I'm assuming positive results. Do you see like that is enough from a clinical evidence standpoint for inclusion in the label? And then secondarily, is it good enough to convince the clinical community, particularly the surgeon community? And then lastly, on bicuspid, is there anything within the design of SAPIEN 3 Ultra that could potentially provide a benefit in bicuspid cases? And I just have one follow-up.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks. So this bicuspid registry, I think it's around 100 patients in this trial. And so we're glad to be able to do that. I think it sounds like you understand it pretty well, Josh. It's not contraindicated today, and so people can do it. And we have a number of clinicians that are real believers in treating bicuspid patients and they do it with SAPIEN 3 and I know that's all being accumulated in the TVT Registry. So they are being treated today. Having more data is just going to be helpful to be able to have a nice data set here that we can follow on an ongoing basis. It's just going to help reinforce it. But I think the TVT Registry had already pretty positive support for treating bicuspid patients with SAPIEN 3.
Joshua Jennings: Great. Is there anything on to SAPIEN 3 Ultra design that could potentially be beneficial specifically for bicuspid cases or which we now be thinking?
Michael Mussallem: Well, I mean, we like the -- not only the delivery system, but the design of the [indiscernible] and we think it is going to help potentially with tissue ingrowth and should even improve what's already a best-in-class leak performance for that valve. But I don't know that it should -- that it'll make a market difference in bicuspid.
Joshua Jennings: Great. And then just lastly on EARLY TAVR, any inkling on the enrollment pace and just specifically, any data around screening of patients on the stress test kind of initial stage? And whether or not you're seeing those patients screen in as actually symptomatic aortic stenosis patients?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, thanks a lot. No, we're not going to report any specific data on that, Josh. We'll just say generally, it's ramping up really nicely. There's a lot of enthusiasm on the part of the investigators and I'm sure the investigators themselves are going to want to share some of that detail in terms of what they're finding when they get to the right point to that trial.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, thank you very much for your continued interest in Edwards. And Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone after the fact. So back to you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on the call today. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying sales and growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, the telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13677987. In addition, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson - VP, IR Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & CEO Scott B. Ullem - Corporate VP and CFO
Analysts: Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities Raj Denhoy - Jefferies Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets Bruce Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Margaret Kaczor - William Blair Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Company
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Edwards Lifesciences Fourth Quarter 2017 Results. At this time, all, participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce David Erickson, VP, Investor Relations. Thank you. Please begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our fourth quarter 2017 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and the accompanying financial schedules and then we will use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance and current expectations for new product approvals, benefits and introductions, clinical and regulatory timelines, competitive matters, expectations for therapy adoption and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important safety information about products may be found in our press release, our 2016 annual report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and adjusted, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. And now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you, David. We're pleased to report robust fourth quarter results including double-digit organic revenue growth in each region driven by increased adoption of our therapies. We ended the quarter strong with total adjusted sales of $909 million representing 16% underlying growth as we did not experience as much of a slowdown as we typically see in the last weeks of the year. Our growth rates strengthened in the fourth quarter contributing to full year 2017 results of 16% underlying growth and over $3.4 billion of sales. Each of our product lines performed very well as demand for our innovative portfolio exceeded our expectations. Profitability was also strong in 2017 with adjusted EPS growing over 30% even as we continued to invest aggressively in our technology pipeline and infrastructure. And we continue to bring meaningful therapies to large unmet patient needs and further strengthen our leadership positions.  Turning to transcatheter heart valve therapy adjusted global sales were $540 million up 22% on an underlying basis over the prior year including the adjustment for the consumption of stocking inventory in Germany. Double-digit TAVR sales growth across all regions was driven by continued strong therapy adoption and our average selling price remained stable overall. In the U.S. transcatheter heart valve sales for the quarter were $327 million representing 22% growth versus the prior year. We believe overall U.S. procedure growth was roughly in line with our growth. These strong results were driven by robust therapy adoption across the more than 575 TAVR centers with particularly strong growth in lower volume hospitals. And our best in class SAPIEN 3 valve continued to provide excellent outcomes including faster patient recovery, enhanced quality of life, and exceptional value to this healthcare system.  We continue to be encouraged by the strong international adoption of TAVR particularly when overall therapy penetration is still relatively low. Outside the U.S. our fourth quarter underlying sales growth rate was 22% with all regions contributing. Double-digit procedure growth in Europe continued this quarter and our growth was also aided by a recovery from the interruption in fresh sales last year. Growth in countries with lower TAVR adoption rates continued to outpace countries where therapy is more established. And we continue to see strong TAVR therapy adoption in Japan driven by SAPIEN 3 and new centers continue to become qualified. As our fastest growing region this quarter we believe the aortic stenosis still remains a large undertreated disease in Japan. Turning to our near-term product pipeline we continue to expect a CE Mark for our SAPIEN 3 Ultra system this quarter. This system features advancements designed to help TAVR heart teams simplify procedures and reduce the risk of complications. The Ultra system also adds to TAVR outer [ph] on the valve which is designed to further improve its outstanding performance and we continue to expect the U.S. introduction of this system in late 2018. Additionally we expect to receive CE Mark for our CENTERA system this month which we will introduce as a premium self expanding system. We remain enthused by this feature rich platform and encouraged by its excellent early clinical results and we plan to initiate a U.S. pivotal trial in 2018. As noted in our December Investor Conference we've completed enrolment in the main study of our PARTNER 3 trial for low risk patients with severe aortic stenosis. We anticipate data from this trial will be presented at ACC 2019 and to receive FDA approval later that year. We are also enrolling our groundbreaking early TAVR trial, the first of its kind to study severe aortic stenosis patients without diagnosed symptoms. In summary based on our momentum we now expect our 2018 THVT underlying sales growth to be at the higher end of our 11% to 15% range that we shared at our investor conference in December. Turning to surgical heart valve therapy, sales for the fourth quarter were $205 million that are up 6% on an underlying basis driven by strong unit growth of aortic valves across all regions and share gains driven by new products. Adoption of our INTUITY valve system in the U.S. has been impressive and aided by the CMS new technology add on payment that went into effect on October 1st. Utilization this quarter increased in centers already using INTUITY as well as new hospitals adopting this rapid deployment valve. This therapy is becoming a meaningful portion of our surgical portfolio and remains on track to represent approximately 25% of global aortic sales in 2018. Interests in our INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve in Europe is increasing as it offers an attractive option for active patients. The INSPIRIS valve features our latest RESILIA tissue and our VFit feature designed to accommodate future TAVR. Last month we began the U.S. launch and continue to expect to introduce a new class of resilient tissue valves in Japan this year pending reimbursement approval. We're pleased to announce that we recently received CE Mark for Harpoon, our recently acquired beating heart mitral valve repair system. We are currently focused on integration activities and expect a midyear 2018 launch in Europe. While we are enthused by this innovative therapy to treat degenerative mitral regurgitation we expect sales to ramp slowly as we focus on achieving a high procedural success rate.  In summary in surgical heart valve therapy we continue to expect a full year 2018 underlying sales growth rate of 2% to 4%. In critical care sales for the quarter $164 million and grew 11% on an underlying basis. This performance was driven by strong growth across the product portfolio and most notably in the U.S. where hospitals utilized their year-end capital budgets. Growth was also aided by Asia Pacific which grew in double-digits on a smaller base.  During the fourth quarter expansion into the global enhanced surgical recovery opportunity continued aided by our non-invasive clear sight solution primarily in the U.S. and China. As hospitals continued to adopt ESR to improve patient outcomes we expect this program to be a significant growth driver in critical care over the longer-term. We're also pleased to expand the launch of HemoSphere our next generation advanced monitoring platform which is expected to be an important growth driver in 2018 and beyond. HemoSphere is designed to provide greater clarity on a patients hemodynamic status to enable clinicians to make timely, potentially lifesaving decisions. In summary we continued to expect full year 2018 underlying sales growth in critical care of 6% to 8%.  Turning to transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies we remain enthusiastic about the opportunities in our transcatheter therapies to treat patients suffering from tricuspid and mitral disease. We have estimated this to be a $3 billion plus opportunity by 2025. Today I will cover some select updates. Beginning with transcatheter mitral repair, during the quarter we continued the enrolment of U.S. patients in the active trial for cardio band in the mitral position. We will remind you we already have CE Mark for this product in Europe and in the fourth quarter we recorded in THVT approximately $1 million in commercial sales.  In the fourth quarter we prioritized supply to our clinical trials and began integrating the Cardioband supply chain into the Edwards quality system. We expect sales to continue at a modest level in Q1 and ramp to approximately $15 million for the full year 2018. We believe that the annual reduction provided by Cardioband can be an important first line therapy for many mitral patients. We expect to complete enrolment this year of the class CE Mark trial for our PASCAL transcatheter mitral repair program and we're on track to initiate our PASCAL U.S. trial in 2018. We're encouraged by our early clinical experience and our European launch remains planned for 2019. In mitral valve replacement we're strong believers in our transseptal strategy. We're making good clinical progress with both our Edwards CardiAQ and SAPIEN M3 replacement platforms that are being implanted percutaneously and we're encouraged by our learnings and the cadence of early feasibility cases. In our tricuspid repair therapies we're pleased to report that we have received approval to begin our Cardioband tricuspid U.S. early feasibility study and we're working to activate centers in the first half of 2018. Our CE Mark trial continued to enroll and we remain on track to begin an introduction by the end of this year. Overall we remain optimistic about our portfolio of transcatheter mitral and tricuspid offerings and achieving our significant clinical milestones in 2018. And we continue to aggressively invest to realize our goal of it launching at least one new therapy per year.  Before I turn the call over to Scott I'll remind you that in the fourth quarter we received $113 million from our successful Neovasc litigation regarding theft of trade secrets. At the same time we made a $25 million contribution to the Edwards Lifesciences Foundation whose mission is to support health and community focused charitable organizations. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks Mike. I am pleased to report that our strong finish to the year enabled us to exceed our sales, earnings, and free cash flow targets for 2017. For the full year sales increased 16% on an underlying basis to $3.4 billion, adjusted earnings per share includes 31% to $3.80 and we generated $695 million of adjusted free cash flow. Turning to the fourth quarter our strong sales performance in transcatheter valves drove significant top and bottom line growth versus the prior year. Underlying sales grew 16% and adjusted earnings per share grew 25% to $0.94. GAAP earnings per share was $0.17 driven by several onetime adjustments including a non-cash charge of $211 million or $0.98 per share related primarily to the enactment of the new U.S. tax law partially offset by a gain from litigation Mike mentioned. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release and I'll provide further details on the impact of tax reform a bit later.  I'll now cover the details of our results and then discuss guidance for 2018. For the fourth quarter our gross profit margin was 73.5% compared to 72.2% in the same period last year. This improvement primarily reflects a benefit of a more profitable product mix led by growing sales of TAVR partially offset by expenses associated with the planned closure of our manufacturing plant in Switzerland which was announced last year. We continue to expect our 2018 gross profit margin excluding special items to be between 74% and 76%. Our rate should be lifted by an improved product mix but tempered by capacity investments. Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the fourth quarter were $267 million or 30% of sales compared to $234 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by personnel related and performance based compensation expenses and a strengthening of the euro against the dollar. We continue to expect SG&A excluding special items to be between 28% and 29% of sales for the full year 2018 which includes the continued suspension of the medical device excise tax until 2020. Research and development investments in the quarter grew 28% to $147 million or 16.5% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter structural heart programs including spending on clinical trials. For the full year 2018 we continued to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 16% and 17%. Turning to taxes, our high reported tax rate for the fourth quarter was driven by a $211 million expense related primarily to the implementation of U.S. tax law changes. The expanse is comprised of $289 million of tax on unremitted foreign earnings which is payable over the next eight years. This amount is offset by $65 million related to adjustments of tax accounts arising from a lower U.S. corporate tax rate and a $13 million discrete benefit from a tax audit settlement. Excluding the impact of tax reform and other special items, our tax rate would have been 21.3%. This rate includes an approximate 200 basis benefits from the new accounting for employee stock based compensation consistent with our guidance. Starting in 2018 the benefit of our lower U.S. tax rate will be partially offset by a higher foreign minimum tax and other items. We expect the net impact from tax reform to lower our effective tax rate in 2018 by approximately 300 basis points. We now expect our 2018 tax rate excluding special items to be between 15% and 18% which includes an estimated 2% to 3% point benefit from employee stock based compensation accounting rules implemented in 2017. Foreign exchange rates increased fourth quarter sales by approximately 2% compared to the prior year. Compared to our October guidance FX rates positively impacted earnings per share by less than a penny. Adjusted free cash flow for the quarter was $174 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $364 million, less capital spending of $77 million, and excluding the receipt of the $113 million litigation payment mentioned earlier. For the full year 2017 adjusted free cash flow was $695 million. Turning to our balance sheet, at the end of the quarter we had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of $1.3 billion, the majority of which is held outside the United States. Total debt was approximately $1 billion. In November 2017 we entered into an accelerated share purchase agreement for $150 million. In total we repurchased 2.3 million shares during the quarter for $251 million. As a result of these repurchases average shares outstanding during the quarter declined to $215 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2018 to be between $213 million and $215 million. And I'll finish up with our 2018 guidance. Given our strong fourth quarter momentum combined with the strengthening of the euro at current exchange rates we now expect to be at the higher end of all of our 2018 full year sales guidance ranges communicated at investor conference in New York in December. Those ranges are $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion for transcatheter heart valve therapy. For surgical heart valve therapy, %810 million to $850 million and for critical care $610 million to $650 million, for total Edwards $3.5 billion to $3.9 billion. The full year 2018 adjusted earnings per share we expect to between $4.43 and $4.63 up from $4.10 to $4.30 driven by a lower projected tax rate and higher projected operating performance. This includes the investment of a significant portion of the tax savings to accelerate growth initiatives consistent with our strategy. Lastly, we now expect full year 2018 free cash flow to be at the higher end of the $700 million to $775 million range that we shared at our investor conference in December. For the first quarter of 2018 we project total sales to be between $900 million and $950 million and adjusted earnings per share of $1.04 to $1.14 and with that I will hand it back to Mike. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks Scott. Our strong 2017 reinforces our confidence on our focused innovation strategy and our longer-term outlook and we look forward to an exciting 2018 as we continue to aggressively invest in our future. We expect to achieve a number of important milestone supporting progress in the development of transformative therapies across all of our product lines. Our differentiated strategy continues to benefit patients and serve us well as we plan for future growth and value creation and we're focused on staying at the forefront by creating strong evidence for promising new therapies for patients we serve in the many years to come. And with that I'll turn it back over to David. 
David Erickson: Thank you Mike. We are ready to take questions now. In order to allow broad participation we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions please reenter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the call. Operator please go ahead. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please proceed. 
Bob Hopkins: Great, thanks very much for taking the questions and congratulations on such a stronger strong finish to the year. The first question I wanted to ask about was really the TAVR performance in the quarter because obviously it was stronger than I think most everybody was looking for and so maybe I will focus the question on the U.S. performance. Can you just talk about what went on in the quarter in terms of both your performance in the market and really in your minds what drove the outperformance in the quarter, how broad based was it, how sustainable is it, thank you? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Bob. The key driver was therapy adoption. Therapy adoption in the U.S. continues through rapid. We estimated it was somewhat consistent with our own growth so therefore it got over 20%. What was a little different, the other think that I had mentioned in our comments here is the procedures sort of grew broadly across the network but particularly strength in lower volume centers. And so we take that to mean places where there may be a just a lower adoption rate around the U.S. It seemed to grow faster and then we also didn't see the typical seasonal falloff that we see as well. And so that combination of effects was very meaningful and we were very pleased to see it.
Bob Hopkins: The other thing I wanted to ask about was the pipeline because you had some really strong positive updates in your prepared remarks so I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about the upcoming CENTERA launch in Europe, how broad it will be, and how you plan on positioning the valve, and then also if you wouldnt mind talking about Ultra and giving us a sense for the features of that because I think that maybe a product that people don't have as good enough appreciation for it? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes so, let me start with CENTERA. As you mentioned that we expect to receive that CE Mark this month and we're really looking forward to launching that. We're going to introduce it as a premium self expanding system. We're very enthused about it. It is feature rich and the early results are terrific with it. The label is still not clear and it's going to be probably a little different by country but we're pleased to be able to launch out and then we expect to bring that to the U.S. later on this year and then begin a trial, an IBE trial later at that time. Ultra, again we're expecting a CE Mark this quarter and it has a lot of advanced features and particularly we think it's going to help simplify these procedures and reduce the risk of complications and this [indiscernible] is not to be underestimated as well. We are so pleased with the performance of SAPIEN 3 already we think Ultra has a chance to even take it to the next level.
Bob Hopkins: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed. 
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Scott, at the Analyst Meeting you expected sales growth to ramp through 2018. Is that still the case and could you remind us why that's the case? Thank you. 
Michael A. Mussallem: So originally we did expect sales growth to ramp during the quarters in 2018, now just given the momentum we had coming out of year-end we think that that's probably going to be more consistent growth between quarters during the year.
Larry Biegelsen: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the tax rate Scott, the 15% to 18% relatively wide range, could you talk a little bit about what would get you to the high end and low end on that? Thanks for taking the questions guys and congrats on the quarter.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, thanks as you know there are still guidance coming out from Treasury and the IRS and the ICPA is asking questions and so there are some uncertainty. We also have the excess tax benefit that could cause fluctuations within the 15% to 18% range but as you know typically I will guide people to the middle of that range for modeling purposes. 
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line or David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
David Lewis: Good afternoon. I wanted to talk about a couple of the big debates during the Analyst Day if I could and Mike maybe one for you and one for you Scott. So Mike I know you talked about the quarter already but as I think about the guide the real focus for investors in Analyst Day was your expectations for market growth seemed more Draconian than I think people were expecting. I think you are obviously taking Q3 guidance to the high end of the range, so relative to your view at Analyst Day Are you clearly feeling better about the market this year so, my real question is that high end of the THVT range do you feel better about the market in 2018 or better about your relative share?
Michael A. Mussallem: So, I think if there is anything changed its really our view of how fast adoption will be for the market the way you say it. That's the change. Naturally as this gets large we naturally assumed it would slow down more and we saw some pretty robust growth in the fourth quarter. We're very pleased by that. We dont think there is going to be much of a story in terms of our market share in 2018. In 2018 we think that's going to be our relatively flat story so, I dont know if that gets at your question. 
David Lewis: Thanks, it is perfect Mike. And I think Scott the second question I think margins broadly, I think people left feeling there is more room to go on the margins. The key tree is moving higher, GMs are not so could you talk about some of those capacity investments and where they're going and sales are going higher yet relative margins are not so there is some reinvestment as you mentioned which I think most investors would support. But where are some of those dollars going that are keeping these margins relatively stable in light of the fact that the revenue is growing faster early on the year? Thanks so much.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, and we are expecting more leverage than we did at the investor conference largely because now we've got better top line growth expectations now. In terms of investments a lot of our investments are going into facilities and expanding our capacity both in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. And so we have got pressure on gross margin, headwinds on the gross margin from that perspective. But THV is our highest margin business and we are expecting higher growth now that helps our overall margin performance and leverage to the P&L.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Mike Weinstein with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed. 
Michael Weinstein: Thanks for taking the questions. So I just wanted to clarify the guidance update in a couple of different ways. So, you have moved your revenue guidance to the higher end of the range but the overall reported range is not as the dollars moved. So can you share with us on an underlying basis how your guidance's change is underlying in the remaining constant currency and then just on the FX question, so FX getting more favorable into initial guidance, how much is that adding to your 2018 EPS outlook relative to what you are assuming at the time of initial guidance? Thanks. 
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, so as we are moving our sales expectations higher in the ranges that we provided earlier about half of that is driven by FX and half of that is driven by operating performance mostly from THV. And so we are expecting sales results in the higher end of the dollar ranges for all three businesses and at the higher end of the underlying growth rate range for THV but still right in the middle of the underlying growth rate ranges for HVT and critical care because more of their businesses are outside of the U.S.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, just to clarify so it needed to be -- you are looking at 18% what you call underlying which is constant currency and for the other two you are still in the middle of the underlying range?
Scott B. Ullem: So, higher end of that 11% to 15% range for THV and right in the middle of 2% to 4% range for HVT and 6% to 8% range for critical care.
Michael Weinstein: And Scott the EPS swing from FX?
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, so EPS has a number of different contributing factors and if you just isolated FX then it would be reflected by that increase in the non-FX related earnings growth in THV. So in other words about half of the sales increase is FX, the other half is actual underlying performance. And that underlying performance would largely drop through to the bottom line. But there are a lot of other contributing factors as a result of the tax legislation and the incremental investments that we're planning to make with some of the proceeds from those tax benefits.
Michael Weinstein: Yeah, I understand that the tax should be about $0.20 or there about and you reinvesting some of that but I was asking typically to FX, you dont know what that EPS contribution is relative to the initial guide? 
Scott B. Ullem: Yeah, FX specifically is about $0.03. 
Michael Weinstein: Okay, perfect. And last one I will drop, just to clarify Mike you said the class trial you expected from premium enrollment in 2018 and I think in clinical trial we had at that it was supposed to complete the follow-up in 2018, just want to clarify the expense? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we do expect to complete the class trial in -- complete enrolment in 2018 and we have continued to expect the European launch in 2019. Does that answer your question.
Michael Weinstein: Yes, but we won't see the date in 2018? 
Michael A. Mussallem: I don't know, Mike I suppose that's possible but the odds are that it will go into 2019, that's what I would count on.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, congrats on the quarter Mike. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
Isaac Ro: Hi, good afternoon guys, thank you. Question on your comments around the updated guidance, Mike I think you said that the adoption of therapy has been going a little faster than expected. Well there are handful of events or it seems as you move across the customer base that really drove that increased adoption that you can point to, is there an initiatives with sales, something that effected you guys were able to execute upon in the quarter that allowed you to take a more bullish view? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, you know it was funny -- it was quite broad based. So we probably exceeded expectations in every region around the world. So we saw very strong performance out Europe, very strong performance out of Japan, and the U.S. as well and even O.U.S. in places where adoption is very low we saw a contribution. We are making an investment as we mentioned in the past to help with awareness of the disease. And we believe that that is starting to have some kind of impact whether it had a little bit lift to the growth rate, I think our team thinks so but that's difficult to measure at this point. But we are investing some energy and helping identify patients and position communication and trying to facilitate the pathway for patients. And do a little bit work direct to patient and direct to referral around the world. And so that may be making a small contribution but I think it's more that we just have an outstanding procedure here where we are getting just great results and you have patients and physicians gravitating toward it.
Isaac Ro: Okay, that's helpful. And then just as a follow-up to the extent that the rest of the year you are obviously working on all those fronts on an ongoing basis, how much do you need the low risk market to play into to achieve the high end of your range, is that something that sort of is in the cards or is it still early for low risk to move the needle this year? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I can tell you, in our guidance we havent projected any contribution from low risk. We continue to think that it is an intermediate risk to patient again with severe aortic stenosis, so low risk we would think there would be some kind of impact beginning in 2019. The results of that PARTNER III trial which will powerful, we expect to be available at ACC in 2019 and then the approval come right around that year, so no I would think that you wouldnt really see low risk impacts in 2018.
Isaac Ro: Got it, thank you guys. 
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please proceed. 
Vijay Kumar: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question, and congratulation on a nice quarter here. So Mike you mentioned the -- just some thoughts around the U.S. TAVR performance rate, I am just trying to tie a couple of comments you made, so one, we have seen that number move quite a bit and I think you guys have gone to great length in explaining dont look at quarterly numbers it moves quite a bit, but then now we have you guys raising guidance towards the high end and I think the other comment was you saw adoption in low volume centers, is this something that we have seen in the past, is that what gives you the confidence here on TAVR, any color I think would be helpful? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, you correctly observed that we've been trying to indicate it is difficult for us to be exact in terms of predicting our volume on a quarter-to-quarter basis and it continues to be lumpy. So that's just what it is, but maybe the more important point is the second point that you raise which is what's going on in these lower volume centers. You know part of our theory is remember our belief is maybe only one out of five patients with severe aortic stenosis in the United States actually gets treated. And that if there isnt a center that was actually doing therapy and let's say these large centers they've been at it for a while. They maybe in the PARTNER trial and then we actually got approval in 2011 so they've been minding their referral base for a while. But new centers we think there may be a referral base there that the physicians and patients are hearing about for the first time. And that maybe stimulating it and we just dont find that patients flow to centers of excellence like you might imagine. So, new centers opening and center starting to develop their referral base seems to really make a difference. 
Vijay Kumar: Yeah, that's helpful Mike. And then maybe one for Scott on the EPS guidance So, if I had to look at the high-end of the EPS guidance range Scott I was curious, you are saying taxes being completely -- mostly reinvested in the business right, so which would imply for us to get to the high end of the EPS we are expecting margin expansion year-on-year, is it all tied to volume based leverage and our revenues coming in better or is there something going on from a mix perspective, thank you?
Scott B. Ullem: Sure, so for EPS it's not the higher end rapid change in the range and it is going up from the midpoint of the prior range about $0.33. And I know it is all precise but just to break it down in basic terms, if you were to isolate higher sales expectations and to lower tax rates from the tax legislation both would contribute about equally to that higher range.
Vijay Kumar: Thank you guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed. 
Jason Mills: Thank you guys for taking the question. As you see in a question. Mike, first on the broader TAVR market, I guess a multipart question, ultimately the growth at the rates that you are now projecting would you put you sort of at that 5 billion rate, that range that you projected over the longer-term maybe a year earlier, could you talk about your long-term projections for the TAVR business and whether or not the -- what you have been informed by with respect to therapy adoption including some of the volume centers and also maybe commenting on that reduction in length to stay which are checked continued to come back positively on that front, how that informs your long-term thinking about this market?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Jason. You know what we had a great fourth quarter, we had a great year. That really doesn't change our long-term outlook. We continue to feel very good about the idea that this will be more than $5 billion opportunity by 2021 and we will grow in the mid teens. I know we had a quarter here where it was over 20 but we really try and look at this on a longer-term basis and realize that there's going to be some ups and downs probably along the way. So I'm not trying to signal that but it certainly builds our confidence that these are solid estimates that we believe in. Separately you are right about length of state coming down. We find it remarkable the kind of success that we're seeing in the marketplace. Clinicians continue to do procedures very efficiently and length of state has been averaging maybe around three days. It is beginning to decline. There was a study at TCT that showed that they could have outstanding results in just one and two day length of stays. And so I thinks that's a momentum that is building, that doesn't consume so much capacity in hospitals and also has very favorable health economics for them. So we think that's a nice tail wind if you behind this but I didn't try to indicate here that we're necessarily going to get to those goals sooner. We'll keep an eye on that but really no change at this point.
Jason Mills: Thanks, it certainly doesnt seem like it is going to take longer to get to those goals I guess was my point. But just maybe on a more specific question on CENTERA, can you talk a little bit more about how you are positioned. I have to assume obviously that you expect it to augment your overall franchise instead of cannibalize but I suppose there maybe some cannibalization within some regions or some hospitals through SAPIEN 3, but maybe a higher price you are positioning at a premium product, I guess two questions, is it premium to SAPIEN 3 from an ASP standpoint and then generally speaking the expected to be share accretive as well? And thanks for taking the question. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, so they were primarily going to bring this to those clinicians that are already using self expanding systems and we're going to go there with a simple argument to say we believe that this is the best in class self expanding system. There are some external data and it is a feature rich platform. If they like what they are using now we think they are really going to like CENTERA. Now of course people that are using SAPIEN 3 for the most part they're very happy and obviously it's a leading platform and we think it's best in class and balloon expandable but if those customers wanted to try CENTERA we won't deny that to them. But that's not really going to be the focus of our introduction. It is going to be priced more like SAPIEN 3 at a premium price and so we are not going to try and be competitive with prices and I think we have mentioned in the past prices for self expanding systems in Europe probably run a good 20% lower than what Edwards SAPIEN 3 price is and we're going to be not in that pact but we're going to be more like where we priced our other premium products SAPIEN 3.
Jason Mills: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you for taking the question and good evening. You added roughly 75 centers this year, implanting centers, little bit more than we had expected originally. How much or how many more do you have to go and what is the stocking pattern if any in the centers? 
Michael A. Mussallem: I'm sorry, we just heard a noise there, Joanne if you could
Joanne Wuensch: Didnt you hear any of my questions or just 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I guess, we did hear it thanks very much Joanne. So, I think your estimate is right, it's probably around 75 centers that were added and it is probably a little bit more than we thought. This has turned out to be pretty organic. This isnt necessarily driven by Edwards these are hospital that I think in many cases already have surgical valve programs, they think about their future and they say boy if I'm going to be an asset to my community going forward I'm going to need to offer capital base system as well. And so there's a strong driving force for others to be able to move toward it. Stocking is pretty minimal, that's really not part of the equation here. So we do a fair amount of consignments. So I think this is really organic growth that you're seeing. 
Joanne Wuensch: That's very helpful. My second question as you talked about if I heard you correctly that you think your market share will remain flat in 2018 but I would love your view of what the competitive landscape is looking like and why do you think yours would stay flat?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I mean I don't know. We can see -- we can look back at what happened in 2017, there was probably I don't know in the U.S. we may have lost a point or two a share and that was at a time when our competitor had the approval of intermediate risk and introduce larger sizes. And we think for the most part that's done. And when we look at what's going on in Europe there arent so many competitors anymore and those competitors that are there are probably having mid teens market share. So, when we look forward we say what is the share picture going to look like, we think probably it is close to we're going to grow about where is the market. Remember we have two new platforms that we're going to be introducing and that's probably some of the most novel products that will be introduced by anybody in 2018. So we think it's a reasonable estimate to say that share position stay pretty stable.
Joanne Wuensch: Sounds great. Thank you and have a good evening. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor of Barclay. Please proceed. 
Matthew Taylor: Hi, thanks and good evening. So, I wanted to ask a follow up question on some of your earlier mitral comments, you talked about Cardioband sales in the fourth quarter and seeing a little bit of a slower ramp in the first half and then jumping up in the second and so the question is, is that just moving further and how do we acquire that kind of a ramp to let's say PASCAL next year. Could you give a little bit more into the dynamics there?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, so probably on Cardioband at this stage it is probably less about the demand from customers and more about us. So, we are preferentially following units to our clinical trials which are very important from a long-term perspective. And then in terms of gee, why don't we just make more we're also in the process of migrating Cardioband to the Edwards quality system. We think this is -- it causes a little bit of short-term pain but it's for a lot of long term gain. We think its a good move for us and so it is going to limit how many units we have available for commercial sales in fourth quarter and first quarter. But we think that we should clear that hurdle and get this product line moved into Edwards facilities in pretty short order and as we do that it will allow us to get on a more normal ramp. By comparison PASCAL was not an acquired product but a product line that was built within the Edwards system. So, we won't have those same kind of system migration issues and I would expect not to go through the same sort of process.
Matthew Taylor: Okay, thanks. Any meaningful data in the first half of the year at PCR in mitral and any of your pipeline programs that you are looking forward to? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, we dont think that there is going to be a lot of new information at ACC this year. There may be some minor things that are coming and PCR there could be more, it is a little early for us to project. But bigger picture I think there's going to be information that becomes available on our system routinely throughout the year. We've got a lot of big milestones in 2018 including related to Ultra and CENTERA and transcatheter heart valves, and then PASCAL and the tricuspid's Cardioband in the mitral system. And then even more in clinical care and surgical heart valve. So, I think there is going to be no shortage of news but I don't know how much news will there be at ACC or PCR. 
Matthew Taylor: Okay, thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale from Guggenheim. Please proceed. 
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Mike, U.S. growth was particularly impressive this quarter and by my math the non-TAVR portion of the business really saw a big jump first in the first nine months of the year. We've seen something similar with some other companies this quarter too so, when you look at that is there anybody that thinks you may have underestimated the impact of some of the weather events in 3Q and that may have played a role in what we saw this quarter? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I suppose that's possible. This is difficult for us to estimate. And again we don't call on 6000 hospitals in the U.S. We have a smaller universe in total so yeah, it's possible that we underestimated the impact of weather in the third quarter. But clearly we saw a robust fourth quarter across the board. So your observation is correct Chris but we probably were too focused of a company to be a good barometer for the entire market. 
Chris Pasquale: Okay, that's helpful and then circle back on the opportunity for CENTERA in Europe, so you touched on a lower pricing of some of the competitive systems there and my sense was that historically some centers may have gravitated to self expanding products in part because of that lower price point. So, first do you think that's accurate and then if so what portion of the roughly half of the market is self expanding today, do you think it is really open to you with a premium priced product?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, so thanks. You are on a great point Chris. To be honest with you we are not positive, exactly why that part of the market is buying what they are. Might it be on price, it could be their primary motivator, might it be they just happen to have a great relationship with the company that's serving them, that's possible and it might be that they learned on self expanding systems or have a preference for self expanding systems. And that's the bigger issue. So we're going to find that out but from Edwards they're not going to get self expanding at the same kind of low price. So we will figure that out pretty soon.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please proceed. 
Raj Denhoy: Hi, good afternoon. Just wanted to ask on Pascal, I know you answered the question about kind of the pace of adoption but when you think about that market sort of already being so much established with mitral in Europe have you started to maybe give some thoughts around your expectation for what sort of share you could capture from that other product in 2019 and 2020? 
Michael A. Mussallem: No, you know that would really be getting ahead of ourselves. At this point we're really looking forward to having high quality clinical trials and trying to make sure that we have some outstanding outcomes. And once we get a chance to actually see a body of clinical data then we'll have a better understanding of what that ramp might look like. But it's just premature right now. 
Raj Denhoy: Okay, but I'm guessing your expectation it would be relatively high in terms of the share you would expect to take or hope to take with PASCAL? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Well I mean we're continuing to pursue the programs. We're not going to abandon it, we like the program a lot. We think that clinicians are going to like it a lot. The early feedback is good. But it's too soon for us to estimate what it will mean. 
Raj Denhoy: Fair enough and then maybe just on the surgical balance side on INTUITY, you had a very nice quarter and I guess the new technology add on payment is helping there and so I am just curious why you didn't raise the guidance for that segment as you look into 2019, I know it's relatively small given some other things you're doing but you did put up a very nice quarter and you had that nice tailwind on reimbursement so why not increase the guidance? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, so we're very excited about what's going on in surgical heart valves and the INTUITY growth is particularly exciting and I think as we mentioned we think this could become a quarter of our sales here in 2018. But you have to also understand what's going on there which is this is a big part of this business is aortic valve implantations and with the tremendous growth of TAVR there's a natural cannibalization that takes place. And so and you see our continued optimism in TAVR is a headwind for the surgical business and I think surgical business are very well prepared to deal with that and how really forward leaning have great innovations for surgeons. But that's one that causes us to be little bit moderate in terms of getting in front of ourselves. 
Raj Denhoy: Okay, but I guess one would expect given we won't see low risk for addition of the year or year and half or so, you should have another kind of nice season here of surgical valves I would think? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, we are pretty pleased with all of Edwards business. The critical care feels pretty good right now too but at this point we're not changing our estimates and it builds our confidence that we'll be able to put two to four up in surgical and six to eight in critical care. At the same time we're gravitating towards the high end of what we had previously estimated in transcatheter heart valves.
Raj Denhoy: Sounds great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed. 
Glenn Novarro: Hi, good afternoon. Three real quick question for you Mike, first, in the U.S. how many TAVR centers you think will open up new centers in 2018, that's one? Two, the imaging study in the low risk SAPIEN trial, has that finished enrolling and will that also be at ACC? And then is there anything we should be paying attention to on the litigation front particularly seeing you in Boston Scientific -- versus SAPIEN and the sturdy shoes? Thank you. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, so first on the number of centers, difficult for us to estimate. I don't know it might be in the 25 to 50 range in 2018, something similar to what we saw in 2017. Let's see what was your, I've forgotten your second question. 
Glenn Novarro: Yeah, the imaging study that
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, the imaging study is yet to enroll. So we are still engaged in enrolling that. That's something that we're very focused on. In terms of upcoming events we have U.S. IPR hearing on the validity of the Boston patents that were in December and we expect a decision in Q1. But just bigger picture, there is going to just be a number of court actions over an extended period of time. So I don't know that there's going to be anything decisive here in the near term.
Glenn Novarro: Okay, and then just the imaging study, does that finish enrolling in 1Q and do we see that in ACC as well next year?
Michael A. Mussallem: No, I think we were thinking of that more of a midyear kind of things and so, you may see something presented again with a subset of that study and I never know exactly if somebody might do a presentation that's an interim one. But more likely we think that it is going to be at least mid year for that to be fully enrolled. 
Glenn Novarro: Okay, so it is the main body that we see at ACC next year. 
Michael A. Mussallem: That's correct. 
Glenn Novarro: Okay, thanks Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed. 
Bruce Nudell: Thanks for taking my question. Mike to fully exploit and cannibalize the surgical tissue of valve market it seems like you need longer study and kind of unencumbered ability to go after patients with bicuspid valves. Do you feel that the low risk label will be in anyway restrictive with regards to bicuspid valves, then I have a follow-up? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, well I mean there's a couple of directions here. First as it relates to the surgical valve business, we think people with isolated aortic stenosis many of those are going to become great candidates for TAVR. But there are also a number of great surgical candidates, those that have complex conditions that are going to need surgery that address a number of issues including their aortic valve and they're also going to be the younger more active patients that are not going to be naturally great candidates for TAVR. So, we think both the combination of those and our innovations is going to keep the aortic side growing at the same time we're growing mitrals. As it relates to your question about bicuspid it's not contraindicated now. There's debate in the clinical community about it but we are running a bicuspid registry that matured further and formed that question.
Bruce Nudell: And then my second question pertains to M3 which was kind of released at the Analyst Day and could you just talk about your optimism about that approach, the strength of that approach, and any particular technical hurdles that that approach presents to you?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, so right now it's just early Bruce. And so we're involved in early feasibility and we're trying to evaluate that. From an optimism point of view I think we mentioned that we have quite a bit of experience with SAPIEN 3 in the mitral position and so that gives us some confidence that we can do a great job of anchoring and being leak free. It could be an interesting platform but it's just early and we're pleased to have two platforms. I mean we're optimistic about M3, we're also optimistic about the CardiAQ platform and making nice progress there and we are pleased with our cadence of implants and the results that we're getting. And again all the cases that Edwards is doing today we're doing transseptal so through percutaneous procedures.
Bruce Nudell: Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Margaret Kaczor with William Blair. Please proceed. 
Margaret Kaczor: Hey, good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Two from me, first, I wanted to call up on the U.S. TAVR growth that you guys are seeing and you referenced some of the low volume centers seeing some nice growth and maybe that is due to referral networks. Any idea whether that is being driven by you guys through meeting some of the DTC marketing that you have done and maybe will you increase that or do you think its investments on behalf of the hospitals that understand the profitability of TAVR? 
Michael A. Mussallem: We think that the contribution that is coming from our direct to physician and direct to patient is still relatively small. And so we think that there is a real contribution that when centers add TAVR that they open up a referral network that hadnt been tapped into in the past and that's been a helpful driver. And so whether its a brand new center or centers that are still relatively new only been at it for a few years that's where we are seeing some significant growth. 
Margaret Kaczor: And then two part guidance question, in terms of your guidance if you are looking out, how much do you assume for CENTERA and Ultra in 2018 and then when you reference staying more steady growth throughout the year given the momentum in Q4 were you referring global TAVR or were you referencing U.S. TAVR? Thanks. 
Michael A. Mussallem: So, in terms of CENTERA we really haven't penciled in very much. If we had success there, that could be a positive for us. It is relatively small in our guidance. In terms of where did we see the growth in the fourth quarter, it was everywhere. I mean of course the U.S. is our biggest region and so that stands out but we saw a strong momentum we think in all of our geographies. 
Scott B. Ullem: And just to add to that just carrying forward we think that's probably going to be the case in 2018 as well as you look out quarter-by-quarter and start to predict each quarter but the increased and less of the ramp is probably just because we're getting contributions around the world.
Margaret Kaczor: And I am sorry, just a follow up on that, when you look at 2018 and that steadier growth is that specifically to the U.S., global or both? Thanks. 
Michael A. Mussallem: That's what I am saying, I think it is going to be really broad based. It's tough to predict each geography but in the fourth quarter both of those regions grew over 20% and so we're expecting that we're going to get good growth from all of our major cities in 2018.
Margaret Kaczor: Great, thank you guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen and Company. Please proceed. 
Joshua Jennings: Hi, thanks gentleman. I wanted to ask about the PARTNERS III continued access program and just to make sure that that's up and running and any details you can provide just in terms of number of patients per year, the restrictions per quarter per year if we think about a thousand patients we saw on the intermediate caps?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, so this point focuses on completing the CT study. We dont have any kind of CAP program. Once we enroll at CT sub study we will evaluate the CAP program at that time and we will let you know if that's in the cards.
Joshua Jennings: Understood, thanks and just on the international performance, I mean clearly the European performance that you mentioned was aided by the comp in the absence in France last year but still if you exclude for that you still have at least high teens growth by our calculations. Are you seeing anything in Europe particularly in intermediate risk and attrition, are they moving down I guess the intermediate risk curve into that lower end of younger, less sick patients if you will with low risk --? Thanks for taking the question. 
Michael A. Mussallem: No, I think generally not. You have to remember that Europe is this combination of many countries, some of the countries that just didnt have reimbursement in place in the early days are starting to have it in place. So, that may help but just broadly if those places that were less penetrated so the smaller countries if you will they are probably making the bigger contribution to growth in Europe.
Joshua Jennings: Thanks a lot. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay, well thanks so much for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone and with that back to you David. 
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying sales and growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at Edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours and to access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13674893. Let me repeat those numbers dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and the conference number is 13674893. In addition an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson - VP, IR Mike Mussallem - Chairman & CEO Scott Ullem - CFO
Analysts: Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities Matt Miksic - UBS Securities Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity Raj Denhoy - Jefferies Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs Bruce Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Josh Jennings - Cowen & Company Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank John Gillings - JMP Securities
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all, participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. Please begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our third quarter 2017 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and the accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance and current expectations for new product approvals, benefits and launches, clinical and regulatory timelines, competitive matters, trends in therapy adoption and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2016 annual report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and adjusted, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, David. We're pleased to report strong third quarter performance that continue to deliver double-digit overall organic growth, driven by robust sales our innovative therapies. Total sales grew 13% on an underlying basis, which was in line with our expectations. Sales were lifted by strong global growth in TAVR and are consistent with our projection of a plus $5 billion market opportunity by 2021. We continue to aggressively pursue breakthrough structural heart therapies with the potential to drive significant future growth and help an even broader group of patients. Before we get into the product line results, I'd like to say a few words about the impact from recent natural disasters in the Caribbean and the U.S. Edwards has significant operations in Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic, which are the principal manufacturing locations for our Critical Care products. Our Puerto Rico facilities sustained some flooding, which temporarily affected manufacturing operations there, until we resumed full production a couple of weeks ago. None of our heart valve manufacturing is conducted in those areas. Most importantly, all of our employees have been accounted for and are safe. And although a number have reported significant damage to their homes and loss of personal belongings, Edwards and our employees across the globe are generously making contributions in support of our people there. I was able to personally visit the area recently and was very inspired by our employees' resolve and eagerness to return to work so they can continue to help patients. While a number of the procedures in Houston and Florida were postponed during the hurricanes, fortunately, we believe a substantial number of these patients have since been treated. The majority of these affected hospitals have resumed normal operations, and we estimate the total impact on our third quarter sales was a couple of million dollars. Turning to Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy; adjusted global sales were $498 million, up 20% on an underlying basis over the prior year, including the anticipated adjustment for the consumption of stocking inventory in Germany. Growth was driven by continued strong therapy adoption, both inside and outside the U.S. Globally, our average selling price remained stable. In the U.S., transcatheter heart valve sales for the quarter were $312 million, representing 20% growth versus the prior year. We estimate that the procedure growth in the U.S. was about the same. These results were consistent with our expectations and the typical seasonal slowdown. Strong adoption continued to fuel an increase in procedures broadly across our network of hospitals, led by our best-in-class SAPIEN 3 valve. We continue to be encouraged by the strong international adoption of TAVR, particularly where overall therapy penetration is still relatively low. Outside the U.S., our underlying growth rate was an impressive 21%, with a strong contribution from Japan, where TAVR was introduced more recently. We estimate procedure growth in Europe was in the low teens compared to last year, with Edwards growth about the same. We estimate our competitive position this quarter remained unchanged. Consistent with our previous comments, our results reflected little benefit from a competitor's product recall earlier this year and others were the primary beneficiaries. Growth in European countries with lower TAVR adoption rates continue to outpace countries where the therapy is more established. Turning to our near-term product pipeline, we risk -- we recently introduced our CE Mark pending SAPIEN 3 Ultra System at the PCR London Valves meeting. The system features advancements designed to help TAVR heart teams simplify procedures, save time and reduce the chance of complications. The Ultra System also adds a taller outer skirt on the valve, which is designed to further improve its outstanding performance. We expect to initiate a launch in Europe by the end of the year and plan to introduce this system in the U.S. in late 2018. At the London Valves Conference, excellent six-month clinical data results were presented on our CENTERA system, continuing the positive trends seen in the 30-day data presented earlier this year. We expect to launch this premium self-expanding valve system in Europe by year-end, and we'll use that experience to inform our U.S. and global plans. Enrollment in our PARTNER III low-risk trial was progressing and our goal remains to have this randomized trial enrolled around year-end. And as a reminder, our groundbreaking EARLY-TAVR Trial, the first of its kind to study severe aortic stenosis patients without diagnosed symptoms, continues to enroll. In summary, we expect our full year THVT underlying sales growth to be around the midpoint of our previous 20% to 25% guidance. This reflects significantly better results than our original sales guidance of 15% to 20%. Turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy. Sales for the quarter was $196 million and were up 2% on an underlying basis, consistent with our expectations. Growth was driven by strong performance of our INTUITY Elite valve system and the solid growth in our core products outside the U.S. This growth was partially offset by the continuing shift from our surgical aortic valves to SAPIEN 3 valves in the U.S. and Europe. Our INTUITY valve was recently approved for Medicare's new tech add-on payment effective October 1 of this year. This recognized INTUITY as the new technology that provide substantial clinical improvement over conventional valves. We believe many hospitals will be helped by this add-on payment over the next year, and this should simplify adoption of this rapid-deployment valve that shortens minimally invasive and complex procedures. Our INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve has been launched in Europe, and we're looking forward to launching this platform globally. Our newest surgical valve features RESILIA tissue and is designed for potential future valve-in-valve procedures. We believe this offers an ideal platform for active patients and patients seeking alternatives to mechanical valves, which carry the risks associated with blood thinners. We continue to plan for a 2018 launch in the U.S. and Europe. In summary, surgical heart valves, we continue to expect full year underlying sales growth of 3% to 4%. In Critical Care, sales for the quarter were $145 million, and grew 5% on an underlying basis. This performance was driven by a solid growth of our core products and our Enhanced Surgical Recovery Program, particularly in the U.S. and Asia Pacific. We expect the global launch of HemoSphere, our next-generation advance monitoring platform, to be a significant contributor to our longer-term success. While sales were minimal this quarter, the launch is expected to continue to ramp into 2018. HemoSphere is designed to provide greater clarity on a patient's hemodynamic status to enable clinicians to make timely, potentially life-saving decisions. This system is modular and designed and we plan to add enhanced surgical recovery capabilities to this all-in-one platform in the future. We are in the process of introducing our acumen software suite with our new FloTrac IQ smart disposables in Europe. This is a low blood pressure or hypotension probability indicator to alert physicians in advance of this dangerous condition. In summary, we continue to expect full year underlying sales growth in Critical Care to be at the high end of 5% to 7%. Turning to our structural heart programs. We are enthusiastic about the opportunities in our transcatheter therapies to treat patients suffering from tricuspid and mitral disease. Today, I will cover some select updates, and you can expect additional updates at next week's TCT Medical Conference and a more complete overview of our portfolio at our investor conference in December. Physician enthusiasm continues to be strong around tricuspid therapy. At TCT, we expect updates on Cardioband in the tricuspid position and our FORMA system. During the quarter, we are pleased to begin treating U.S. patients in the Cardioband mitral IDE trial called the ACTIVE trial. In Europe, we recorded approximately $1 million in commercial sales this quarter, which are reported in the THVT product line. We continue to believe that the annular reduction provided by Cardioband can be an important first-line repair therapy for many mitral patients. We've begun treating patients in the CE Mark trial called CLASP for our PASCAL transcatheter mitral repair program and are actively expanding this trial into multiple centers. We continue to treat patients and incorporate learnings with our Edwards CardiAQ mitral valve replacement system. We have decided to sharpen our focus based on our recent clinical experience and now plan to commercialize the valve system that incorporates a number of significant enhancements. This system features several important advantages, including a smaller profile to enhance transseptal delivery via the femoral vein, rather than between the ribs. We believe this strategy accelerates our progress to achieve our goal to introduce a true transcatheter therapy that stimulates adoptions and serves a much broader group of patients. We are refining our CE Mark timing and will provide an update on our investor conference. This change has financial implications, which Scott will discuss in a few minutes. Overall, while still early, we remain excited about our portfolio of transcatheter mitral and tricuspid offerings. We are aggressively investing in R&D, operations and commercial infrastructure to support these emerging therapies with significant upside potential. Separately, clinical data collection remains on track for Harpoon Medical minimally invasive chordal repair system. Edwards has an option to acquire this technology, and we expect to make a decision by the end of the year. And before I turn it over to Scott, following a thorough analysis of our global supply chain, we recently made a decision to close our small heart valve plant in Switzerland and absorb these operations into our evolving global network. We plan to support the impacted employees and appreciate their dedicated service. We expect to wind down operations in early 2018 and are recognizing a $10 million charge this quarter. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott Ullem: Thank you, Mike. I am pleased to report another quarter of double-digit underlying sales growth, which generated strong earnings per share growth. Adjusted sales were $838 million, up 13% over 2016. These results were consistent with our expectations and the typical seasonal slowdown. In addition, adjusted sales include $17 million of Germany de-stocking sales. We continue to expect 2017 to be an excellent year with underlying sales growth above our original expectation of 10% to 14%. Our operating margin expanded over 2016 and is on track to achieve attractive levels this year. Adjusted earnings per share growth was 24%. Adjusted EPS was $0.84, and GAAP EPS was $0.79, which includes the $10 million charge related to closing our small manufacturing plant in Switzerland that Mike discussed, as well as other customary adjustments consistent with prior quarters. As we previously discussed, forecasting earnings per share is less because of the new accounting for stock-based compensation. Adjusted earnings per share would have been $0.88 this quarter, based on the excess tax benefit we estimated in our guidance last quarter. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 74% compared to 72.8% in the same period last year. This improvement primarily reflects the benefit of a more profitable business mix, led by growing sales of TAVR, as well as a favorable comparison of supply chain expenses. Partially offsetting these benefits were expenses associated with flooding from Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico and the planned closure of our manufacturing plant in Switzerland. We continue to expand our full year 2017 gross profit margin, excluding special items, to be at the midpoint of 74% and 76%. Going forward, this is a good near-term modeling assumption, anticipating mix improvements, offset by planned capacity improvements. We'll discuss those expectations at our investor conference in December. Turning to selling, general and administrative expenses. Third quarter expenses increased 7% over the prior year to $245 million or 29.8% of sales. This increase was driven by personnel and sales related expenses, primarily in support of our transcatheter heart valve therapy product line. We continue to expect full year SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 28% and 29% of sales for the full year. Research and development investments in the quarter increased 26% over the prior year to $143 million or 17.4% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter valve programs. We continue to expect R&D, excluding special items, to be between 16% and 17% of sales for the full year. During the third quarter, we recorded a $17 million net reduction in the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities. This reduction was primarily the result of the cardiac plants Mike mentioned earlier, which reduced the likelihood of a European regulatory milestone payment. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 19.7%, down from 23.7% in the prior year period. This quarter's rate benefited 350 basis points from the new accounting for employee stock-based compensation. However, as I mentioned earlier, this benefit was lower than we estimated in our guidance last quarter. We continue to expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 17% and 19%. Foreign exchange rates increased third quarter sales growth by 0.4% compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now expect de minimis impact to full year 2017 sales compared to the prior year. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $269 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $311 million, less capital investments of $42 million. Our capital spending reflects investments we are making to increase valve manufacturing capacity. Turning to the balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.4 billion. Total debt was approximately $1 billion. Average shares outstanding during the quarter were 216 million, which is consistent with our assumption for the fourth quarter and full year. Now turning to our 2017 guidance. For 2017, we are reaffirming all of our full year sales guidance ranges. For Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, we continue to expect sales at the high end of $1.7 billion to $2.0 billion. For Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, we expect sales of $780 million to $810 million. And for Critical Care, we expect the sales at the high end of $560 million to $600 million. For total Edwards, we continue to expect sales at the high end of our $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion range. We also remain confident in our full year guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $3.65 and $3.85. Lastly, we continue to expect free cash flow, excluding special items, to exceed the top end of our -- $625 million and $675 million range. For the fourth quarter 2017, at current foreign exchange rates, we project adjusted sales to be between $855 million and $895 million, and adjusted earnings per share to be between $0.84 and $0.94. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, Scott. We're very pleased with performance achieved across all our product lines and believe our future remains bright. Our innovative TAVR therapies continue to deliver value to patients, and our transcatheter mitral and tricuspid valve technologies continue to represent exciting opportunities for breakthrough therapies. Overall, we're confident that our important innovations will result in a continued strong outlook as we deliver valuable solutions for the patients we serve. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. Before we open it up for questions, I'd like to remind you about two upcoming events. First, there is an informal Q&A with Dr. David Cohen at TCT in Denver next Tuesday. If you haven't RSVP-ed, please do so this week. Second is our 2017 Investor Conference on Thursday, December 7, in New York, which will include updates on our latest technologies, as well as our outlook for 2018. More information about this event will be available in the coming weeks. We're ready to take questions now. In order to allow broad participation, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and well answer as many as we can during the remainder of the call. Operator, please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And thank you, our first question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Mike Weinstein: Thank you very much. I appreciate you taking the question. So, let me just touch first on the TAVR business. So, the TAVR business grew on underlying basis, 20%, 21% this quarter, 25% in the first nine months of the year and the midpoint guidance for the 20%, 25% range for the year would seem to imply about 16% growth in the fourth quarter. So, I guess one is that, is that, right? Is that what you meant to imply? Two, can you just talk about your view of the TAVR market this quarter? Obviously, the U.S. market -- U.S. business was down sequentially, which was a little bit below The Street's expectations, but the OUS business was stronger. And just how should we think about TAVR market growth clearly over the next, let's call it, 1.5 years before we potentially get to a readout on PARTNER III and how you think about the market growth for the next big catalyst? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Mike, appreciate the question. Yeah, the math that you did around the remainder of the year sounds like it's pretty close. That was the signal that we're trying to send. And yeah, it is a correct observation that the sales growth during the course of the year is lower in the second half than it was in the first half. We're really pleased -- we were surprised a high level of sales growth in the first half, it was extraordinary from our perspective. Remember, we went into the year thinking far less. And the second half of the year has kind of turned out the way that we expected. Remember, this is a long-term growth platform. We're very pleased that this many years after the introduction, we're still growing strong. We think it's particularly remarkable outside the U.S. where we started introducing in Europe 10 years ago to be growing at 20% OUS is something that we think is pretty impressive. But broadly, we have a long-term view. We projected that we think that this market opportunity will be more than $5 billion by 2021, and we think that the results that we're putting up this year, including the way we expect was in line with that. So yeah, I don't expect that we're going to have the heavy 60% growth rates that we had just a year ago and that we're going to settle into something that's more moderate. We'll give specific guidance at our investor conference in December, but I think the way that you characterized it is accurate.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. And then Scott, it's probably been several quarters since you guys haven't reported a quarter and then raised guidance for the full year. Could you just maybe try and tease out some of the different moving parts that you're running through in your prepared commentary? Obviously, the hurricanes had some impact on the business, but can you just kind of run through some other items you think may be holding back earnings in the third and fourth quarter? Thanks.
Scott Ullem: Yes. So, we feel really good about where we are year-to-date. And we're glad that we had a third quarter that met our expectations. It's pretty lofty expectations, as Mike said, a lot higher than we originally expected to be end of the year. So, I don't think anything is really holding back our continued growth. I think that there will be some changes in the fourth quarter around gross margin. We'll get a little bit less help from FX, which will impact earnings per share. But that's in our guidance. I'm not sure it's really noteworthy. Beyond that, fourth quarter is looking pretty much the way we thought it would earlier this year, and we think we're off to -- we think we're on the right path.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. Ill let some other jump in. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
David Lewis: Thanks, and good afternoon. Mike, I just want to start with a couple of product questions and maybe a quick follow-up. On CardiAQ, I appreciate the update. Can you just give us a general sense of this sort of reformulation of the product? What rough sense would have in terms of the delay and then the CE mark trial or assuming we stopped and you restart it. Should we be thinking more of a six-month delay to restarting that trial or 12-month? And for the December Analyst Day, is there a chance we get an update on the next-generation SAPIEN platform? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, David. We're not prepared to lay out specific CE mark timing. We should be prepared to do that when we get to the investor conference, David. The bigger point that we wanted to do today was to share with you the change of strategy in which we felt it was appropriate to implement these significant enhancements that we think are going to be really meaningful that it's important for us to jump back. Overall, I think it actually is going to collapse our time to success, the time to long-term success, although it might delay for sales, but we think that's going to be -- this is going to be a good trade-off in the eyes of investors. In terms of next-generation SAPIEN valve, I don't that we're going to get into details on that for competitive reasons. We're really pleased that we're going to be launching both the Ultra System and CENTERA here before year-end, and we think there will be a lot of customer excitement around that. And as you correctly identified, we are working on next-generation systems that could be even more exciting, but we're probably not ready to share that yet.
David Lewis: And then Mike, just want to come back to the U. S. market dynamics again. Obviously, you try to quantify what the hurricane impact was and it seems sort of minimal, but given the fact that other companies that have reported so far, their earnings have actually shown some rather weak U.S. utilization numbers and each quarter for Edwards in the U.S. market has not been particularly predictive of, let's say, the next quarter from a sequential growth perspective. Is there anything from a share perspective or utilization in certain accounts or the rate in which accounts came on board here in the third quarter that surprise you in any way? Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, David. I think that, that share positions have continued to be pretty consistent, pretty stable, both inside and outside the U.S. compared to a quarter ago. So probably not a lot of news from that perspective. The competitive dynamics probably haven't changed quite as much as we thought they might that could still be in our future. In particular, that -- we noted that the exit of Lotus from the marketplace probably didn't help us very much. It may have helped our competitors, but I don't know that there's a lot of other dynamics that are going on. We feel like the market is still growing nicely and that we're pretty much growing in line with market growth.
David Lewis: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Let me ask the ubiquitous 2018 question maybe a different way it sounds like Mike based on your recent comments in September, public comment you expect the TAVR and the critical-care business to grow at a similar rate next year as 2017. I guess, the question is, are you willing to talk a little bit about the contribution from mitral and tricuspid next year and big picture should we think about 2018 as a transition year before we see the low-risk data at ACC presumably in early 2019? And on the P&L it sounds like you plan to invest in a dedicated mitral and tricuspid sales force next year in Europe, which will I don't have set any leverage in the P&L is that fair? Thanks for taking the question.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Larry. So, a few things. First of all, as you've correctly pointed out we're not ready to share specific guidance for 2018. You all know quite a bit about our critical-care business and our heart valve business and our transcatheter aortic business, and all those businesses have some pretty clear trajectories and I think we've been clear in terms of what we think is possible. We think they're both -- they're all going to be really nice growers and maintain their leadership. So that's that. In terms of transcatheter, mitral, and tricuspid, I don't expect 2018 to be much of a sales year. I think it's going to be a really important year in terms of us making progress toward key milestones, creating value, sort of crack the code on what's most important and laying evidence in place, so it'll be an important year, but not one that probably is going to drive sales growth. We're more focused on what kind of growth will those platforms will provide some time out, more in the mid to long term. So, you should think about it from that perspective. In terms of investments, we're always thoughtful about that. Of course, some investments are going to need to be made in advance, and, you know, we were spending pretty aggressively in R&D field resources we'll try and be thoughtful on that and try not to get too far ahead of ourselves although some of that will be advanced investment. So, I don't think you should see an overall dominant affect from that in the 2018 plan.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Bob Hopkins: Hi, thanks and good afternoon. So just first of all just a clarifying question on the TAVR business and THV sales in the quarter because of the what happened in Germany I think there's maybe a little bit of confusion so just to be clear in the third quarter your worldwide THV sales adjusted for Germany were $498 million and that compares to on an apples-to-apples basis $510 million in the second quarter. Is that right?
Scott Ullem: So, Bob, its Scott. Yeah, the $498 million is adjusted for $17 million of Germany stocking, and relative to the second quarter 510  hold on one second let me just make sure we're giving you the apples-to-apples number. Yeah, so it's $510 million also adding back the consumption of sales, stocking sales in Germany.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. And then just, Mike, to clarify your comments on the U.S. market, because obviously that one change this quarter was your competitor did get approval for intermediate risk, so you think that you basically held share despite that approval and that the market growth rate will be around this 20% level?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Bob. Yeah, we think that this has been pretty consistent that there wasn't a big change in share. It's hard -- it's always tough to estimate because, you know, we report out of cycle with each other. But our best estimate is that we're probably growing in line with the market and we basically factored those approvals into our guidance.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. And then maybe one quick comment on Japan, that's a clear bright spot in the quarter, how sustainable is that growth in your view. Just give us a sense of market dynamics in Japan currently?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, the adoption in that country is still early they're continue to go add centers as we had expected and we continue to believe that right now they're primarily just treating high-risk patients, so the opportunity for expansion is still significant there. Hard for us to quantify, but we could talk about that one more in December as well.
Bob Hopkins: Great. Thank you very much.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please proceed.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks. Mike, just a couple for you to start on the mitral program and it's been hard to tell, obviously, this year from the revenue piece of what's going on with Cardioband but you guys along the way have been making some investments to lay the foundation there. Can you just give us an update at this point of what's your European transcatheter mitral sales organization looks like how many people have you actually added this year?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, I'm not sure the exact numbers, Chris, but yeah, we have been adding people to the Cardioband organization in Europe. Maybe one of the things that's not apparent here is we believe that Cardioband not only applicable in the mitral position but also in the tricuspid position. So, in addition to our field resources and, well, all of our resources for that matter supporting Cardioband mitral cases they're also supporting Cardioband tricuspid cases and we think Cardiobond could be an important contributor there. We don't get any sales credit, no commercial cases for the tricuspid cases those are still commercial at this time. So, we've ramped up. There's probably maybe a few more resources, but basically where we want to be right now that sort of leveling out here in the fourth quarter.
Chris Pasquale: Okay. And then one for Scott just following up on Larry's question about the potential to drive operating leverage next year and I know we'll get into this in a lot more detail in December. But it seems like you guys have been in investment mode of one form every year for the last several years. Are you trying to signal that you're thinking about 2018 differently from what we've seen the last couple in terms of the level of investment that's required and therefore the potential for operating leverage, or is it just shifting to new priorities as they come along?
Mike Mussallem: No, we are going to continue to invest aggressively in the business especially around research and development. We've made a lot of progress over the last two years just in leveraging SG&A as we've gotten more global. Weve continue to drive that SG&A is a percentage of sales ratio down. We're looking for opportunities to continue to get more efficient. That said, we're going to invest as Mike said in field resources to support our transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies, but I think overall our operating margin continues to look very favorable. It's improved over the last couple of years and it's an area of focus, but, again, primary focus at Edwards is driving top-line organic growth.
Chris Pasquale: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with UBS. Please proceed. Matt Miksic, your line is now live. Please proceed.
Matt Miksic: Thanks so much. Yeah, Im sorry to again mute there. Thank you for taking my question. So, I had one, Mike, and many questions here on the U.S. growth and one thing that you did mention, I don't think was -- some of the comments you made in the first half of the year was kind of surprised in terms of performance of the smaller, newer centers entering the market and expanding geographically in the U.S. I just want to get a sense if you had any comment or color on what that look like in Q3?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We continue to have new centers joined. We probably have, I don't know, maybe a dozen new centers joined in the quarter. So, we were probably in excess now of 550 centers and we do get contribution from those. And so, we're actually seeing a contribution across the board from large centers to small. It seems as though when new centers come in, that they unlocked a group of patients that maybe weren't being seen by the centers that were already present. Maybe because people were their own networks or they just did weren't insider referral pattern that found them into a TAVR Center. So, we are getting a contribution from that. But as you can imagine, the numbers are getting large. And so, this is validates for us the under treatment that's going on in TAVR and gives us confidence that this is going to have -- quite a bit of a runway in front of us.
Matt Miksic: And just to follow-on to that is from a follow-up on the market I think, there's a perception that we have an immediate risk of this last indication and now it's going to be too early 2019 before we get another catalyst in terms of data. But entering the intermediate-risk market, didn't substantially expand the number of patients it can be treated in the U.S. I'd love to get your sense as to, may not be another clinical catalyst for TAVR until early 2019, but where are you in terms of -- do you feel like penetration or is this something we would expect to quickly get through this number of patients or is this a group of patients that you expect to be kind of growing into over the next two to three years? 
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. Yeah, we've tried to talk about this before. We really believe that there's a dramatic under-penetration of patients. So, when we looked at severe aortic stenosis patients in 2016 with symptoms, we felt that less than 20% were being treated. And so, we have a big opportunity. And even, though we have the intermediate risk approval it takes time for clinical practice to change it takes time for the guidelines to change it takes time for referral patterns to change and that's been happening. And overall, we're pleased we've seen some nice growth. But we're not coming close to the full potential that was unlocked with that indication let alone what's still in front of us. So, we continue to have work on that. So TAVR's still underutilized. The new data on  that we continually present. I think is very helpful in terms of making the argument and we've got some data actually coming up at the upcoming TCT where they're going to highlight the economics which will be interesting to see how contemporary economics compare to the economics that were last measured within the PARTNER trial.
Matt Miksic: Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed.
Jason Mills: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, can you hear about okay? I am on a cell phone.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, Jason. Hear you fine.
Jason Mills: Super. So, start with mitral. I'm sure you've had a chance to take a look at least of course you look at intrepid Medtronic announced first patient enrollment. Perhaps, interest in your comments, just supposing the inclusion, exclusion criteria and as far as you've have a chance to really evaluate one versus the other to Cardioband and your broader thoughts on moving towards commercialization of products in the United States for a functional mitral regurgitation? And sort of how those algorithms will play out? I know it's probably hard to discern at this point, but just interested in what you learned or what observations are coming out of the commencement of both of those trials?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. Yeah, I'm not sure going deep into the inclusion or exclusion criteria or deep into trial design is all that insightful. But I think the portfolios themselves and the strategies are more interesting. We're going to drill deep on that when we get to our investor conference. But broadly, you can see that our competitors feel comfortable moving forward with a transapical system and we have chosen a different tack here. We really believe that transapical is going to be necessary to unlock this. And so that's going to be important. We also think that repair is going to play an important role in mitral therapies and we're pursuing a couple of technologies very aggressively there. We'll talk about exactly how that might all come together. But in the near-term, mitral is primarily a repair marketplace, and we have  there has to be some pretty impressive data presented to make the case that replacement technologies are ready to unseat them. And so, what we stay focused on is the really the long-term in terms of being able to treat the most patients with therapies and really cause the practice of medicine to change. Right now, these mitral patients just do not get treated. Surgery is not considered an interesting alternative. And until we have catheter-based technologies, which are safe and effective, it's not going to change. And we do think it's going to be a toolbox, which is why we have a full portfolio. And we are feeling very good about what we're able to see. We're on steep learning curves, so we're gathering a lot of experience with all of our systems, and that's informing our strategy. So, we'll try and paint ad more comprehensive picture when we're together in December, but maybe that's a good starter.
Jason Mills: It is. Thanks Mike. Ill look forward to that. And then as a follow-up, on the TAVR side, going back to Mike's question initially start the call, it looks like fourth quarter sort of in that mid to high teens range, 16%, 17% but what was interesting in this quarter as you pointed out U.S. business grew a little bit slower perhaps than you may be expected in the OUS business outperformed. Do you expect that trend to hold in the fourth quarter? Do you think that U.S. will reaccelerate and perhaps grow a little bit faster than international markets? And then Scott just as a squeak-in for you gross margins your guidance seems to be prior were going to see a step up in the fourth quarter and I want to make sure I got that right. Thanks, guys.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Jason. I may have sent an inappropriate signal, if I suggest that that the U.S. was below our expectations. It was right in line with our expectations. Remember when our surprise was early in the year, when we projected what we thought would happen across the TAVR world in 2017, we originally had a projection of 15% to 20% growth and that was based on growth both inside and outside the U.S. Do I think the U.S. will get slower? Well, I think there's a lot of large numbers where some of that is probably going to be likely. One of the things that is impressive is that the OUS where penetration is low is continuing to be strong, but I don't expect any certainly big dramatic changes, Jason, if that's what you're asking.
Scott Ullem: And, Jason, it's Scott. Regarding fourth quarter and gross margins actually we think that the gross margins may be under pressure in Q4 versus Q3 if foreign currencies stay at their current levels. We had a little bit of benefit from FX in the third quarter and at current rates we would probably not see that same benefit.
Jason Mills: Okay. I'll get back in queue. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Raj Denhoy: Hi. Good afternoon. Wonder if I could just ask if there's any additional color you can give us on the PASCAL trial, the CLASP trial I think you told us today, where is that in terms of enrollment and when do you expect to get that product approved in Europe?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Raj. One of the things that I might call your attention to, I don't know if you noticed that there actually was a Lancet article that was published in August about our early feasibility results in PASCAL. This had, I think it was, about a 23-patient experience and it was really a feasibility study and it walked away with a conclusion that there was impress with the high rate of technical success and the reduction of mitral regurgitation. And so, the fact that such a new technology would gain that kind of profile we think we were pleased with and we think that's relatively noteworthy and so we're today engaged in this. We think that there -- well, you should expect that there's going to be a presentation at TCT, so I think if that same Lancet group that you're going to see six-month results at TCT and you're going to see -- we'll share more about this. The trial itself is on ClinicalTrials.gov, it's more than a 100-patient trial with I think a six-month primary end point, so maybe you can certainly refer to what's on that website to give you a little more information.
Scott Ullem: I guess the question is more, you know, as we think about the opportunity for that product, right I mean, as you know Mike is doing several $100 million in Europe and you think about potentially getting on the market next year, is that maybe too aggressive a timeline and if when you do get there, what are your thoughts or expectations around what you can do in that market?
Mike Mussallem: Well, I think the time line sounds aggressive. I mean, obviously, we're going to move as fast as we responsively can move. But I wouldn't be penciling anything in at 2018 at this point. We're very optimistic about the product line. We think it is -- it's one that users are going to like. We've gotten some nice feedback at this point. But it's still early in the evolution and I think it's one that we're a little bit more data. That will be interesting to see what's discussed at TCT next week.
Raj Denhoy: Okay. Fair enough. And maybe I'll ask one on surgical valves, don't get asked that very often. But in terms of the new technology add-on payment for INTUITY, any thoughts around what that can due to growth for that product adoption of that product in the United States?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We're really pleased that we got the new technology. We think it's going to have a positive impact. It went into effect October 1 of this year, and it's going to help hospitals, remember, when hospitals try to adopt these new technologies, often, it's really burden on their cost system. So, for Medicare patients, this helps defray some of that. And so, what it allows people to do is to get involved with an innovation like INTUITY and we think that it's going to provide, hopefully, some longer-term impact because they're going to have a chance to experience the product and have we think some very positive results associated with it and want to continue.
Raj Denhoy: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro: Good morning, guys. Thanks. First question was on the U.S. TAVR market, specifically with regards to OR capacity. Just curious if you could share with us you said you have visibility what percentage over portion of ORs you guys have out there active today or your approach theatrical limit in terms of the procedures they handle for TAVR? And I'm wondering if you think to the extent this that's an issue you'll see any alleviation of those capacity constraints on a timely fashion? Just trying to figure out if demand side here is starting to hit limiting items? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Isaac. I appreciate the question. And weve been asked that before. We continue to feel the same way. We just don't see this capacity as an issue as it relates to the TAVR. We see places where within an existing system, they're able to do six or even seven TAVRs in a day, so it's remarkable the way we are able to expand the capacity. And the bigger question is their ability to add teams, and hospitals can be pretty resourceful. I think they find  most hospitals find that they're able to be profitable and they will make the addition teams. So far, capacity is not really been an issue for us.
Isaac Ro: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe just a follow-up on the competitive landscape as we look into 2018 and beyond, what's your best guess when you think about how lot of your U.S. customers behave in terms of how they're going to think about maintaining the training required for multiple platforms? Is there sort of rule of thumb here you can share with us regards to whether or not two or three or more platforms start to become problematic from a training perspective and just kind of curious what that means, if whether or not that would change in the event that pricing were to become more aggressive from some of the new entrants?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We think, typically, most hospitals like to have more than one system on the shelf. Either because of a anatomical reasons or just competitive reasons, they like to have more than one. But we find that typically, they will have -- we call it a workhorse product or one valve that they're going to go most of the time, they get very comfortable with it, they have good outcomes. We think that will continue to be the case and that will be the primary dynamics you will experience. I think it will be unusual to see three or four systems on hospital shelf for the exact reasons you've mentioned. 
Isaac Ro: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed.
Bruce Nudell: Hi. Good afternoon. Mike, I had a question about the fourth quarter. Are you just basically assuming that the U.S. market decelerates below 20%?
Mike Mussallem: It's tough to know. It's probably that's the case. There may be a little bit of share in there, but it's probably moving in that direction over time. So we don't expect that there's going to be a big share shift necessarily in the quarter. So, I would expect the market to grow probably in line with our expectations. So, I don't know, the 15% to 20% range is probably moving in that direction. 
Bruce Nudell: Okay, perfect. And then just changing gears to PARTNER III. What's the average age in that trial of the patients? And also, is there an update in there to really allow for aggressive use in younger tricuspid patients? 
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So unfortunately, we're not able to see the age or -- and I'm not supposed to see the age of these patients. This data set this up and opened up yet, so I don't have that. I can't really share the characteristics of it. The PARTNER III study should support indication expansion for -- with no particular age limit. So, I don't know that it is going to be important. In terms of bicuspid, I don't know if I have a really clear answer for you. We're running a registry just for that group of patients hopefully, we get some insight into that. 
Bruce Nudell: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Josh Jennings: Thanks. Good evening. I was hoping to ask about the SAPIEN 3 Ultra valve files and when -- what should we expect to see data. And with the added features of taller outer skirt, how low should we think about the PBL rate going from SAPIEN 3 Ultra?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So, we're excited about getting the SAPIEN 3 Ultra out there. It's -- will have a CE Mark, and so you'll see the data ultimately following the CE Mark. So, I'd imagine may be mid-next year look at some of that in. In terms of its performance, it's got a couple of features and that's current that good really improve the performance. taller skirt we should make it -- we should get little better acute results. And then the skirt is also made of a different material, which should promote tissue in growth, and so we're hopeful that, that has some improvement on long-term results. So, we're optimistic about this valve platform. But again, I think it's one of those things that you start seeing it may be a middle of next year and then we'll certainly be following it over time.
Josh Jennings: Great. And it sounds like the U.S. approval will be in front of potential low-risk approval. I wanted to ask about the low risk indication with the trial enrollment completion slated for the end of this year, are you expecting to have a Continued Access Program ongoing in 2018?
Mike Mussallem: Okay. So first, -- yeah, we would expect that we would be able to get the Ultra valve into the U.S. because it should be a PMA supplement we would hope that by the end of 2018, that we'd get there. I don't know if we've made a decision on continued access. I wouldn't necessarily count on that. So, it's probably too soon. We  I'm certain will be in discussions with FDA about it. But right now, I don't have any good answer for you or clear one.
Josh Jennings: Understood. Thanks for the answers.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Kristen Stewart: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering Scott, if you could go to the gross margin for this current quarter. And can you quantify what the impact of Puerto Rico was or just cost from the hurricanes? And maybe just compare quarter-to-quarter what some of the puts and takes are? And that have a follow-up after that.
Scott Ullem: Sure, Kristen. So, Hurricane Maria, about 40 basis points. But let me take you through the whole gross margin profile. But it was pretty much as we expected it would turn out like, excluding special events. So, we ended at about 120 basis points higher than third quarter 2016. 220 basis points higher, driven by mix and about 140 basis points FX of about 0.5 point in supply chain and manufacturing benefits year-over-year of about 30 basis points. It was offset by Maria which you talked about before the closure of our Swiss facility and accelerating some depreciation on those assets is about 20 basis points. And then other items, about 40 basis points. So overall, it's pretty much like we expected. It turned into earnings per share of $0.88, excluding the actual excess tax benefit versus what we had expected. So, we expected a higher ETB than we thought would achieve, which is why our EPS looks like $0.84, but the way we're thinking about it modeling it, it's more like $0.88.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. Perfect. And then Mike, just regarding CENTERA, I know that you said you're going to use the experience early on what to guide your use, but what exactly are you looking for? You guys know the transcatheter valve market very well at this stage, so what are going to be some of the milestones that you be looking at and considering in order to determine what exactly will be definitive, I guess, to inform whether or not you'll pursue I guess, and expanded launch of CENTERA in Europe or a launch in the United States?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We're also  it's going to be interesting, Kristen, for us to observe the particular the behavior of physicians when they have CENTERA in their hands. CENTERA has a lot of advantages associated with it. Some of those physicians that are probably use self-expanding systems are probably spending much less at this point. So, we're going to have a chance to see just how they feel about an improved system that maybe has a higher price than the systems that they're using today and we look forward to that feedback and that's going to teach us a lot about what we need to think about for the future.
Kristen Stewart: So, it's just mainly a cost, I guess, differential in your mind? 
Mike Mussallem: They're probably use of cost differential, but that's not really driving us what we're really interested here in is seeing whether  the value framework for CENTERA is the way that we believe it will be. We think physicians are going to be pleased with it and are going to prefer CENTERA, but would really like to see that improving clinical practice.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. All right. Thanks for taking my questions. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Gillings with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
John Gillings: Hey thanks guys. Just one from me tonight big -picture one on the mitral segment. So, given that we're in the early stages of developing treatments for mitral disease and you've got what's shaping up to be a pretty robust portfolio of mitral products. Can you help us understand the extent to which there's cross-pollination of ideas between these teams and how that's shaping Edwards' overall approach to mitral disease, product development and, you know, maybe if that portfolio view had any impact on the decision to make some of the changes to the CardiAQ valve? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks. Inside Edwards, we've decided to organize our transcatheter mitral and tricuspid programs into a team that works together, so even though there are dedicated teams for each of these technologies, they share a lot of learning. Certainly, there's a lot of commonality and sharing across the clinical team across the regulatory team across the operations and supply chain team that actually goes throughout the organization. The management team sit together and they talk about their progress and their set-backs. It is very much does inform our strategy. So, yeah, it's a key opportunity that we have by having this portfolio of products that we're able to learn from each other. So, we think it's going to pay off. Actually, we think it will be a key success factor for Edwards in the long run and we're using that insight to actually shape our strategy today. Again, you'll get a chance to hear more of that. We feel like it's a little tough to do on a quarterly conference call, but we'll be able to get into it a little deeper at our Investor Conference in December.
John Gillings: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, thank you for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying sales and growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, the telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13670702. Ill repeat all those numbers for you, 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and the conference number is 13670702. In addition, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp. Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp. Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.
Analysts: Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, David Erickson, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please begin.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our second quarter 2017 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and the accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO, and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but are limited to, financial guidance and current expectations for new product launches, clinical and regulatory timelines, reimbursement and competitive matters, trends in therapy adoption and foreign currency fluctuations. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2016 annual report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and adjusted, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and our website. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, David. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong performance with a remarkable growth for Edwards at both the top and bottom lines. In the quarter, we continued to be rewarded for our innovative therapies as we execute our patient-focused strategy benefiting even more patients and healthcare systems worldwide. Strong demand for TAVR therapy resulted in total Edwards sales growth of 15% on an underlying basis. We delivered results above our expectations, which reflected strength in all three of our product lines across all regions. In transcatheter heart valves, adjusted global sales were $510 million, up 23% on an underlying basis over prior year including an upward adjustment for the consumption of stocking inventory in Germany. Growth was led by continued strong therapy adoption across all geographies. Globally, our average selling price remained stable. In the U.S., transcatheter heart valve therapy sales for the quarter were $316 million, representing 28% growth versus the prior year. We believe overall U.S. procedure growth this quarter was consistent with our growth. Therapy adoption continued to be strong, and our SAPIEN 3 valve has sustained its excellent clinical performance across large and small valve centers. Our growth was broadly distributed across our network, now approaching 550 hospitals with notably strong contributions from recently added centers. We continue to be encouraged by the strong international adoption of TAVR particularly where overall therapy penetration is still very low. Outside the U.S., our underlying growth rate was 16%, which includes the consumption of $22 million of stocking inventory in Germany. As a reminder, in the first quarter, customers in Germany purchased $62 million of additional SAPIEN 3 inventory in anticipation of a potential supply interruption resulting from IP litigation in that country. We included these stocking sales in our reported results, but excluded them from the adjusted results in the first quarter. We will add them back to the adjusted results in subsequent quarters as this inventory has consumed to better reflect actual hospital usage. We estimate procedure growth in Europe was in the mid-teens compared to last year. In the quarter, Edwards underlying unit growth was lower than this, reflecting a reduced share position versus a year ago. During 2017, we estimated our share position has remained stable. Growth in European countries with lower TAVR adoption rates continued to outpace countries where the therapy is more established. Consistent with historical trends, average selling prices declined slightly, which was in line with our expectations. In Japan, our highest growth region, we continue to see strong TAVR therapy adoption with new centers being added. We believe Edwards underlying growth in the second quarter was in line with overall procedural growth in that geography. Turning to our near-term product pipeline, we continue to expect our new Ultra system including an on-balloon delivery system and next-generation sheath technology will be launched in Europe later this year. In addition, we're also pleased with the excellent early clinical trial results presented at EuroPCR on our CENTERA system. We continue to plan a limited launch of this premium self-expanding valve system in Europe late this year, and we'll use that experience to inform our U.S. strategy. Enrollment continue to increase in our PARTNER III low risk trial, and our goal remains to have this randomized trial fully enrolled around the year-end. We're pleased that enrollment has begun in our EARLY-TAVR Trial. This groundbreaking trial is the first of its kind to study severe aortic stenosis patients without diagnosed symptoms. In summary, as a result of the unexpectedly strong start in 2017, we are raising our full year THV underlying sales growth guidance to 20% to 25%, even as we expect competition to intensify. As a reminder, in the second half of the year, we typically experienced a seasonal slowdown. Turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy. Sales for the second quarter of $207 million were up 6% on an underlying basis. This growth benefited from the recovery of a 2016 mitral valve supply interruption that lowered last year's sales. We also experienced continued strong sales growth in the U.S. for our EDWARDS INTUITY Elite valve system, which more than offset the impact of the shift of surgical aortic valve procedures to TAVR. Globally, our average selling price was higher due to the contribution of our premium INTUITY valve system. Clinician feedback on INTUITY has been very positive in our more than 200 U.S. hospitals currently offering this therapy. We're optimistic about this higher value platform and its ability to help improve the patient experience. As recently announced, we received FDA approval for our INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve and are planning a 2018 launch in the U.S. and Japan. We began launching in Europe earlier this year and have received an enthusiastic response for the use of this valve in the treatment of active patients who are seeking alternatives to mechanical valves. In summary, as a result of the strong first half results in surgical heart valves, we now expect a higher full year underlying sales growth rate of 3% to 4%. In the clinical care product group, sales for the quarter were $147 million and grew 5% on an underlying basis. Strong performance was driven by double-digit growth in our Enhanced Surgical Recovery Program, particularly in the U.S. and Asia Pacific. Our next-generation advanced monitoring platform, HemoSphere, just recently received U.S. regulatory clearance. We are initiating the global launch of this platform, which will ramp during the remainder of the year. HemoSphere is designed to provide greater clarity on a patient's hemodynamic status to enable clinicians to make timely potentially lifesaving decisions. HemoSphere is modular in design, and we plan to add enhanced surgical recovery capabilities to this all-in-one platform in the future. In addition, we're introducing our new FloTrac IQ smart disposables to select clinical sites in Europe. This is a low blood pressure or hypotension probability indicator to alert physicians in advance of this dangerous condition occurring. Pending regulatory approval, we plan a full launch in the U.S. and Europe in 2018. In summary, bolstered by a strong first half performance, we continue to expect full-year underlying sales growth in clinical care to be at the high end of the 5% to 7% range. Shifting gears to our structural heart initiative, this quarter, we continue to see positive momentum in our transcatheter therapies to treat patients suffering from mitral and tricuspid disease. We're pleased to announce that we recently completed enrollment of our CE Mark trial for Cardioband in the tricuspid position. Additionally, we've been rapidly incorporating learnings across our tricuspid portfolio. We have now treated nearly 100 patients suffering from tricuspid regurgitation with the Cardioband and FORMA systems and are encouraged by our clinical experience. These learnings are affording us valuable information as we evaluate our tricuspid launch strategy in Europe in 2018. We plan to provide more details on that at our investor conference in December. And while we remain encouraged by Cardioband's mitral clinical results and are on track to initiate the U.S. IDE trial, the commercial ramp in Europe is progressing slower than expected as it's taken longer to build a new dedicated clinical support team. Commercial sales this quarter were minimal, and we now expect sales to grow to $2 million to $3 million in the fourth quarter. We continue to believe that annular reduction provided by Cardioband can be an important first-line repair therapy for many mitral patients. We also have updates to report in our PASCAL transcatheter mitral valve program. We have begun enrollment in the CE Mark trial and expect to expand this trial into multiple centers over the remainder of the year. Additionally, we've just received approval to begin an early feasibility study in the U.S. We've resumed treating patients with our Edwards CardiAQ mitral valve replacement system delivered transseptally. As we gain clinical experience with this important therapy for patients who have few options, in parallel, we're applying our learnings to a more refined system and clinical protocol. Overall, while still early, we believe our aggressive investments in research and development are well placed in the emerging transcatheter, tricuspid and mitral fields and offer the potential to help more patients and drive future growth. We're pleased with the experience we're gaining, which is providing us valuable learnings, as we continue to refine our strategy. You can expect updates on our structural heart and TAVR programs from clinicians in the upcoming fall scientific meetings. Before we get into our financial results, I'd like to provide an update on two of our external investments. During the quarter, there was an interim review of the clinical data on the CardioKinetix Parachute device. While it showed promise in some heart failure patients, unfortunately, the trial was not likely to meet its primary endpoint and the company chose to stop the trial. As a result, we wrote off our investment this quarter. Separately, clinical enrollment remains on track in our Harpoon Medical minimally invasive chordal repair system. Edwards has an option to acquire this technology for $100 million, plus $150 million in potential future milestone payments, and we'll likely make a decision later this year. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Hey thanks, Mike. We continued this year's strong performance with sales in the quarter of $842 million, or $864 million including $22 million of net Germany destocking, which represents an underlying growth rate of 15%. Consistent with last quarter, our underlying sales and growth rates will continue to adjust for this impact. Our sales performance benefited from broad-based strong sales in each of our product lines and regions. We also benefited from meaningful FX rate changes since our April guidance. Adjusted earnings per share in the quarter grew 42% versus the prior year to $1.08. This earnings growth was driven by our sales performance and favorable income tax rate resulting from a larger than expected tax benefit from employee stock compensation. GAAP earnings per share of $0.86 includes a $31 million write-off of our investment in CardioKinetix. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release. I'll now cover the details behind our results, including guidance for the remainder of the year. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 74.9% compared to 73.3% in the same period last year. This increase was driven primarily by a more profitable product mix led by growing sales of TAVR. We continue to expect our full year gross profit rate, excluding special items, to be between 74% and 76%. Second quarter selling, general and administrative expenses increased 7% over the prior year to $244 million or 29% of sales. The increase was driven primarily by sales and marketing expenses related to transcatheter valves. The ratio of SG&A as a percentage of sales would have been 80 basis points lower, adjusting for the impact of Germany destocking sales. We continue to expect full year SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 28% and 29% of sales, as we increase SG&A spending in the second half of the year. Research and development investments in the quarter increased 19% over the prior year period to $134 million or 16% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter mitral, aortic and tricuspid valve programs including development expenses associated with Cardioband. As with the SG&A ratio, the R&D ratio would have been 40 basis points lower without the Germany destocking sales. We continue to expect our research and development investments, excluding special items, to be between 16% and 17% of sales for the full year as we increase R&D investments in the second half of the year, while enrollment and clinical trials increases. During the second quarter, we recorded $8 million in intellectual property litigation related expenses, which have been excluded from adjusted earnings per share consistent with our convention. These expenses related primarily to IP litigation in the U.S. and Europe. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 9.5% compared to 25.1% in the prior year period. This quarter's rate benefited from the new accounting for employee stock-based compensation. Without this benefit, earnings per share would have been $0.13 lower. As we mentioned at our investor conference, this accounting benefit will fluctuate in each reporting period, making period comparisons less consistent. Our benefit in the first half of 2017 has exceeded our estimate driven primarily by our higher stock price, which results in a higher tax deduction. We now expect our full year GAAP tax rate to be between 17% and 19%. Excluding the excess tax benefit and special items, our full year tax rate would be consistent with our prior guidance of 22% to 23%. Forecasting remains difficult, because stock option exercises and stock price are not predictable. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted second quarter sales by $10 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now estimate an approximate $20 million negative impact to full year 2017 sales versus the prior year. Our previous estimate was $50 million. Compared to our April guidance, foreign exchange rates had less than a $0.01 impact on earnings per share in the second quarter. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $140 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $198 million, less capital spending of $58 million. Our capital spending reflects investments we are making to increase valve manufacturing capacity. Given our strong operating performance in the first half of this year, we now expect our full year free cash flow to be between $625 million and $675 million. During the first half of 2017, we opportunistically repurchased 5.4 million shares for $511 million to more than offset dilution associated with our Valtech acquisition and stock-based incentive compensation. Average shares outstanding during the second quarter declined to 215.7 million. We have over $500 million for share repurchase available under our current authorization, and we continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for the year of 216 million to 218 million. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.1 billion, and total debt was $1 billion. Turning to our 2017 guidance. Given our strong start to the year, we are raising our full year sales estimate to be at the high end of our previous range of $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion. This higher estimate reflects the stronger than expected first half performance and a weaker U.S. dollar. We continue to expect our underlying growth rate to moderate in the second half. Our expectation is that hospitals in Germany fully utilize their stocking inventory by the end of the year, which result in no impact to full year results. Our full year guidance for transcatheter heart valve therapy sales is at the high end of $1.7 billion to $2 billion and for critical care, at the high end of $560 million to $600 million. We are raising our sales guidance for surgical heart valve therapy to be between $780 million and $810 million. Given our strong first half sales performance and favorable tax rate, we now expect our full year 2017 adjusted earnings per share to be between $3.65 and $3.85, up from $3.43 to $3.55. This includes increased SG&A and our research and development expenses in the second half of 2017. For the third quarter of 2017, our seasonally lowest quarter at current foreign exchange rates, we project underlying sales to be between $810 million and $850 million, and adjusted earnings per share to be between $0.80 and $0.90. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, Scott. As we reflect on our first half results, we're very pleased with the performance achieved across all our product lines and believe our future remains bright. Our innovative TAVR therapies continue to deliver value to patients. Our surgical heart valve and critical care product lines remain strong, as we invest in innovative products to strengthen our leadership positions. And our transcatheter mitral and tricuspid valve technologies continue to represent exciting opportunities for breakthrough therapies. Overall, we're confident that our valuable innovations will result in a continued strong outlook as we deliver important solutions for the patients that we serve. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Before we open up for questions, I encourage you to mark your calendars for Thursday, December 7, when we will be hosting our 2017 Investor Conference in New York. This event will include updates on our latest technologies as well as our outlook for 2018. More information will be available in the next couple of months. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue, and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks and congratulations on a really strong first half. My first question this afternoon is, I just wondered if I could get some clarifications on your comments on the pipeline. So regarding, Ultra and CENTERA outside the United States, are there any changes to the previous timelines that you've articulated? And then, on mitral replacement, I think your previous comments were that you hope to be commercial in 2019 and that you're screening patients. But I noticed you talked about a more refined system and more refined clinical protocol, so maybe if you could just give us a thorough update on mitral and Ultra and CENTERA. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, thanks a lot, Bob. Appreciate your comments. Yeah, actually the guidance on CENTERA and Ultra is unchanged. That's consistent with what we said before. So, Ultra will be launching later this year, and CENTERA will be launching actually late in the year, and so that really is no change. And we're optimistic about both of those platforms being really important and valuable to customers. On the marginal side rather than go through all our micro programs, maybe I'll just restrict my comments to the CardiAQ product line. As you correctly noted, we said last quarter to expect a 2019 launch. Nothing has changed in that regard. What we are pleased to announce is we actually began implants again. Remember we were very deliberate about this. We're doing implants again, which not only helps these patients that really don't have many options, but it also allows us to learn which is really important. And it helps us not only in the design of our product, but also in the selection of patients and the procedure itself and understanding anticoagulation protocol and a long list that becomes important for the long-term success of this therapy.
Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. That's very helpful. And then the second question, I just wanted to ask about the TAVR performance in Europe. You made some comments about growth in the market and then your growth and your share position. I was wondering if you could just provide any additional color on what you're seeing in Europe and you said you maybe lost a little bit of share in Europe. Just maybe a little more color there would be appreciated. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, Bob. You do a pretty good job of packing a lot into a couple of questions. Anyways, what we've tried to say is in the Europe that we estimated the market probably grew in the mid-teens, we grew less than that. And so actually that reflects a market share reduction versus a year ago. We also tried to suggest that there was really no market share change in 2017, so this really lapsed back to a period in time, when there was increased competitive activities. But we're very pleased with the way things are going overall in Europe.
Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on another good quarter. One financial for Scott, one big picture question for Mike. Scott, how much of the $0.26 EPS raise at the midpoint is due to the stock-based comp benefit, how much is operational, and should we use that 17% to 19% tax rate going forward? And then I have one follow-up for Mike.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So on 17% to 19%, that's the right estimate for the full year. And so if you average out the little bit lower 9% rate this quarter, it gets you a little bit higher rate for the back end of the year. In terms of the EPS, an increase for the rest of the year, it's about 60% operations, 40% excess tax benefit resulting from the stock-based compensation accounting change.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Scott, I meant beyond 2017 and while I'm on that for the  17% to 19%, that sounds like that's probably the best rate to use at this point. And then Mike, 2017 is shaping up to be another strong year obviously for Edwards. Given that the low risk indication isn't expected until probably late 2019, is there enough runway, any intermediate risk, in your pipeline to drive strong growth until you receive a low-risk indication? Nothing specific, but just directionally, how you're thinking about between now and the low-risk indication? Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So, Larry, I'll try to answer your question about tax rate. If there were no excess tax benefit, think about our baseline tax rate for now as low 20% range. It's really hard to estimate beyond that, what the impact's going to be on this excess tax benefit, because there are three elements that contribute to the calculation. One is the number of stock options that are exercised. Two is the strike price of those options that are exercised and the third one is our stock price. And so, to give you much color beyond just that baseline, tax rate reference really isn't possible at this point. We'll talk more about it at the investor conference, when we give guidance in December for 2018.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: And thanks, Larry. From a big picture perspective in TAVR, yeah, we enjoyed a terrific first half, that's for sure. We expect a really strong second half, although the growth rate is going to be lower, probably more consistent with what we originally thought. We're not prepared to give long-term guidance at this point, other than to remind you that we've said we believe this market is more than $5 billion and that we expect to be the leader going forward. If you just sort of play that out, Edwards would sustain a growth rate that would be somewhere in the teens, right, and it depends on the year, it's just exactly where it is, whether it's mid-teens or low teens. But no, we don't expect there to be a big drop. It will obviously change from quarter-to-quarter. We're always subject to volatilities, which I think you should be cautious of, but now, we feel good about our runway.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for talking my questions, guys.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, and good afternoon everybody. Just two product questions on my end. So, one, Mike, with CENTERA is what is the limiting factor beyond wanted to have a good initial experience from going from a trialing, kind of limited rollout to a broader rollout. When would you expect the broader rollout to occur? And then on the Cardioband MR commentary, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that it's taking longer to build out a support team. Could you just expand on that? That sounds a little surprising just given your wealth of experience on the TAVR side.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. And first of all, on CENTERA, there is nothing fundamental that's an obstacle there, Mike, that you need to be concerned about. We're going to go through the normal scale-up even though we have some outstanding results in the CE Mark trial. Again, it's hundreds of patients, and we want to execute this at a high level. We already have a heart valve in the marketplace by the name of SAPIEN 3 that's performing at an extraordinarily high level. And so, we don't feel the urgency that we have to rush CENTERA, and we're just going to be deliberate about it in terms of ramping it up. Our production ramp and our training is something that we'll do, we feel comfortable with, and so, no special news or limitations in that regard. On Cardioband, it's just a matter of us putting a dedicated team in place. We've made the decision that we are going to have a dedicated team and not trying to get leverage out of our transcatheter aortic valve team or our heart valve team, but have a dedicated team for this. We're building that right now. It's taken us a little bit longer than we like. So we're probably still building that during the second quarter and expect that to be effective and start to ramp up in the third and start hitting our stride here in the fourth quarter. So it has taken us longer than we like, but I think it's the matter of this development, and I think it's a little bit of what to expect here as we ramp some of these future therapies.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Then just one financial follow-up for Scott. So Scott, if I look at the first half of the year, your incremental operating margin was 50% on your sales. The guidance for the back half to the year implies a pretty good step-down from that type of drop-through. But can you just talk about where incremental spending might go in the second half of the year that would drive that?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, sure. So in the second half of the year, our expenses are actually going to grow probably two times the rate of sales growth, and it's really driven in research and development by continuing increases in clinical trials and timing on SG&A expenses and just building up SG&A to support some of these new initiatives that we've talked about in the transcatheter, mitral, and tricuspid areas.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much. Two market questions for you, Mike. The first is, I wonder if you could help us think about the U.S. picture in the second half relative to the first half. I think in the first half, Mike, you talked about faster center starts and less competitive impact in the U.S. How should we think about the ex-U.S. experience? Are we expecting competition to sort of heat back up, and how should we think about center adds in the second half? And I had a quick follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So a bunch of questions in there, David. Let me see if I can take it apart. We still think we're going to have a robust growing U.S. market. In terms of growth, yes, we think centers will continue to be added. We don't think there'll be anything unusual, probably consistent with past trends. From a competitive point of view, we expect that to intensify. Got to recall that we had a competitor that just got an intermediate risk approval recently. And so, we would expect that to have some kind of impact in the marketplace. And then, the other thing, and maybe the most important factor is remember, there was some pretty terrific growth in TAVR procedures in the U.S. during 2016, a pretty aggressive ramp. And some of that actually was the movement from surgery to TAVR. That sort of starts moderating to some extent in 2017, and so you wouldn't expect the same kind of growth from that driver in the back half that you saw in the front half.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks, Mike. And then just a similar question, but ex-U.S. I mean it's interesting. By our math, your ex-U.S. business actually had a momentum acceleration in the quarter, but yet you called out the expected share loss in the European market. So I wonder, is the bridge Japan, which didn't come up in the call so far. How is Japan going, and was that the source of sort of outperformance versus our estimates here in the second quarter? Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks. Japan is certainly a factor. I think what we said in our commentary is that those countries where TAVR is lightly penetrated really had accelerated growth and Japan is a perfect example of that, but it also was true in countries across Europe and even other countries in Asia. So yes, indeed the international growth is significant, not just in Europe, and yeah, even with the share loss, and some of that share loss is something that we fully anticipated and expect over time. Again it's not something that's happening to us so much in 2017, but historical in nature. We think we're able to put some pretty good growth numbers on the board and mostly attributable to the fact that adoption is still early in these. Japan for example is a place where we're probably still only treating high-risk patients. And so, we got quite a runway in front of us for us to be able to grow and that adoption there is still slower and it started later than in the big markets like Europe and the U.S.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, Mike. Thanks for taking the question. Can you hear me, okay?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Hear you great, Jason.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Super. Congrats on another great quarter. I wanted to stick with David's question on centers. And I guess more specifically, Mike, in 550 U.S. centers now, what changes if anything in your approach to new centers in the United States? And I guess, are you dealing with any different dynamics than you've been dealing with in the past as you go forward with center expansion? And maybe you could comment on any contemporary data you've collected or seen on length of stay as a contributing factor to new centers' ability to build programs?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, so big picture, yes, as TAVR has developed and matured, it's become apparent to centers that if you want to be a real player in treating patients with the aortic stenosis that you need to have a transcatheter heart valve program. So, you can imagine the incentive for hospitals to add programs. There are significant hurdles and there are payment hurdles that they have to overcome. So, we expect hospitals to continue to add that. What we saw that what  it's happened for a few quarters now, is these new centers that joined are having almost immediate impact on our growth rate. So, if you look at where the growth is coming from the U.S., there is a significant portion that it's not just coming from the big centers, although those are certainly growing, but the new centers that are added. And so, that's been interesting. And it helps you get a sense for just the learning curve associated with SAPIEN 3. It's a relatively short one. They're able to perform at a pretty high level. The other thing it probably says is that there is patients out there that are in their own networks. And so, as hospitals join, it's a chance for them actually to be treated. And even though there might have been a center not far from them, they might have never found their way to that center, if it wasn't added. And it's a bit of a signal here of what's in front of us here to make sure this therapy actually gets expanded.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: So that's  segue into the second part of that question. As you look at the second half of the year and into 2018, I know a question was asked about growth between now and the approval for a low risk in 2019. How much will you rely on new centers and efficiency gains, productivity gains at existing centers to achieve double-digit growth over the next sort of six quarters?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: We still think that the hospitals that are currently treaters are going to be the lion's share of the growth and that continues to expand. And I think you know from our past discussions that we feel like the treatment rate of patients with severe aortic stenosis and symptoms is still quite low. So, these hospitals can handle the volume and they're continuing to mature and they're continuing to develop their referral network and that's going to be the primary source of our growth. We've been pleased this is  I guess we were approved in the U.S. in 2011. So you can see how many years we're into it and still have a pretty heavy growth rate, and so, we feel comfortable that growth is going to stay significant into the foreseeable future.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with UBS. Please proceed.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking our questions. So I had a follow-up on mitral and tricuspid and then just one follow-up on  just last question on centers. So, Mike, if you could expand a little bit on you mentioned some of the learnings and you described earlier related to Cardioband, it may be pertaining to the duration of the procedure if that's part of what you're able to take away from those, and on mitral, the impact of this valve-in-valve label expansion for SAPIEN 3. And as I mentioned I have one follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay. So, well, a couple of things. First of all, on Cardioband, remember that there is a mitral program and we already have a CE Mark approval. So, we are expanding that and we're about to initiate the U.S. IDE trial. And then separately what we announced is that we completed enrollment of the CE Mark trial for Cardioband in the tricuspid position. And so when I talked about our learnings, part of what I was trying to share was that we've learned a lot about tricuspids over the recent past. And so not that we are not learning a lot on mitrals, but I was just calling that out as a fact. Between Cardioband and FORMA, we have now over 100 patients  we've treated nearly 100 patients that are suffering from tricuspid regurgitation. We have learned a lot and that's going to help us refine our strategy because we're thinking deeply about what we would launch in Europe in 2018 and I was more reflecting on that. The second part of the question?
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: On mitral valve-in-valve, SAPIEN 3?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Valve, there was valve-in-valve. Yeah. Yeah, this is an important point from a patient perspective. So, for patients, we don't see these patients very often, but they are in desperate need, and a transcatheter valve inside of a failing valve is very powerful for these patients and potentially lifesaving. In terms of what it does for our numbers, it's not very significant. It's actually a small part and when you consider the size of the transcatheter aortic valve business, it's not a meaningful driver of growth.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then the second on the centers and the progress that you've seen there. I guess a follow-up to this last question. Is there a seasonal cycle to these centers? It seems like this time last year, there was a lot of new centers starting up and then, the first half of this year, many of those centers are really contributing. So is there a seasonality to that, is there a size metric that you used to talk about the centers as being kind of on the smaller, newer size to add annual volumes or any color you can provide around that expansion.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks. I think I understand the question. When we talk about seasonality, we talk about the normal seasonality that affects all of Edwards business, particularly surgeries. We know for example, in the third quarter, this is a higher vacation season for a lot of our treaters and volume is low, and in the fourth quarter, we have holidays that affect us as well. But I'm not sure that we see an impact related to centers that are becoming new TAVR centers that there is a seasonal impact. There may be some level of that, but it's not one that we're prepared to call out. The thing that probably that's more meaningful is the impact of these new sites are having immediately because even though  and you'd have to acknowledge that most of the centers that are being added are smaller centers, they must have a captive patient population. And so, as they do join, we get an impact immediately in the TAVR procedures. So it probably speaks somewhat to the point that patients don't naturally flow across hospital systems, and it probably highlights the importance of that and why new centers are meaningful.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Isaac Ro with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thank you. Just hoping for a comment on the pricing backdrop. If I look at your comments regarding the share trend Europe and then compare that to margins, it looks like pricing has been very stable, but just that that in fact has been the case.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, we spoke to pricing from a couple of dimensions. One is, overall pricing ASP for the globe, we said that's very stable, and remember that has a product mix in it with probably higher pricing in places like Japan and the U.S. and lower in Europe. We said there is some impact on pricing, that's pretty minimal and I characterize it as low single digit, both in Europe and even lower in the U.S. related to volume discounting, but other than that, it's been quite a stable pricing picture.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And is it fair to say that you expect that pricing trend to remain stable into 2018, as the competitive dynamic evolves? And maybe separate from that, if you could just give us a sense on CENTERA. I'm interested in, whether or not you guys might give us a little more color on your U.S. strategy at the December analyst meeting or might that be more of a 2018 event? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. So, in terms of what we're going to do with our pricing going forward, yeah, we think pricing is going to be pretty solid. We really don't have anything to share, it's different. There is a pretty significant price premium that we're enjoying in Europe at this point, and if anything, it seems like it's growing, but it hasn't had a lot of impact on us at this point. And it certainly varies by country. We talk about CENTERA pricing, we haven't announced that yet. It's just likely to be a little different by country. It's a premium product and will be positioned that way. And in terms of the launch plan for CENTERA in the U.S., yeah, we'll probably have more to say about it at our investor conference. At this point, what we really want to do is to gain some more experience in the U.S.  I mean in Europe with the CENTERA system to help and form that strategy.
Isaac Ro - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure, Isaac.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, I have two questions, one on mitral, one tricuspid. On mitral, it looks like mitral could go in, will post around $500 million more white sale this year. And I was just wondering, how in your mind does PASCAL stack up to that product?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: We ask ourselves the same questions, Bruce. It's pretty early at this point. We've got very limited number of implants. We're optimistic about it. We get nice feedback from our clinicians. They're clearly excited about it, but it's too early to say really how competitive it is.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then on tricuspid, we count a lot of patients in the U.S. You seem excited about the opportunity, part's Cardioband, part's FORMA. Could you just convey the basis for your excitement and why Cardioband perhaps might do better in the tricuspid application?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, we're fortunate to have a portfolio in the tricuspid position that includes more than one therapy. And it's too early for us to declare one of the therapies better than the others. What we've learned is that, it is a real opportunity that patients just don't have many options. And so, physicians are enthusiastic to be able to have something to help patients. What's not clear in the tricuspid position is whether we can have any long-term lasting impact, but we believe certainly that we're hearing about an improvement in their quality of life that comes pretty rapidly. So, there is still lots of questions, Bruce, for us to answer, but we get encouraged by clinicians to persist on this. And we're glad to be able to gain experience at this point, so that we could sort through what is our sort of lead play in Europe in 2018 and we would probably have more to say about that at the investor conference.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. Mike, the strength in the heart valve therapy business this quarter was nice to see. I know you guys do have some easy comps because of what happened on the mitral side last year, but it also sounds like INTUITY was a big factor and maybe exceeding our expectations. Can you just quantify that at all for us either in terms of the percentage of sales or procedures INTUITY represents today or maybe how the non-INTUITY piece of the business is doing?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. So we were clearly pleased with what was happening. In terms of the recovery, that was probably more than half of the total growth came from the recovery of mitral position, but INTUITY was a real contributor, probably added two points of growth to the product line in the quarter.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, how you're thinking about the launch dynamics around SAPIEN Ultra? Is your expectation an Ultra replaces SAPIEN 3 the same way we saw SAPIEN 3 replaced XT or are you guys going to try and position a little differently?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. We think that ultimately  I shouldn't have used the choice of words that Ultra will replace SAPIEN 3. We think it will be a next-generation platform and that our customers will prefer and that they will all migrate in that direction.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI: Hey, guys. Congratulations on the nice quarter here. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, maybe on the TAVR guidance, I know you've raised it to 20% to 25% for the year. I'm just curious, does it now assume your TAVR business is growing in line with the market rate of growth? Or if not, I'm just curious as to the reasoning.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. No, I think that's not bad. That's probably pretty consistent with the growth of the market. We think that the competitive dynamic is going to increase in the back half of the year. So for example, we have mentioned that a competitor has intermediate risk. So we might grow slightly slower than the growth of the U.S. market. But in the first half of the year, we probably have been very consistent with the market and in the back half, maybe been slightly slower.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI: Thanks. And then maybe one follow-up for Scott. In Cardioband, I know, originally when you guys gave the guidance, we had sort of expected $10 million to $15 million contribution on the revenues and $0.10 of dilution. I mean, just given how that business has trended, are we to assume the dilution, the impact would be higher? Can you just give us some color, Scott?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. We think that the revenues are going to come in below the $10 million to $15 million than we thought originally for the year. And as a result, the dilution may be a little bit more. We feel pretty positive about the ramp, that by the time we get to Q4, we're expecting low single digits, $2 million or $3 million in revenue and over time, this should make positive contributions and work out of the dilutive position that is in here in the initial quarters.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore ISI: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Good evening, gentlemen. Thanks a lot. I was hoping to ask on the international TAVR franchise in Europe specifically. With the TAVR, worldwide TAVR guidance bump, was the expectation for Europe's share to be stable throughout the year as it experience in the first half and is there any incremental competitive challenge from Symetis being over Boston Scientific's roof and in their sales force's hands in your view?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Josh. I think I heard you. You're coming through a little bit muffled, but right now, we don't expect much change in terms of the competitive dynamics in Europe in the second half of the year. Of course, we have a lot of respect for Boston, but we haven't modeled that there is a big change in terms of what the Symetis performance will be in the second half.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. And then just on the U.S. TAVR performance in Q2, were there any one-timers, either headwinds or tailwinds, either on clinical revenues or cap programs ending by from competitors? Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay. I'm not sure I understood. Can you say that one more time Vijay, or Josh, I'm sorry.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: No problem. In the 2Q performance in U.S. TAVR, were there any one-timers, either tailwinds or headwinds? I know some of the things we were thinking about where on clinical revenue with a low risk trial pace picking up where some of your competitors' cap programs I believe ended, Boston Scientific's, I think Medtronic's ended prior to the end of 2Q?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Clinical revenues weren't, I think, a big contributor. I think the kind of things we already talked about, the fact that the new centers contributed to growth. We probably didn't feel much competitive impact in the second quarter not as much as we anticipated. We think that will probably step up. International growth is probably a little bit better. But the other one that I always like to remind us of is just how difficult it is to predict this business precisely. With 550 hospitals and a TAVR device costing about $30,000, if you do one more or one less procedure in the quarter, that's a $16.5 million swing. So, just a reminder that we try and dial this in pretty closely, but it's difficult sometime to predict.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hello. Hi. Good afternoon, guys. My first question, Mike, U.S. market, U.S. TAVR market, very strong once again, and all our channel checks suggests that we're finally starting to see the pull-through on the intermediate risk patient population. So, my question, Mike, is, is there any way you can quantify how the intermediate risk indication is impacting U.S. volumes? Thanks. And then I had a follow-up on CardiAQ.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. A few things. One is, we think that the intermediate risk indication is going to be probably a slow developing trend, that it's going to take time for practice to really change over time. We think there was some encouragement to switch from surgery to TAVR, and we saw sort of some pretty good movement from surgery to TAVR during 2016. But I think that growth rate has slowed down in our minds in 2017. So, I think we're probably back on sort of this change ramp, if you will, of how long it takes for therapy change to really become part of practice. And that's why we think frankly TAVR growth is going to continue for some time to come.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. So, in other words, most of the implants that you saw in 2Q, you believe were extreme risk and high risk and still not a lot of impact from intermediate risk. Is that fair?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: I don't know if that's fair. We've tried to move away from this purely a risk conversation because as we know age is a significant factor as well. So there is probably a lot of elderly patients that might even been characterized as intermediate risk that join that, but I think more and more, there is an acknowledgment that it's not just purely risk and we caution you not to just rely on that as a single factor.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then just my follow-up on CardiAQ. Mike, you said earlier in the call that you're back to implanting patients. Are you implanting patients in your CE Mark trial or are these patients you're implanting in the U.S. feasibility study? And the reason I'm asking is obviously the CE Mark trial is key to getting the CardiAQ valve on the market in 2019. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. And I think primarily, we're enrolling here right now where we started here with our EFS trial in the U.S. The CE Mark depends on some roll-in patients, and so ultimately, we expect that to pick up momentum, but that we're not trying to signal that that's off and running yet.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And the EU trial, you do assume it does start enrolling at some point later this year?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: I would think so. I think really the benchmark we put out there is that we'd like to think that we get this valve CE Marked by 2019 and so, we're on a path we think to do that.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my questions. I think on the first quarter call, I asked you about gross margins because they had stepped up really nicely, and then they did so again in the second quarter. Before we all start modeling this as a go-forward rate, could you please give us an idea of, is this really a go-forward rate and how much of the benefit year-over-year came from things like FX versus mix, versus maybe something else?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So yeah, in the second quarter for the first time in a while, FX had a negligible impact versus last year and really the THV growth was reflected in most of that 160 basis point improvement. It might have been about 10 basis points from mix. The other thing that's I think changed from years past is we had very little impact from investment in operations in the second quarter. Now, we do expect that that will ramp up a little bit in the second half, but most of the gross margin improvement you saw was due to THV mix. Again, just in terms of going forward, the modeling assumption that we've been recommending is somewhere in the mid 70% range, call it 75%, which is right in the middle of this year's gross profit range. And we'll talk about how that may change as we continue to gain experience, making these investments in valve capacity around the world and continue to see how these new products come to market, what kind of gross margin performance they deliver as well.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. And as a follow-up, you raised your free cash flow guidance for 2017, which is really nice, but what do you plan on doing with all the cash? Thank you.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So, our first call on cash is just to invest in internal R&D platforms. But when we get down to actual free cash flow, really we're going to look at continuing to fund external investments and look into things like investing in minority positions in earlier stage companies, making acquisitions as well, though you shouldn't expect that we're going to be doing any bet the ranch transformational kinds of acquisitions. After that, we really look to share repurchase as the means of delivering capital back to shareholders, and I think we feel good about our long-term performance including recently on being opportunistic about buying back stock in the open market. And so, this higher cash flow isn't exactly a can of corn, but we feel pretty good about being able to generate good cash off of the income statement this year, and we're going to be very disciplined in making sure we're deploying it intelligently.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Gillings with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I just want to get some additional color on the Ultra system. Given the on-balloon design, the attributes of the Axela sheath and with more TAVR devices coming and outcomes in TAVR generally being pretty good, could you just help us understand how these things will impact the user experience, as that may become more important to physicians' decisions going forward? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks. We do think the Ultra will improve the physician experience. I think it should lend itself to a simpler procedure as we take stems out. It mistake-proofs it, allows it to be faster, so real improvements there. And then we'd like to think ultimately that leads to good patient results as well. Right?
John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just as a quick follow-up to that, stroke rates are obviously already extremely low but there has been a recent FDA approval for cerebral protection device, so there is still some interest there. Would any of the attributes of the Axela sheath potentially reduce debris or is that already so low that that's not really on the radar screen right now?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. This is not really important factor in our mind. We think the sheath is primarily about vascular complication, is not a serious contributor to stroke. And in terms of embolic protection, I think we're already on the record saying that we're not sure that embolic protection really makes SAPIEN 3's performance improve. The matter of fact, even the data that was generated in that earlier trial did not demonstrate that to be true, so we have trouble thinking that there is going to be much impact.
John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC: All right. Thanks, guys, and congrats on the quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Suraj Kalia with Northland Securities. Please proceed.
Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Congrats on the quarter. So Mike, two questions. First of all most, I heard in your prepared remarks you talk about CardiAQ that these patients had few options. I guess what I'm trying to understand, Mike, is are you honing in on a subset of the patients, MR 4 plus (61:47), failed MitraClip, or just curious about your commentary about these patients having few options.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I think we would acknowledge at this point that these patients are at high risk. In many cases physicians consider them non-operable. If they had other good choices for them, they would use conventional therapies. So you'd almost argue that we're in a compassionate group of patients at this point and that's where we started to try and have  really to help the patients that are in greatest need. Is that clear? Yeah.
Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.: That's fair enough.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks.
Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.: And Mike, the second one, in terms of your Cardioband mitral team, what specific skill sets are you looking for this dedicated Cardioband team and was this sort of decided upfront, when you all acquired Cardioband? I'm just trying to understand what changed on the ground that now you all feel. You know what, it's better to have a 50 men or 20 men sales team, just for Cardioband. Thank you for taking my questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. It's a small team. I think Cardioband had a contract to team, we've got a dedicated Edwards team that we're putting in place. These are clinical specialists that are in the procedures. They actually do training, they do proctoring, they actually try and help these clinicians in these very early procedures get outstanding clinical outcomes. And so, it's not big hiring, because we're in targeted countries at this point, but we think that the potential for this procedure is and the opportunity is significant enough that we wanted a focused and dedicated team that could grow with the procedure.
Operator: Thank you. I'd now like to hand the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay. Well, thanks very much to all of you for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you David.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying sales and growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6858 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13665308. Let me repeat those numbers, dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and the conference number is 13665308. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp. Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp. Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.
Analysts: Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Matthew Miksic - UBS Securities LLC Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Vijay Kumar - Evercore Group LLC Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc. John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences' First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, David Erickson, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please begin.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our first quarter 2017 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to financial guidance and current expectations for new product approvals, clinical and regulatory milestones, reimbursement and competitive matters, as well as trends in therapy adoption and foreign currency movements. These statements speak only as of the date in which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and adjusted, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. And now, I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, David. We're pleased to report strong first quarter results, which continued the trend of exceptional growth for Edwards at both the top and bottom lines. In the quarter, we are also pleased with our progress on key R&D milestones as we pursue innovative solutions for the patients we serve. Robust demand for TAVR therapy resulted in strong total sales growth of 19% on an underlying basis. It also excludes a net estimated $62 million of Germany stocking sales. Customers in Germany elected to purchase additional inventory of SAPIEN 3 in anticipation of a potential supply interruption resulting from recent intellectual property litigation in that country. Independent of the Germany stocking sales, we delivered results above our expectations which reflected strength in all three of our product lines across all regions. In transcatheter heart valves, adjusted global sales, excluding the Germany stocking sales, were $477 million, up 32% on an underlying basis over the prior year. Growth was led by continued strong therapy adoption across all geographies. Globally, our average selling prices remained stable. In the U.S., Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy sales for the quarter were $299 million, representing 39% growth on an underlying basis versus the prior year. Therapy adoption this quarter was strong with continued increases in procedures across more than 500 hospitals. This trend continues to be driven by the extraordinary performance of SAPIEN 3 and the growing body of evidence that supports excellent patient outcomes and faster recovery. Growth was broadly distributed across established high implanting centers as well as more recently added hospitals. We believe overall U.S. procedure growth this quarter was consistent with our growth. Outside the U.S. excluding the impact of the Germany stocking sales, the underlying growth rate was 21%. We continue to be encouraged by the strong international adoption of TAVR, particularly where overall therapy penetration is still very low. In Europe, Edwards' underlying unit growth in the first quarter was in line with the overall procedure growth which we estimate was in the mid-teens compared to last year. Consistent with previous quarters, growth in European countries with lower TAVR adoption rates continued to outpace countries where the therapy is more established. In the quarter, our business in France recovered faster than expected following our reduced shipments late last year. We estimate that newer competitors continue to represent approximately mid-teens percentage of total procedures in Europe. We believe our results reflected little benefit from a competitor's product recall during the quarter and that others are likely to be the primary beneficiaries. In the UK, we're very pleased to see that the reimbursement authority, NICE, proposed draft treatment guidelines recommending TAVR for a broader group of patients. These recommendations are expected to be considered and finalized later this year. Following the introduction of SAPIEN 3 in Japan, we continued to see strong TAVR therapy adoption with more than 100 sites now performing procedures and new centers being qualified. We believe that most of the treatment in Japan today is centered on patients at high surgical risk. Turning to our near term product pipeline, we continue to expect our new ultra system including an on-balloon delivery system and next-generation sheath technology will be available in Europe in the second half of 2017. Clinical trial results on our CENTERA system will be presented at EuroPCR next month and we expect to launch later this year. After a slow start last year, enrollment is increasing in our PARTNER III low-risk trial and our goal is to have this randomized trial fully enrolled around year-end. We're currently engaged in the contracting process on our EARLY-TAVR trial and the first patients are being screened. This groundbreaking trial is the first of its kind to study severe aortic stenosis patients without diagnosed symptoms, and therefore it's difficult to estimate enrollment timing. Turning to patent litigation. In the quarter, the German courts ruled that both Edwards and Boston Scientific infringed each other's patents, and each company has the ability to assert an injunction although neither has done so. As a reminder, they initiated litigation that now involves multiple patents in multiple countries, which is likely to yield numerous court actions over an extended period of time. Our guidance anticipates no disruption to the supply of SAPEIN 3 valves to patients. In summary, as a result of the strong start to 2017, we now expect full year THV sales to be at the high end of our previously estimated 15% to 20% underlying growth rate. This full year guidance excludes the impact of the Germany stocking sales. Turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, sales for the first quarter of $200 million was up about 3% on an underlying basis compared to last year. This was driven by strong demand of our EDWARDS INTUITY Elite valve system and the supply recovery in mitral valve sales partially offset by the continuing shift from our surgical aortic values to SAPIEN 3. Globally, our average selling price was flat. We're really very pleased with the stronger-than-expected adoption in the quarter of our INTUITY value system in the U.S. This higher value offering is offsetting the TAVR impact on our surgical valve portfolio. We remain disciplined in our pricing strategy and are optimistic about this innovative platform and its ability to help even more patients. A recent study published in the Journal of Comparative Effectiveness Research compared the economic outcomes of INTUITY Elite valve system versus conventional full sternotomy aortic valve replacements. They found that INTUITY procedures had a lower overall length of stay, cross-clamp time and OR time which resulted in a lower cost. The analysis also showed lower instances of 30-day mortality, stroke and re-operation all of which are very encouraging signs. In our surgical micro valves, sales growth was enhanced by the now largely completed recovery from the supply interruption we experienced in mid-2016 and we remain on track to begin launching our INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve in Europe and Japan later this year. In summary, as a result of the strong first-quarter results in surgical heart valves, we now expect sales to be at the high end of our previously estimated underlying sales growth rate of 1% to 3%. In the Critical Care product group, sales for the quarter were $145 million and grew at nearly a 9% underlying growth rate. Strong performance was driven by double-digit growth in our Enhanced Surgical Recovery Program, growth across all product categories and a first quarter lift from an approximate $5 million U.S. bulk order. Our next-generation advanced monitoring platform, HemoSphere, just recently received U.S. regulatory clearance. A global commercial rollout of this platform will be commencing in the second half of the year. This all-in-one system will provide greater clarity on a patient's hemodynamic status to enable clinicians to make timely, potentially lifesaving decisions. HemoSphere is modular in design and we plan to add Enhanced Surgical Recovery capabilities in the future. And later this year, we plan to begin launching our Acumen HPI software suite with our new FloTrac IQ Smart Disposable. This is a low blood pressure or hypotension probability indicator to warn physicians in advance of this dangerous condition. We plan a full launch in the U.S. and Europe in 2018. In summary, as a result of our strong first-quarter results in Critical Care, we now expect full-year sales to be at the high end of our previously estimated underlying sales growth rate of 5% to 7%. We continue to be encouraged by the opportunity to treat mitral and tricuspid patients with transcatheter therapies that have seen good momentum toward key strategic milestones during the first quarter. During the quarter, we acquired Valtech. And while it had minimal sales impact, we're pleased with the physician interest in our Cardioband transcatheter mitral valve repair device and believe that transcatheter repair of the annulus will be an important option for many patients. We are actively engaged in the integration, including building our European field team, simplifying the patient selection protocol and scaling up manufacturing. We are also engaging in product enhancements to improve procedure time and simplicity. And we remain on track in the CE Mark clinical trial using this technology to treat tricuspid patients. Additionally, we're pleased with the early progress being made treating patients with our FORMA tricuspid therapy. While our experience is early, we continue to receive significant interest from patients in solutions for isolated tricuspid regurgitation. We expect updates on these programs to be discussed at EuroPCR next month. We're receiving significant positive feedback from clinicians on our PASCAL transcatheter system, a therapy we believe is suitable for a large underserved group of patients only partially addressed by transcatheter mitral repair therapy today. We continue to anticipate CE Mark enrollment to commence this year and expect an update on the early clinical outcomes in compassionate cases to be presented at EuroPCR next month. As you know, we paused clinical enrollment in our trials with the Edwards CardiAQ valve for additional testing, which we completed during the first quarter and have resumed patient screening. In parallel, we completed an in-depth analysis of the patients treated to-date in the program, including a review of patient selection, risk profile and outcomes. Working closely with our clinician partners, we have incorporated those learnings into our patient selection process and future product enhancements. Based on our current plans, we now expect a CE mark and commercial availability of a more refined system in 2019. We continue to believe CardiAQ with transseptal delivery is a very promising therapy for resolving patients' mitral regurgitation. In summary, we've seen greater momentum across our emerging portfolio of mitral and tricuspid repair therapies and are very focused on the clinical development of each program. During the quarter, we gained valuable experience through treating more than 50 patients with our repair therapies. Based on our current progress and expected timelines, we believe that our transcatheter repair therapies offer the potential to address patient needs and generate sales earlier than transcatheter replacement therapy. Overall, while still early, we believe our aggressive investments in research and development are well placed and offer the potential to help more patients and drive future growth. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, Mike. We got off to a strong start for the year with sales of $884 million, or $822 million excluding $62 million of net Germany stocking sales. This represents an underlying growth rate of 19%. Our underlying sales and growth rates will continue to exclude this impact. Adjusted earnings per share in the quarter, which also excluded the impact of Germany stocking, was $0.94, which reflects 32% growth over the last year period. GAAP earnings per share was $1.06. This earnings growth benefited from broad based strong performance in each of our product lines and regions. I'll now cover the details behind our results, including guidance for the remainder of the year. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 75.6% compared to 74.1% in the same period last year. This increase was driven primarily by a more profitable product mix led by growing sales of transcatheter valves, partially offset by the impact from foreign exchange. Germany stocking sales also provided a modest benefit to our gross profit margin. We continue to expect our full year gross profit rate excluding special items to be between 74% and 76%. First quarter selling, general and administrative expenses increased 8% over the prior year to $230 million or 26% of sales. The increase was driven primarily by sales and marketing expenses relating to transcatheter valves. The ratio of SG&A as a percentage of sales would have been about 200 basis points higher consistent with our guidance if you excluded the benefit of Germany stocking sales. We continue to expect full year SG&A excluding special items to be between 28% and 29% of sales. Research and development investments in the quarter increased 26% over the prior year period to $129 million or 14.6% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter aortic and mitral valve programs including the recent acquisition of Valtech and several small purchases of transcatheter valve intellectual property that were expensed as in-process research and development. As with the selling, general and administrative expense ratio, the research and development ratio would've been approximately 100 basis points higher without the Germany stocking sales. We continue to expect our R&D investments, excluding special items, to be between 16% and 17% of sales for the full-year. During the first quarter, we recorded $10 million in intellectual property litigation-related expenses, which have been excluded from adjusted earnings per share consistent with our convention. These expenses related primarily to intellectual property litigation in the U.S. and Europe. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 21.6%, a small decline from 22% in the prior-year period. This quarter's rate benefited over 300 basis points consistent with our forecast from the new accounting for employee stock-based compensation partially offset by increases associated with country income mix. This accounting benefit will fluctuate in each reporting period making period comparisons less consistent. We now expect our full-year tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 22% and 23%. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted first quarter sales by $6 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, we now estimate an approximate $50 million negative impact to full-year 2017 sales compared to the prior year. This is less than the impact we estimated at our December investor conference, so at current rates our sales from outside the U.S. would make a bigger contribution than we forecasted back in December. Compared to our February guidance, foreign exchange rates had less than a $0.01 impact on earnings per share in the first quarter. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $112 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $128 million, less capital spending of $16 million. During the quarter, we repurchased 4.6 million shares for $437 million to help offset dilution associated with our Valtech acquisition and stock-based incentive compensation. Average shares outstanding during the quarter declined to 216 million. We have over $500 million for share repurchase available our current authorization and we continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for the year of $216 million to $218 million. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $918 million, a reduction from last quarter reflecting our acquisition of Valtech and other repurchases. Total debt was about $850 million. Turning to our 2017 guidance. Given our strong start to the year, we are narrowing our full-year sales guidance to $3.2 billion to $3.4 billion from $3.0 billion to $3.4 billion. This $100 million midpoint raise includes an improvement from foreign exchange. This guidance excludes the impact of Germany stocking sales. Our sales guidance for each product line remains unchanged, albeit we now expect sales to be higher in the guidance ranges we provided at our conference. Our range for Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy is $1.7 billion to $2 billion; for Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, $750 million to $790 million; and for critical care, $560 million to $600 million. With a strong first quarter behind us, we now expect our full-year 2017 adjusted earnings per share to be between $3.43 and $3.55. For the second quarter 2017, at current foreign exchange rates we project underlying sales to be between $810 million and $850 million and adjusted earnings per share to be between $0.82 and $0.92 excluding the impact of Germany stocking sales. And finally for full year 2017, we continue to expect free cash flow excluding special items to be in the range of $575 million to $650 million. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, our strong start to 2017 bolsters our confidence in our focused innovation strategy. We believe there are abundant opportunities within our areas of focus to provide meaningful innovations for patients and drive significant organic growth. Our foundation of leadership, coupled with our robust product pipeline, positions us well for continued long-term success and greater shareholder value. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, Mike. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. And thank you, our first question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on a strong quarter. Mike, let me start with the intermediate risk ramp in the U.S. and then I have one follow up on CENTERA. So Q1 is the second full quarter for the intermediate risk approval. Can you talk about how the roll out is going relative to your expectations? And I know ACC was just last month, but have you noticed any early impact from that SURTAVI data? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. It's  as you know, when you start talking about risk profiles it's always difficult to characterize. Overall, we're very pleased with the quarter. It was a little better than our expectations, several things broke our way. I do think there was a positive impact of the SURTAVI trial. Whenever we see these continued positive outcomes in a robust clinical study like that, I think it does help the overall awareness and therapy adoptions. But for us, we have some positive things break for us in several smaller areas across the quarter.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's helpful. And then, I wanted to ask about CENTERA since we're going to see the CE Mark data at PCR next month. Mike, big picture, how are you thinking about CENTERA? And you've talked about the data during  the last few months, you talked positively about what your expectations are for the clinical data, but I think investors want to see you commit to bringing that product to the U.S. to give them confidence that you're confident in the long-term outlook for that product. So could you give us a little bit more color on how you are thinking about CENTERA? Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. As I indicated, we continue to expect the CE Mark and to launch this later this year, so that tells you a little bit about how we feel about it. We're looking forward to having that data presented at EuroPCR, and that'll be 30-day data across the European experience. And what we've seen so far, we're excited about it. We think it has a chance of being a best-in-class, self-expanding TAVR platform. Now having said that, we haven't yet made a decision about the U.S. SAPIEN 3 has been so successful that we really have focused our efforts on indication expansion with the existing device and think that that's more valuable than bringing a second platform right now. But we'll keep you tuned in as this develops.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. Mike, let me just follow-up quickly on CENTERA, Larry's question. The data is going to be at PCR that you said will launch later this year, is the launch at PCR or are we really talking sometime later in the year to get any benefit?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: No, we're really talking later in the year and I think most likely fourth quarter.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And what's the gating factor there, manufacturing rent?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: No, the CE Mark itself. We're going to use this data to feed the CE Mark and there's just a lot to do in that regard.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, got it. As you're aware, Mike, there's been a lot of angst in the last couple of quarters about the ups and downs in the U.S. TAVR market, and every time we kind of remind people that this isn't a straight line. Can you just talk a little bit about what you saw this quarter that might have been incrementally different if at all from the prior two quarters? And then talk about the pace at which you continue to introduce TAVR to some of those centers that are further down the curve that don't have it. You highlighted again today that you're over 500 centers now in the U.S. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. So let's just start from the top. This has been difficult for us to estimate and especially with a high degree of precision. I'll just remind you, if a valve is approximately $30,000 and there's 500 hospitals, if each hospital had one more or one less procedure per quarter, that's a $15 million swing. So I told you about the difficulty in nailing this and so here we are with 500 centers in the U.S. So what broke our way were several small things. Foreign exchange helped us, probably it was more than $3 million, we probably had a little faster recovery in France than we anticipated. As you indicated, the new hospitals in the U.S. actually ramped up a little faster than we thought. We saw this broad base and we used to see almost all of the growth come from the big centers, but the new centers are clearly adding value. That's going to probably increase slowly over time. And then, we probably didn't see the competitive impact yet. We probably will expect to see it later in the year, but we just didn't feel it in the quarter the way we expected to.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, Mike. I just have one last question. There's been a real interesting change in kind of the long-term dynamic of the TAVR market over the last few months. Your direct flow went out of business, Symetis is getting acquired by Boston. And so you really have, I think in the beginning, what looks like to be a little bit more concentrated market, particularly as we look out in Europe over the next several years. Have your thoughts on what it plays out with pricing over the next few years in Europe changed at all?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: You know, we've always believed that this was more of a heart valve market than a stent market. I know people like to draw the analogy to coronary stents. We saw our pricing in heart valves stay pretty stable, and we think this is likely  although it's highly competitive, this is a big burden on a company to be excellent in Transcatheter Heart Valves and we're going to do everything we can that continue to advance the state-of-the-art such that it's not easy for new players or small players to engage. So now it's price playing out pretty close to what we thought, we expect it to be more competitive over time, but it's not unexpected.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please, proceed.
Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. I appreciate you taking the question and congrats on a great start to the year. First, just a quick one for Scott. On the earnings guidance for the year, the increase that you guys talked about, I just want to confirm that excludes Germany. And can you just talk about besides the increase and a more conviction on revenue growth, were there any other drivers of the uptick in EPS besides just strong revenue growth?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So to your first question, Bob, yes, it excludes any impact from stocking activity in Germany. And in terms of EPS, it really largely reflects the strong start to the first quarter. And so that's most of the driver to increasing the range of earnings guidance for the year.
Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Yeah, I just wanted to make sure there wasn't anything else in there that we should be aware of. And then for Mike, I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about U.S. TAVR, both from the perspective of this quarter, were there any kind of common themes driving these strong results on, say, better awareness on intermediate risk? So maybe just a little bit more color on the U.S. TAVR number this particular quarter. And then on the pipeline for U.S. TAVR, I realize  I heard your comments on CENTERA, do you plan on bringing Ultra to the U.S.? And if you don't want to talk about that, maybe just when you're going to provide a little more color on the U.S. pipeline? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. So overall, the U.S.  we didn't really get surprised by any of the trends that we see. We're not sure that there was much difference. The year-over-year share growth  or market growth or procedure growth continued to be strong. We thought it was similar to our own growth levels so that tells you you've just got a fast-growing market. Whether that was stimulated by the SURTAVI results, I don't know, but it's continued to be strong. We look at things sequentially. We sometimes look at procedures per day, and that's had a continued march north and continually improve. But really, nothing unusual. Pricing very stable, clinical sales were not unusual, and I'm not sure the share position's really changed very much as well. In terms of the pipeline in the U.S., yes, we would intend to bring Ultra to the U.S. We probably intend to bring that in 2018. We haven't laid out any specifics, but you should expect that.
Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Terrific. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks, Mike, for taking the question and I echo everyone else, congrats on a great start to the year. Sticking first with U.S. TAVR, and then I want to follow up on mitral, Mike, if I could. You mentioned that enrollment in the low-risk trial is accelerating, you expect to have it fully enrolled by the end of the year. Could you talk about the contribution from enrollment in that trial in the first quarter feeding into the clinical sales that you did? And also perhaps talk about  however you look at penetration of the market, whether it be relative to the number of hospitals you're in or relative to the indications that you currently are on label for getting reimbursed for, sort of juxtaposed to the number of procedures you think the market is doing, just where you are  and I know with low-risk it expands it quite a little bit, but where you are today would be helpful.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So as I mentioned, we got a slow start last year on enrolling that low-risk trial PARTNER III. We didn't have  although we picked up and then the ramp has picked up, it was still less than $5 million in the quarter. And not really much different than a year previous, so it wasn't really a contributor to our growth, if you will. We said that we're hopeful that we'll get this enrolled by year-end. So we  it counts on the fact that we're going to continue to get a pick-up in those rates, but this is a big trial and we're continuing to track it.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. And then anything on the penetration side of the question, just the total market opportunity?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. You know our feelings about this. We said that there  in our view in the U.S., there are 650,000 patients with severe aortic stenosis and symptoms. and that our treatment rate is under 20%, so we think we have a very long way to go. We're just at the front end of this. And there's lot of obstacles, a lot of issues for us to overcome and that's our challenge, but that's also our opportunity to drive growth over a long term.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Understood. On the mitral side, Mike, you gave us some good detail about your pipeline and the product portfolio, and what you expect in terms of clinical outcomes? Has anything changed in your mind with respect to contribution to the revenue model this year from your mitral portfolio? And then you mentioned CardioAQ launch here, hoping for a CE Mark now in 2019 with a refined device. Is that a transseptal delivery? Just a clarification there would be helpful.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. We're going to need to let other people have a chance here, too.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Sure.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So first of all in terms of this year, we've only owned this  this is our first quarter owning it and it's too soon for us to update any estimates about what the contribution of Cardioband would be in 2017. More broadly, we've got a lot of progress that we feel good about. But probably not a lot of sales contribution in 2017 and 2018 from the overall portfolio. In terms of CardiAQ, yes, our intention and we believe that a transseptal device will be important for these patients, and that's what we're putting all of our energy into. Of course, we may have a transapical delivery system as well, but we think that ideally for these patients to be treated it would be transseptal. And that's what I was referring to when I said that we would hope to have a CE Mark and a launch in 2019.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks. I'll get back in line. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please proceed.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. Mike, I also had a couple of questions on the transcatheter mitral program. First, can you talk a little more about what you learned during your analysis of the CardiAQ data and what changes you think need to made to that product?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, sure. So first of all, there is just a lot of learning. We think it's a really promising therapy. This kind of pause probably shouldn't be unexpected at this early stage. The fact of the matter is, it's a really large valve system, it's in a high-pressure environment and these patients generally have very sick ventricles. So as we gain experience, we've really thought about, we'd need to probably bring a more refined valve system that's likely to have the potential to have an improved safety profile when we bring it. And so there's been a lot of thought about refining the patient selection criteria as well. So we're really trying to bring an improved system when we bring it.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. That's helpful. And then second, I thought your comments on repair versus replacement were interesting and really highlight the advantage of the diversified approach you guys have taken to that market. I know you have a foot in both camps. Can you just elaborate on what's driving your thinking that repair solutions may be ready for primetime first? And you guys actually have a number of different devices, anything right now that you see as a front runner in terms of early contribution?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Right now I'm not sure that I would call out a frontrunner. We'll have more clarity on that as time goes on, but we've been pleased with the current progress. We're hitting our timelines, we're having favorable conversations with regulators and feel like there's momentum. I mentioned that we had more than 50 patients with our repair therapies that we had experienced with this quarter. It appears to us that even though they may not be perfectly efficacious that the safety profile associated with these repair technologies is quite good, and that's an encouraging factor and probably the reason that they're likely to have an earlier impact than the replacement technologies.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, just a quick clarification and one question for me. On Cardioband, it was kind of an immaterial revenue driver frankly to 2017, but you're still comfortable at the $15 million to $20 million or $10 million to $15, the guidance that you've provided in December, does that number still stand or are we incrementally less comfortable with that number?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: No, it still stands. It really was almost a negligible contribution in the first quarter, but it's too soon for us to really offer up a view on how good to feel about the $10 million to $15 million. We'll let you know here when we get one more quarter under our belt.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Very clear. And then Mike, just you were asked some questions on pricing in the TAVR competitive environment. If we just take the ex-U.S. market for a second and move away from price and think about share, obviously Boston is both  has had some difficulties with the LOTUS Valve System they've acquired from Symetis valve systems. The net effect you think of those moves in the 2017, 2018 timeframe, how do you think that changes the European share landscape in either certain specific countries like Germany over the balance of the year? Does it get sort of net out (39:26) pretty even or is a potential share opportunity for Edwards or potential opportunity for share degradation?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, thanks. What we modeled at the start of the year is that we would probably grow in Europe at a slower rate than the market so we thought that we would cede some market share. There wasn't to one particular valve system, just broadly to an aggressive set of competitors. We know there is a big difference between competitor's pricing and our pricing, often it can be more than 20% for that matter. So although consolidation might be helpful in the long term, in the near term it's not very clear. One of the things that I wanted to  that we mentioned on our prepared remarks is that we didn't feel like we benefited from the exit of Boston. And a matter of fact, it's more likely that others would be a beneficiary of it. And I think in particular, we think that when we speculate on this that the customers there could often be price sensitive and that they might more likely have something that fit inside their budget that comes from one of our competitors.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So just talking about pretty neutral share implications for you based on these recent moves for Europe relative to your prior expectations.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: I think it's fair. We still have models that we could have some mild decline, that's what's in our guidance.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with UBS. Please proceed.
Matthew Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking our questions. I'll ask two quick ones if I could, try to help you get through the list. So the first just on the trends in the U.S., you're entering the second quarter. I know you don't give second quarter guidance by geography, but given the difficulty and setting expectations before we get ahead of ourselves hereof, it was a very strong and impressive Q1. I just wanted to get a sense, if you could maybe tick off a few things that we might consider as you put together U.S. numbers, ups and downs, things that might impact the second quarter? And then I have one follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, I mean, we're pleased with the momentum coming out of Q1. I think in general we've seen a modest increase each quarter in sort of the procedures per day or the procedures per billing day so we expect that to incline, to increase. We know that Easter occurs in the second quarter, didn't occur in the first quarter. So that could be a factor that affects second quarter. But other than that, I really can't put my finger on anything unusual.
Matthew Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Share loss maybe? I mean, you said you didn't see in the first quarter share impact from competitive U.S. products.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. No, I think, that's right. That's a good point, Matt. The same thing that we sort of said about Europe, we also assumed about the U.S., is that we would have sales growth. That's probably slightly below the procedure growth across the overall market, and so we thought we would lose some share in the U.S. and that didn't happened much in the first quarter. That's probably more likely to happen in the rest of the year.
Matthew Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Then just one on product that we hear a lot of good things about from clinicians, or at least a lot of anticipation around the Ultra delivery system. You talked about bringing that to Europe. Can you talk at all about your plans potentially for the U.S.?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. You know what, we weren't really prepared to discuss that on this call. I think in general it's very likely that we're going to launch it in 2018, but I can't give you more specifics than that, Matt.
Matthew Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: That's great. Thank you for the color.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good afternoon. Wonder if I could just may be ask you about your comments around the U.S. marketing, your expectation for you to continue to grow along with the market. And I'm curious because we saw the core valve data a month or so ago, and while they did meet their endpoint of non-inferiority, they still shared a relatively high pacemaker rate and one could argue that the SAPIEN 3 data is still sort of best-in-class out there. And so with that as a context, I guess I'm curious why you wouldn't be perhaps more supportive of the idea that you might be able to take share or at least continue to hold a very strong position in this market going forward?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, you could imagine we're competitive and we believe in SAPIEN 3 and we believe that it's the best product out there and so that's we represent every day. We're also trying to be realistic. We have a very strong share position and we wouldn't be surprised as, for example, as Medtronic launches these larger sizes for them to have some impact.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Okay, that's fair. And maybe just one clarification on the stocking in Germany, you mentioned you're excluding it from revenue but as we go forward in the next couple of quarters, do you anticipate we'll still see additional stocking revenue in the second quarter? And then as we move to the year, will those stocking sales sort of get consumed in the marketplace? And how do we really  how should we expect you to be reporting these numbers?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, thanks. It's going to be a challenge. So the response was varied across the customer base. There's about 80 TAVR centers in Germany and some bought more than others. Our guess is that most of the increase or all of the increase probably already occurred and that there's more likely to be some kind of net decline or net usage as time goes forward. And you saw that Scott's comments that what we're modeling here, that's likely or it's reasonable to assume that it's washed out by the end of the year, but it's very difficult for us to estimate how that's going to flow. What you're going to see from us though is a report of underlying growth that takes that out. And so we're going to try and eliminate the impact of those stocking orders so that you can see more or less what same-store sales looks like.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: It sounds like it's going to be fun. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, just a quick question on the U.S. market and then one for Scott. Just looking at the cadence of product sales ex-royalties for the market last year, first quarter was 308 (46:08), last quarter was something like 377 (46:10). Should we be thinking about just the law of large numbers in the U.S. where the first quarter was relatively easy compared, progressively got harder over the year or so, thinking about what sort of growth rate. The first quarter is 40% procedure growth in the U.S., should we be thinking about 30% across the year? And is the growth still as it was namely recruitment of people who just really wanted treated before, or rather is cannibalization of surgery becoming a very big part of the growth?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So yeah, there are several questions buried in there. So overall, we expect there to be an increase in the usage. So in other words, if we were to reduce it to how many cases are done per day, we think it would go up quarter-after-quarter throughout the year. Now as you correctly noted, last year this extraordinary growth rate that we enjoyed, the comparisons are going to get much tougher. So the actual growth rate that we reported in the U.S. for the out quarters is going to come down significantly from where it is. But that's all in our guidance. We feel very comfortable that we're going to have a strong year, that it's a growing market and that's very consistent with our long-term expectations.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: I'll just add to that, Bruce, it's Scott, that longer-term we expect this global market to be $5-plus billion. And if you just do the compounded math on that, it gets you to a mid-teens underlying growth rate over time. The sequential growth rate quarter-to-quarter may jump around a fair bit as we've seen historically based upon seasonality and other factors just relating to therapy adoption.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And so, Scott, my final question is just, they were stocking this quarter you excluded. And as you work off that stocking, are you going to adjust the reported number upward to account for kind of the destocking of the original stocking?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So we'll show every quarter what the adjusted sales are, which looks through the stocking and the destocking. We'll also obviously show the GAAP results. And the way we're calculating this is really going center-by-center, tabulating with the help of our field sales personnel what the order trends are and making some assumptions and decisions around inventory turns and how much of this consumption is related to new orders and how much of it is related to destocking. But we're going to break out both numbers and be very transparent about how we arrived at the tallies.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Mike, despite LOTUS coming, being posed to the market in Europe, you saw it really wouldn't impact your business and you would still grow slightly below European market rates, but I believe you're still launching CENTERA and that we're going to see that data next month at PCR. So maybe talk about your plans for CENTERA. And I thought that that would be a product that you can launch into a Boston or Medtronic account and be able to take some shares. So maybe can you help us think about how CENTERA, the strategy behind the launch and what that could do to your European share over time? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks for that, Glenn. As I try to indicate, it's probably a Q4 launch and frankly in our guidance there's not a lot of impact from CENTERA. It's going to be  it'll be newly launched in 2017 even though we're optimistic about it. We're going to be very thoughtful about that. We're still working out, what we're going to price CENTERA at, and that probably will be an important factor and sort of nailing down our launch plan. So I don't have a lot of specifics but I can say that we don't have a big bump in the numbers for CENTERA as we stand today.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. But as we think about going into 2018, does the share, which you're now assuming you'll lose, can share actually pick up a bit from a modeling point of view for 2018 with this valve in the marketplace for you?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: I think we're going to be in better position to address questions like that after we see the data from EuroPCR.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. I'll see you in Paris next month. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good evening and thank you for taking the question. When the third quarter was reported, everyone expected a much stronger U.S. number, they were disappointed. Fourth quarter, also somewhat disappointed. And now the first quarter is, yay. How do we think about what may have made the first quarter a yay, and how much of this continues, or should we just sort of be trying to think about quarterly variations and not to get too caught up in any particular quarterly number?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: I hate to say this but I think it's more of the latter, Joanne, that we didn't think that the third quarter was so bad or the fourth quarter was so bad, they're actually pretty impressive growth rates. We were very pleased with what was going on in the U.S. and we continue to be pleased in the first quarter. Again, on the margin, a few little things that might have helped in the first quarter, but overall, very much within what you would expect as a natural variability. I shared that statistic about just one valve a quarter in each center can swing it $15 million in terms of our results. So sometimes I think we can be prone to sort of trying to explain trends too much when some of it can be just specific to some  to a given quarter or even a given month. So I think we need to be a little cautious on trying to read too much into any given quarter. We try and look at the long-term trends and we're obviously in this for the long run.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And then leveraging from that, the gross margin obviously benefited from the higher TAVR sales. Can we pull apart that margin number to think about each of the individual components to help us in modeling going forward? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I mean, we feel good about the gross margin. And as we indicated, one of the things that lift it is the growing TAVR sales. Because TAVR grows faster than the rest of the portfolio, that should have a favorable impact. Now having said that, we're going to be launching hopefully some transcatheter mitral products over time, and those aren't necessarily going to be very attractive from a cost perspective early on. So it's tough to read too much into it long-term. Overall, I think it's a favorable story but it's tough to be precise about.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vijay Kumar with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, guys. Congratulations on the nice quarter here. Maybe one  first one for Mike, and I have one follow-up on the guidance. Mike, I think you made some comments on the UK NICE recommendations, right? Is it possible we could have the UK market actually expanding and if some of these changes actually happen?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. A matter of fact, when we refer to countries that are growing at a faster growth rate, the UK is one of those that's growing faster than the rest of Europe. Now again, their penetration rate in terms of treatment historically has been lower than other countries, but it's really started to pick up some momentum. So yeah, we are seeing that.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore Group LLC: Great. And then just maybe one quick one on the guidance. I just want to make sure, for the guidance increase, that does not assume any benefit from the Boston LOTUS recall, right? And then I think you mentioned something about FX improving, just could you quantify how much was the FX benefit? Thank you.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So yeah, it assumes nothing relating to Boston. In terms of the FX benefit, we had a little bit of a tailwind in Q1 and we're expecting that just round numbers, instead of an $80 million headwind to sales that we expected over 2017 back at our investor conference, we're now thinking it may be in the neighborhood of $50 million. Obviously, the currency markets have been moving around a lot. Euro has strengthened, yen has weakened so we'll update that number as time goes on. But it would probably be less of a headwind in terms of sales than we originally anticipated. For earnings per share, no real impact because we've got this foreign exchange hedging program in place that insulates our EPS, at least for the course of 2017.
Vijay Kumar - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Suraj Kalia with Northland Securities. Please proceed.
Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.: Good afternoon, everyone. Congrats on the quarter. So Mike, specifically, you all mentioned the 500 centers in the U.S. Mike, the rough math that I have done indicates sequentially procedures per day in the U.S. and in Europe took a step up. When you look at  I guess, can you give us some idea, Mike, how you're all looking at new center adds as the year progresses, any contribution? I know you all mentioned in the past stocking per center. And the reason I ask is, if I exclude the stocking also from Germany, even OUS, procedures per day jumped up pretty nicely, any color would be great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. This is something we watch on a long-term basis and we feel like procedures per day has been routinely increasing throughout the course of the past several years. Just to talk a little bit more specifically about U.S. TAVR centers, we mentioned there's more than 500. We probably added more than 10 in Q1. We expect that number of centers to slowly increase. As a matter of fact, we've been kind of surprised that there's been an addition of these newly qualifying centers. So there is obviously a driving force and they've come up pretty fast and started to contribute to procedure growth. So it's been meaningful.
Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Gillings with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC: Just wanted to hit quickly on early TAVR. I know it's a little further out, but you mentioned you are starting to screen some patients there. I'm wondering if you can give us just some color on how difficult it is to find patients for this.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: We still have to learn about that. As I mentioned, this is a groundbreaking trial, really first of its kind. And even though we're studying severe aortic stenosis patients, these are patients without diagnosed symptoms so it's really tough for us to estimate what enrollment is going to be like. We know that some centers already have patients that they've identified, but it's not clear how prevalent that is and how it's going to go. So we're going to learn a lot. We're also going to learn something, that when somebody gets enrolled in the trial, do they drop out? Once they go on the treadmill do they actually demonstrate symptoms which would make them TAVR candidates, but they would step out of the trial, and all that. So it's going to be a steep learning curve for us and we find it difficult to predict.
John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. And then as a follow-up, you mentioned the potential for people to step out whether it's being put into PARTNER III or something else, and you mentioned it's very early days. But are you getting any buzz from the sales force? Is this something that doctors are thinking about? Are they starting to say hey, you know what, maybe we should put more people on the treadmill. Just any comments there would be great.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I think it's still too new. I wouldn't say that we got any benefit, for example, in Q1. So the screening is just now taking place. The key unknown is that treadmill is in the guidance but we know that there's many physicians that are cautious about putting a patient on a treadmill. So again, we're going to learn a lot about the practice of medicine and at this point, we just don't have much insight. But again, if the question was really, did we already get the benefit from that, the answer is no.
John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC: Yeah, makes sense. Thanks a lot guys and congrats on the quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor with Barclays. Please proceed.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks. I just want to clarify, I was curious to get some feedback on the dynamic in Germany. You talked about not assuming any disruption in your guidance, but both parties having the ability to enjoying them. I was wondering, did your customers go for all the stocking, were they worried about what had happened in the past with an injunction and I guess why you're not assuming any kind of disruption going forward?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, yeah, I mean, you're right that these customers have been impacted by injunctions of one sort or another in the past so they have that. This was a response by the customers. I mean, they made the choice to buy this additional product to make sure that they had an uninterrupted supply of SAPIEN 3 and we took that as a compliment. We're very pleased that was done without any special discounts or anything to benefit it. It's tough for us to predict exactly how the dynamics are going to go in Germany, as you know it's not all our decisions, some of it depends on the other party. So I really don't have much else to add.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And probably the most encouraging thing here was just the uptick in the underlying U.S. utilization, and we talked about this a lot on the call. It seems like it's hard to pin down one thing, but what were the main factors that you think helped that to improve a little bit sequentially?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, I think the biggest thing for us is just the continued uptick in procedures per day. We got a little bit of lift, the same (01:00:50) from the new centers that were added. We probably would've expected that we would have been impacted by competition more and it didn't really come in the first quarter. That's probably going to come later on. So those are maybe, some of the key contributing factors.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for your continued interest in Edwards and all of your favorable comments. Scott, David and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying sales and growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations Section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13658919. I'll repeat all of those numbers. 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and the conference number is 13658919. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations Section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. And you may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp. Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp. Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.
Analysts: David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co. Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to David K. Erickson, Vice President-Investor Relations. Thank you. Please begin.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our fourth quarter 2016 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance and current expectations for new product approvals and clinical, regulatory, reimbursement and competitive matters, as well as trends in therapy adoption and foreign currency movements. These statements speak only as of the date in which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and adjusted, we're referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. And now, I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, David. We're pleased to report strong fourth quarter results, which contributed to another successful year for Edwards, as we strengthened our financial performance and product leadership across our portfolio. Robust demand for TAVR therapy continued through the end of the year and better than we forecasted at our December 2016 Investor Conference. We ended the quarter with total sales of $768 million, an increase of 15% on an underlying basis, and finished the year strong with global sales of nearly $3 billion, representing an underlying annual growth rate of 19%. And I'm proud to report we invested aggressively to bring new medical technologies to more patients and drive future growth. In Transcatheter Heart Valves, global sales were $432 million, up 32% on an underlying basis over the prior year. Growth was led by continued strong adoption across all geographies with notable strength in the U.S. and Japan. Globally, average selling prices were stable. In the U.S., Transcatheter Heart Valves sales for the quarter were $267 million and grew 41% on an underlying basis versus the prior year. Once again, overall performance was strong with procedures growing broadly across more than 500 hospitals in both large and small TAVR programs. The growth continues to be driven by the extraordinary patient outcomes with SAPIEN 3 reported from the PARTNER II trial earlier in 2016. Outside the U.S., underlying THV sales grew 19%. We continue to be encouraged by the strong global adoption of TAVR therapy, particularly outside of Europe, where overall therapy penetration is still very low. In Europe, consistent with previous quarters, growth in countries with lower TAVR adoption continued to outpace countries where therapy is more established. We estimate total TAVR procedure growth in Europe was approximately 15% in the fourth quarter compared to last year. Our growth rate was lower, as anticipated, due to the impact of lower sales in France. As a remainder, we significantly reduced shipments in the third and fourth quarter, while we were negotiating a resolution to the French policy that effectively limited the number of TAVR procedures in 2016. Although the policy was adjusted and we resumed shipments, we estimate fourth quarter sales would have been about $10 million higher absent this interruption. Turning to our near-term product pipeline, we continue to expect that our new Ultra system, featuring an on-balloon delivery system and next-generation sheath technology, will be launched in Europe in the second half of 2017. And we remain on track to receive a CE Mark for our CENTERA system in the second half of 2017. As we discussed at our Investor Conference in December, we continue to believe the global TAVR opportunity will exceed $5 billion by 2021 for patients with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis. We believe the prevalence of this disease is large, generating an even greater need for TAVR therapy. Additionally, we believe TAVR will benefit the many patients suffering from severe AS, who have not yet been diagnosed with symptoms as well as moderate AS patient populations, representing an opportunity for continued growth beyond 2021. We are continuing to enroll our PARTNER III low-risk trial with the goal to have this randomized trial fully enrolled this year. As we announced today, we received FDA approval for EARLY-TAVR, our groundbreaking trial that will study patients diagnosed with severe AS who have not yet developed symptoms. Approximately 1,000 patients across 65 centers will be randomized to receive either transfemoral SAPIEN 3 or clinical surveillance. We're beginning the contracting process with hospitals and expect them to begin enrolling later this year. In summary, while we exited 2016 higher than we forecasted in December, our 2017 THV sales guidance remains unchanged and we expect to achieve 15% to 20% underlying growth. As expected, this represents a slower THV growth rate compared to 2016 and is consistent with our estimate of more than $5 billion TAVR opportunity by 2021. Turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, sales for the fourth quarter were $189 million and were down about 4% compared to last year, driven by lower aortic valve sales in the U.S. and Europe. Surgical Heart Valve sales were lower primarily due to the impact of SAPIEN 3 and the continued constrained mitral supply. Globally, our average selling prices were slightly higher due to the growth of our advanced EDWARDS INTUITY Elite valve system. Looking forward, we believe the launches of our new surgical therapies will offset the TAVR impact in 2017. This includes our EDWARDS INTUITY Elite valve system which is launched in multiple geographies globally and is currently expanding to additional commercial centers in the U.S. with growing momentum. We also plan to launch our INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve in Europe and the U.S. later this year. This is a first of a newly created class of resilient heart valves that incorporates the advanced RESILIA tissue. This valve leverages features of the trusted PERIMOUNT family and includes the proprietary VFit technology, which is designed for potential future valve-in-valve procedures. We believe INSPIRIS addresses the specific needs of active patients and those who would have previously received a mechanical valve. In summary, Surgical Heart Valve results were below expectations in 2016. However, we believe the introduction of our next-generation platforms to lift overall underlying sales growth to 1% to 3% in 2017. In the Critical Care product group, sales for the quarter were $146 million and grew 3% on an underlying basis. Our growth was driven by our Enhanced Surgical Recovery Program in the U.S. and developing markets. As we announced at our Investor Conference, during the quarter, we received a CE Mark for our next-generation advanced monitoring platform, HemoSphere. This all-in-one system will provide greater clarity on a patient's hemodynamic status to enable clinicians to make timely, potentially lifesaving decisions. We anticipate a U.S. regulatory clearance later this year, and a commercial rollout of the base platform. HemoSphere is modular in design and we will later add Enhanced Surgical Recovery capabilities in the future. And, we remain on track for a 2017 European launch of our Acumen HPI software suite with our new FloTrac IQ Smart Disposable. This is a first of a kind hypotension or low blood pressure probability indicator during monitoring. In 2017, we continue to expect our Critical Care underlying sales growth to be between 5% and 7%. Now, for an update on several of our new transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies. Last week, we were pleased to announce that we completed the acquisition of Valtech Cardio, the developer of the Cardioband System for transcatheter repair of mitral and tricuspid valves. We're in the process of welcoming and integrating this talented team to Edwards. Our 2017 financial guidance provided at our Investor Conference in December included the expected financial impact of this transaction, which Scott will discuss in a few minutes. As a reminder, the mitral application of Cardioband has received a CE Mark in Europe and we're building a European field organization to begin training heart teams to perform this therapy. Additionally, prior to close, Valtech received a conditional approval to begin an IDE trial of Cardioband in the U.S. We're now assessing the trial design and expect enrollment to begin later this year. The Cardioband System for tricuspid regurgitation is in a CE Mark trial, which we expect to be fully enrolled in 2017. In the Edwards CardiAQ program for transcatheter mitral replacement, we are focused on transseptal delivery. As we indicated during the Investor Conference, we're implementing key clinical learnings sequentially from our U.S. early feasibility study. Consistent with this approach, we recently paused enrollment in our clinical trials to perform further design validation testing on a feature of our valve. If we see positive results from the test, we expect to resume clinical trial enrollment in the second quarter. This pause also postpones the start of our CE Mark trial. We continue to gain early clinical experience with our PASCAL transcatheter mitral repair system in compassionate cases. We're also gaining experience with Edwards FORMA, our spacer for treatment of tricuspid regurgitation, and are developing a larger spacer that would enable treatment of a broader group of patients. You can expect further updates from clinicians on these new structural heart programs at upcoming major medical meetings. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, Mike. As Mike mentioned, we're pleased to report that with our strong finish to the year, we exceeded our revenue and earnings targets for 2016. For the full year, adjusted earnings per share grew 25% to $2.89. Sales increased 18.5% on an underlying basis to nearly $3 billion. In the fourth quarter, another strong sales performance in transcatheter valves drove significant top and bottom line growth versus the prior year. Underlying sales grew 15% and adjusted earnings per share grew 17% to $0.75. GAAP earnings per share was $0.73, which includes our customary adjustments for intellectual property litigation expenses and amortization of intangibles. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release. On January 23, we closed the acquisition of Valtech Cardio. Under the terms of the merger agreement, we delivered approximately $270 million in stock and $70 million in cash at closing. In addition, there is the potential for up to $350 million in pre-specified contingent payments over the next 10 years. Periodic accounting adjustments to these payments will be highlighted in future financial results. The financial guidance we provided at our Investor Conference in December incorporated the expected impact of the transaction in 2017. And now, I'll cover the details of our results, and then share guidance for 2017. For the fourth quarter, our gross profit margin was 72.2% compared to 73.8% in the same period of 2015. This expected decrease was driven by a reduced year-over-year benefit from our foreign exchange hedge contracts and manufacturing expenses associated with capacity expansion. These decreases were partially offset by a more profitable product mix. We continue to expect our gross profit margin, excluding special items, to strengthen in 2017 to between 74% and 76%, driven by an improved product mix and the expected impact of foreign exchange. Turning to selling, general and administrative expenses, fourth quarter expenses were $234 million or 30.4% of sales compared to $222 million in the prior year. This increase was driven by sales and personnel related expenses, primarily in transcatheter valves, partially offset by the suspension of the medical device excise tax. We continue to expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 28% and 29% of sales for the full year 2017. Research and development investments in the quarter grew 17% to $115 million or 15% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter aortic and mitral valve programs, including spending on clinical trials. For the full year 2017, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 16% and 17%. Our reported tax rate for the fourth quarter was 20.9%, up from 15.7% in the prior year, which benefited from the renewal of the federal research and development tax credit. For the full year 2016, our tax rate was 22.8%. Starting in 2017, our tax rate will reflect the new accounting standard for employee stock-based compensation and this forecasted impact is included in our guidance. This accounting benefit will fluctuate in each reporting period, making period comparisons less consistent. We intend to highlight the impact each period if material. We continue to expect our full-year 2017 tax rate, including the estimated impact of this accounting change, to be between 23% and 24%. Foreign exchange rates positively impacted fourth quarter sales versus prior year by approximately $1 million. Compared to our October guidance, foreign exchange rates positively impacted earnings per share by $0.01. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was $138 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $201 million, less capital expenses of $63 million. For the full year 2016, free cash flow was $528 million. We continue to expect full year 2017 free cash flow to be between $575 million and $650 million. Turning to our balance sheet, during the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately 2.7 million shares for $246 million to help offset dilution associated with our Valtech acquisition. Average shares outstanding during the quarter were 218 million and we continue to expect our full year 2017 shares outstanding to be between 216 million and 218 million. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.3 billion. Total debt was $822 million, an increase reflecting our fourth quarter share repurchases. And now turning to 2017 guidance, we are reiterating all of our 2017 ranges. For Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, we expect sales of $1.7 billion to $2 billion, including $10 million to $15 million of estimated Cardioband sales to be reported as part of THVT. For Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, we expect sales of $750 million to $790 million. And for Critical Care, we expect sales of $560 million to $600 million. For total Edwards, we expect sales of $3 billion to $3.4 billion. For full year 2017 adjusted earnings per share, we expect to be between $3.30 and $3.45. Turning to the first quarter of 2017, we project total sales to be between $760 million and $800 million, and adjusted earnings per share of $0.79 to $0.89. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, we're very pleased to achieve strong financial performance and significant progress on transformational new therapies across our businesses in 2016 and expect continued growth and progress in 2017. We are enthusiastic about the continued expansion of catheter-based therapies for the many structural heart patients in need, which positions us well for the long-term. We believe our patient-focused innovation strategy can transform care and bring value to both healthcare systems and shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, Mike. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. And thank you. Our first question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Mike, just a quick question for you on TAVR, and then maybe a follow-up on the clinical data. Just, I guess, investors are going to be very focused on sort of U.S. and ex-U.S. TAVR performance in this quarter. So I wonder if you can give us a sense in the U.S., how you think you've fared on share relative to a competitors' launch of a larger valve size? And in the international market, if we sort of adjust for France, it sort of seems that your ex-U.S. business has been pretty stable from a growth perspective in the back half of 2016, is that how you see it? So, two questions there, and a quick follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay. Thanks, David. Yeah, in the U.S., I think we would broadly say that share positions compared to the last couple of quarters have been pretty flat. I think we had a share gain versus the prior year, but they probably have been pretty comparable here over the recent past. If you go to Europe, I think your assessment is correct that if you take the French situation out, market shares once again were pretty stable. Overall, sort of the new competitors are accounting for something in the mid-teens of market share, so not a lot moved other than France.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, Mike, just clinically, one of the big messages from the Analyst Day in December was the market development activities you have to engage in to get these younger less sick patients than intermediate risk. You've given that commentary at the Analyst Day, can you talk to us about the EARLY-TAVR program and why you're confident that's going to be a big commercial success given these are sort of asymptomatic patients relative to the market development things you discussed at the Analyst Day in intermediate risk? Thanks. I'll join back in queue.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, yeah, thanks, David. They're both really important. So, market development is probably more near-term and more important. As we indicated at the Investor Conference, we're penetrated maybe at the  our estimate was the 18% level and that that needed a move to something like to 30% level by 2021. So, for us to make sure that we're doing our work to properly make sure that physicians and patients have the best information is really important and we're focused on that. We're building that organization and we're building that capabilities. But separate from that and you know we're long-run guys, we're engaged in wanting to study this group of patients that have not yet demonstrated symptoms. We're firm believers that people with severe aortic stenosis are really at risk and we're prepared to do the clinical study to test that. We won't get our results for a while, of course, but we think it could be very meaningful once you get out into the future, probably beyond 2021.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: Hi, thanks. So, two questions, first, just a follow-up on that last comment. Mike, I want to get your opinion on something on EARLY-TAVR. Given these patients have to undergo a stress test, what percentage of the patients do you think might move from asymptomatic to symptomatic post this stress test as you enroll this trial? Trying to get a sense for could awareness in this trial actually help the symptomatic portion of the market well before the asymptomatics gets approved?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Bob. Yeah, that's a really good point and a good question. Frankly, we don't know a lot about this group of patients. We're really looking forward to learning much more about it. So, the real answer to your question is unknown. There are number of physicians we talked to that speculate that although the patients have previously been diagnosed with no symptoms that once they're on a treadmill, they might indeed have symptoms, which would mean that they would be candidates for the therapy in the near-term to either maybe if they're in intermediate risk to be treated commercially or if they're at low-risk to potentially go into the PARTNER III trial.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: So, the follow-up, to stick to TAVR, maybe you could talk just a little bit more about the fourth quarter U.S. market dynamics. I mean, I think your sequential revenue was only up $7 million, maybe just talk a little bit about, more about what you're seeing, any surprises in the quarter, just would like a little bit more color on what happened in Q4 in the U.S.?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, thanks, Bob. I can't say there were any real surprises. It was pretty much as we expected. I will tell you the very end of the year finished stronger than we anticipated would. We did an estimate at the time of the Investor Conference never being too sure how it's going to turn out around the holiday period, and it  that turned out stronger than we thought. But other than that, I thought it went very much as we anticipated.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. Good afternoon, gentlemen. So, let me just follow-up on TAVR first and then I wanted to switch over to mitral, if I can. So, France cost you $10 million this quarter. If you didn't have that $10 million headwind, your TAVR franchise would have grown 32% year-over-year. So, the questions there are, number one, do you recapture that $10 million in the first quarter, will that headwind go away? And then second, given the kind of global growth you're seeing, is 15% to 20% the right range for 2017?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yes. So, that share that we lost are those that $10 million probably went completely to Medtronic. Of course, our intention is to try and win those customers back, that's the goal of that, but hard for us to estimate if we can get that all back and how soon that might happen, that certainly will be our intention. But we  that's in front of us to do. They actually switched over into some core valve cases during that period. So, we've got some work to do. Second question, Michael, tell me again what your question was about our growth rate?
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. So, if you adjust for France, you grew 32%, even including France, you grew 29% and so is 15% to 20% the right range? And then while I have you here, Mike, I want to do this, give us a little bit more on CardiAQ. Could you just kind of spell out for us a little bit better kind of what's going on and what the issue may or may not be?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. So, yeah, we think the 15% to 20% is right on. When we put that estimate in place at the time of Investor Conference, there wasn't a lot that we learned since that time, so we think that that is a good estimate and we would encourage you to think about that as you think about our growth rates. In terms of CardiAQ, I'll just refer you back to what we said. We said that we are engaged in this and we've been going through this process where we tried to very thoughtfully make sure that we learned from all of our clinical experiences. And we saw something that we decided we wanted to  and this is again totally voluntary, go back and take a look at. And so, we're running some internal tests associated with that to make sure that we feel comfortable moving forward. We're doing this in complete cooperation with our clinical investigators. The teams continues to be very positive, but it's just a step that we're going to go through. It's a bit of a signal of just how early this therapy is. We're still on our pretty steep learning curve across the board, we're seeing the learn in every case not only something about our device, we learn something about the procedure, something about imaging, and something about anticoagulation, and we're trying to apply all those learnings as we go.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Just a few from me, all on Europe actually. So Mike, is it safe to assume that the CE Mark for CardiAQ in 2018 will get pushed out? France, can you talk about why it was $10 million this quarter and $5 million last quarter, and the outlook for France in 2017? And just lastly, Mike, the Cardioband roll out in Europe, could you give us a little bit more color on how that's going, and how you're going to get to $10 million to $15 million in sales in 2017? Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay. Let me try and walk you through it, Larry, and if I miss something, we'll come back to it. We were not saying that the CE Mark is off for 2018, it's still possible for us to get that. We'll keep you informed of all the developments. We're just pausing enrollment. And that's not really unexpected for something at this early stage and transformative. Your second question about how we're going to perform in France, we would hope that we would do well. France is a growing market and we would hope to regain some, if not all, of that share during 2017. So, to your question of why was Q3 different than Q4, during Q3, people were still working off inventories and in Q4 they felt the full brunt of the effect. And so, I think it's just that simple. Finally, your question was about Cardioband, we're early in this process. This only closed  what, a week ago. And so we're putting together a separate field organization in Europe, that's a combination of the team from Valtech and Edwards and we're getting ready to take the field. So, I don't have much more to report at this point, but we'll keep you posted, and each quarter we'll share with you our progress on sales.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brooks West with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to circle back to the Ultra launch and the CENTERA, I guess, CE Mark. I'm assuming that would also launch in the second half of 2017. Should we look for those devices to have an impact on your revenue, or how should we think about that?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, yeah, we're very proud of those products. We think they are both going to be very well received by our customers. They're mostly going to  the Ultra product is particularly going to help the physicians and those heart teams do even better procedures. They're in our guidance, Brooks, so I wouldn't say that there is any upside beyond what's in our guidance. The CENTERA system, again, is in our guidance. We're excited about that. We think it has the opportunity to be best-in-class among self-expanding stents.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And then, Mike, I wanted to circle back to France and I apologize, I'm just confused on the  how this kind of happened. I thought you guys had talked about France as a potential headwind in Q2. It seems like you were a little bit surprised by the impact in Q3 and then we're seeing a more full impact in Q4. So  and I thought I remembered that you had kind of renegotiated with the French government and you were able to get a little bit more volume in Q4. Am I thinking about that correctly or can you just give us a little bit more detail on kind of how that proceeded throughout the year? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. Let me try and we can talk about it. Yeah, I think we saw the potential there in Q2. In Q3, we realized that it was a serious situation and we discontinued our shipments at that time. And I think we told you at that time that it was going to have impacts in both Q3 and Q4. I think the Q4 impact probably turned out to be a little larger than we thought. So even though we reached resolution during the fourth quarter, it turned out a little larger than we thought, but that's kind of the way that it played out. Is that clear?
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co.: I think so. I might follow back up with you offline.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co.: I appreciate the comments, Mike. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good afternoon, Mike. Thanks for taking the question. My first question is, we, as you do, believe there's a large prevalent (33:20) pool of untreated mainly elderly patients, and you referred to your kind of business development efforts for building that referral chain, and you're building an organization to do that. Could you speak to the details of that in any way?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. At this point, I'm not sure that this is worth detailing. We're adding some senior leadership that will bring some more experience, Edwards people that have experience with therapy adoption in other fields. Beyond that, we're going to use actually a host of different, I will call it methods to be able to drive education and therapy adoption. In the U.S., it will be largely web-based, there will be  there is a lot of actually telephone conversations, and direct contact, and seminars in Europe and Japan that seem to be effective. So, there is going to be a variety of tools that are applied, and we'll try and be a little bit more granular for you as time goes on.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Perfect. And my follow-up is on EARLY-TAVR, could you share anything about the length of follow-up and the endpoints that might be used, and the length of enrollment?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, it's designed to be a superiority study. It is randomized. We expect it to have a two-year composite endpoint, and the endpoint is likely to include death, stroke, and rehospitalization.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: We're going to randomize it between SAPIEN 3 and clinical surveillance, and I think it's going to have about 1,000 patients in it.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks so much, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Super. Great. Mike, can you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I hear you well, Jason.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. So, first question on TAVR O-U.S., Mike, if we add back the $10 million, it looks like sort of mid-20s growth comparably over the last sort of eight quarters, it would sort of challenge the best growth you've seen. And your commentary in your prepared remarks about Japan jumped out at me. Could you tease Japan out a little bit and give us some more color on the composition of that market and what you're projecting going forward?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. Without getting into specifics on Japan, I think there are just two companies approved in Japan and we're fortunate last year that we had SAPIEN 3 approved. And we've been really pleased at the way that the therapy is being adopted in Japan. If you'll recall, we got off to kind of a slow start a couple of years ago and there were a number of structural elements that were obstacles. But at this point, we feel like much of those have been cleared. I think, we're probably headed  maybe around 100 accounts in Japan and we continue to think that that has a total addressable opportunity of $300 million to $400 million.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. So that seems to be gaining traction. You'll have some easier comps in France clearly in the European side of your TAVR business, and the U.S. business you've talked a lot about and given some granularity here. And so, as you kind of look at the TAVR growth guidance for the year, 15% to 20%, and I think 30%-plus in the United States if I recall from your analyst meeting, it would imply that the O-U.S. assumption that you're making is at best 10%, maybe even high single digits. But given those tailwinds, how should we look at that? It sounds a bit conservative?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, we think, there's reasons to be conservative. We think, across Europe, it's been many years since this technology has been adopted. We expect the market's probably going to grow a little faster than Edwards that will lose a little bit of share, probably both in Europe and the U.S. So, I ask you to keep that in mind when you think about how realistic the 15% to 20% is. We think that's a pretty good estimate and not that conservative.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Great. And one quick and I'll get back in queue. Regarding EARLY-TAVR, given the new patient population in several centers, Mike, what  talk to us about the bandwidth of these centers, is there any risk to  this trial taking up enough time to have an impact on normal TAVR volumes? Thanks for taking the questions. I'll get back in queue.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks. We don't think so. We give our centers that are involved, for example, with us on the PARTNER trials an opportunity to enroll in the EARLY-TAVR, and we think it's been probably in excess of 90% of those centers have said that, yeah, they're interested and they feel like they do have the bandwidth to do that. The good news is they have infrastructure in place that they can leverage. So that's helpful. And this really is a new group of patients that they haven't addressed before. So we believe that they can handle it. We got a lot to learn, though, because this is a new field for us.
Jason Richard Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with UBS. Please proceed.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much. So  and congrats on a nice job here in the fourth quarter. You know we've covered the TAVR performance and new centers a fair amount so far in the call, but I just wanted to clarify one thing, Mike, if I could, and then  and a couple of questions on some of the growth initiatives. So, coming out of the Analyst Meeting, I think there was a lot of discussion and TCP in the Analyst Meeting about the need for market development, the need for education and awareness. That still sounds like it's important and you're starting to put that in place, but if I read your comments correctly, it doesn't sound like, if we look at the performance of Q4, that that has been  those efforts have had a significant impact yet. That would be something we'd expect to play out over the next, I don't know, several months or next year-and-a-half or so, is that a fair way to look at it?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: It is fair to look at it. We have some efforts in place and we're proud of those, but we think we're still relative novices at this and growing. So, we'd like to think we'd have  we'd be more effective in the future.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Terrific. And then on some of the growth in pipeline products and approvals you've talked about, I wanted to touch on a few if I could. And starting with CENTERA and I did want to ask about your tricuspid and mitral for just a quick check, but the CENTERA product, could you tell us what we should expect to see and hope to see when we might see it that would tell us that it's going to achieve the kind of performance you're hoping it could in order to be an important add to your SAPIEN platform?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, as we've indicated, we expect to get the CE Mark by the end of the year and we expect it to be based on data that probably is presented at EuroPCR meeting in May. So, I think that's going to be a good chance for you to get a look at that, Matt, and be able to judge what kind of a therapy that is.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And I know we talked about Cardioband, the mitral, you'd mentioned at your meeting also that you're kicking off or beginning to initiate this study for Cardioband TR, any sense of when we'll see  start to see some tricuspid data or short track results out of that initiative?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Even though, the Valtech is new to Edwards, we also are excited about Cardioband for tricuspid regurgitation. And they tell us they've got some pretty good momentum, so we believe that that CE Mark trial could be enrolled by the end of 2017.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: And then finally, if I could, on similar category of product here on PASCAL, you talked about kicking off the CE Mark study in this year, any update on timing or expectations for that would be helpful, for the mitral valve repair?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I don't have any update on that one. We'll keep you tuned in, Matt, and we'll need to let other people ask questions, thanks.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel. Please proceed.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good afternoon, Mike. Let me start with something that's coming up and I think it's certainly new since the Analyst Day, the SURTAVI data, intermediate risk data from Medtronic is coming up at ACC as the late breaker. I mean, I think that's certainly a faster date than I expected back in December. If we can assume it's going to be positive, how do we think about this? Can we view this as a positive data there, as a positive class effect for intermediate risk adoptions sort of similar to other large positive data sets we've seen in the past, and could that, should that, would that potentially accelerate intermediate risk adoption for all?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. We  I think, your point's a good one. We think if they have  if they show good results, that's only a positive for patients, not only it helps transcatheter aortic valve replacement therapy as a total class. And so, we actually hope that they're successful in treating these patients and we'll be anxiously awaiting the results like you.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. And maybe, Scott, one for you. First quarter guidance, I think I get the revenue range, but the EPS range seems unusually wide, maybe just help us understand some of the factors, is this more revenue, or margin, or currency that's creating this  the $0.10 range? Thank you.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. It's not uncommon, and it's probably not FX, because most of our EPS volatility or unpredictability is addressed through our hedge programs. So, it's really going to be more driven by revenue, and that's been the largest driver of our earnings so far, and our margins, and that's really, probably that's going to have it end up wherever it ends up in the range. But I'd point you to the middle of the range for modeling purposes.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just two on mitral. First on the Cardioband. One of the pointed feedback on that product is that it is a relatively long procedure, it could be an hour and a half, two hours to put that device in. And so, I guess I'm curious what your thoughts are around that, and as we've now taken it in, if you see the prospect to shorten the time to implant for that?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Raj. Yeah, there are a number of things about the Cardioband that we find attractive, but there's also opportunities for improvement. And yeah, absolutely, one of them is to shorten procedure times. Those can be really very lengthily and tedious, and we have a number of ideas that the R&D team has to be able to shorten this procedure time. And so that's going to be one of the key areas of focus for us as well as to try and put some engineering into the system to improve reliability and take out cost.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Fair enough. And then maybe just one on CardiAQ. I know it's probably premature to be thinking about what might come after that, assuming that maybe you can't fix what the problem is. But you've sort of shelved your own program and you chose not to buy or to take in Valtech's mitral valve initially. But how do we think about what comes next in potential delays in timing now that this might represent?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, I'm not going to speculate. There's really a broad range of things that could happen from where we are right now. Just to be clear, we just suspended clinical enrollments. We didn't really pause the whole program. And I don't know that pausing is that unusual for this sort of an early stage in transformative technology. As I tried to relate earlier, we're on a steep learning curve and to place a valve in the mitral position is a tough task and to do it well. The valves are large. The pressures are high. The anatomy is very complex. There are very serious imaging challenges. There's coagulation challenges. And so we're on a steep learning curve and we're very pleased at the pace that we're moving at. We just decided on this feature that we were going to pause this while we're going through our own internal tests. So we'll keep you tuned in. And we're hopeful that it's positive and that we'll be back rolling again in the second quarter.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair. Please proceed.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. Mike, talk about how you screen patients for EARLY-TAVR. Obviously, these are asymptomatic patients. Are there some obvious signs and signals that people suggest they can find these patients easily or is that part of the learning process?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So I'll tell you my understanding and then again I'm not an expert. And I think, collectively, the clinical community is going to learn something as well. These are patients again with severe aortic stenosis. So someone has done an echo or an ultrasound on this patient and found that their valve is closed. So typically, it starts out with a murmur. They get a diagnostic echo. That echo says that they have severe aortic stenosis. But their physician does not diagnose symptoms. So I think the first step of the clinical trial actually is to put this patient on a treadmill in addition to a number of other diagnostic tests. And so this would be the first interesting test. And then ultimately if they show no  demonstrate a lack of symptoms, they'd be randomized between getting a transcatheter aortic SAPIEN 3 by femoral delivery or just clinical surveillance.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Do you have any sense of how many patients are out there with a positive echo but no symptoms?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: We don't have a good sense. When we did our early estimates, we felt that there may be as many asymptomatic or patients without symptoms as patients with symptoms. Again, that's what the clinical community would estimate. And we believe that a lot of those patients are probably out of the system. Now, there are also a number of hospitals that tell us that they actually have groups of patients that have no symptoms that they could name names on. So again, we're going into a bit of uncharted territory, Ben, and we'll keep you tuned in on what we learn.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And if I can sneak in one on the SAVR side, you talked about kind of the new products helping offset the impact of volume. But what is the volume assumption for 2017 guidance in surgical valves?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So if you're to say what we think is going to happen in Europe, in the U.S.; we think that the number of procedures would be down slightly, so down a few percent in terms of the total number of procedures done in Europe or done in the U.S. And that again is of surgical isolated aortic procedures, right. We expect that we offset that decline through our new products. So through new products and share gain, that our sales would actually grow 1% to 3%.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: And is any of that price or is that just share?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, some of it, I suppose you would say, turns out in price. So for example, when a physician chooses to use an INTUITY Elite valve instead of a Magna Ease valve, the value that they would impart would be higher to Edwards. Obviously, you're getting a higher value. So you'd see that, I suppose, in the price relationship. But the other part might just be share gain associated with our products that are best-in-class and we're the market share leader on.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, gentlemen. I was hoping  so I apologize, Scott, this first question is for you, a little bit granular. But with the focus and intense focus on the sequential growth in the U.S. TAVR business, I was wondering if you'd be willing to just lay out any of the potential headwinds outside of just the core clinical utilization either on the royalty side or the clinical revenue side in the quarter?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. So clinical revenues did decline in the second half of 2016 as intermediate risk patients went from clinical to commercial after we got the approval. And we expect clinical revenues should increase again during 2017 in connection with PARTNER III. But the growth rates in the U.S. have gone from  last year, they were at 64% in Q1 and then 66%, 55% in Q3 and 41% in Q4. And now it's expected. It's really the law of big numbers that's driving the decline in the growth rates. And ultimately, we don't expect that there are any new headwinds or considerations other than the ones we've been talking about.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: And was there anything specific on the royalty? $2.5 million can account for about 100 basis points of sequential growth at these levels?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: So there's nothing really that we expect to change with the royalties. We've guided people to assume about $10 million per quarter. And that's about what we've been running with a couple of exceptions, where we might have a quarter where there is a true-up and it ends up being more than that. But generally, $10 million a quarter or $40 million for the year is the right assumption for royalties.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And then, Mike, just one kind of longer-term question for you. Some of our clinical checks with surgeons and talking about holding on to patients that are either younger and lower STS scores in the intermediate category or maybe eventually even low-risk patients, and what they hang their hat on is durability. And I was just hoping you could kind of give us your internal roadmap of how you see that question being answered. I know we're looking out a number of years. But what clinical trial dataset, do you think, gets us the answer? And what is the duration of data that we need to see? Is that 7, 8, 10 years? Appreciate it.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. It's not unusual if you go out there to speak to surgeons to find some that have a lot of confidence in their own ability to do great surgery on intermediate-risk or low-risk patients. We really don't find that as a surprise. The surgeons that are already on heart teams at TAVR centers seem to really understand the value of the therapy. And those referral processes seem to go much better. When you're in hospital systems where there is no TAVR and only surgical valve replacement is available, probably those surgeons are less  probably understand less the value of TAVR and the importance of TAVR. So it's part of probably our system moving a little slow, probably not a big surprise to us. That's in our estimates. We know that it's going to take some time and it'll be a cumulative sort of weight of the data that'll ultimately influence them. We're really pleased that we have powerful data in PARTNER I and PARTNER II. We've got PARTNER III right behind it and then EARLY-TAVR right behind that. So we're going to bring big powerful studies that are highly scientific to bear and ultimately we think the weight of that data will carry the day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. My first question, Mike, just on the intermediate adoption curve. As now we've had a full quarter of intermediate in terms of the label, have you gone out or your sales team has gone out and have you been able to assess how the TAVR centers are absorbing these new patients? Are they able to get extra lab time? Are they hiring new operators? I just want to make sure that there's no structural roadblocks to the market picking up with all these intermediates coming into the marketplace. And then I had two quick follow-ups.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Glenn. As you know, no two sites are alike. But I would say broadly that we really have not seen structural roadblocks, that sites have had an amazing ability to add capacity and cases per day. And in some cases, it's been pretty significant that they're able to do even four cases a day with SAPIEN 3. So they get a pretty good capacity bump out of it. And so, no, structurally, I really don't think that's the core issue.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then two quick follow-ups. One, you said you're implanting at over 500 centers in 2016. So how many centers did you add in 2016 and how many you expect to add in 2017? And then on the CardiAQ, are you still developing that device for transapical? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yes. So, yeah, I don't remember the exact numbers. But I want to guess that it's around 50 centers that we added during 2016. Gives you a sense of what we've done. And then your question about transapical was on which system?
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: On the CardiAQ...
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Are you still going forward with a transapical system? And then I also asked about how many centers you thought you'd add in 2017.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, yes, indeed, we are moving forward with the transapical system as well. When we adopted that CardiAQ, one of the things that we found attractive is that we could have one valve with two delivery systems. And so, yeah, that is an important element. In terms of number of centers in 2017, is that TAVR centers that you're asking about?
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes, correct.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So 2017, we're likely to get some growth. We expect that to probably slow some, not to be as big as the growth in 2016. There are still centers that are interested in joining, but we expect that to be at a reduced rate. It's hard for me to estimate just what that would be.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good evening and very nice quarter. A couple of things. Starting off with something boring like gross margins. You had 72.5% in the fourth quarter and yet your guidance for the year is 74% to 76%. For modeling purposes, how should we think about that progression?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. It was actually 72.2% for Q4. It was about 73.1% for the full year 2016. And the best modeling assumption for 2017 is right in the middle of the 74% to 76% range. And the difference is take from 73% roughly for 2016 and add about 100 basis points for mix and about 100 basis points for FX.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, that's helpful. And then and possibly more interesting, can you talk a little bit about the international market? You think that the $10 million from lost French sales went to Medtronic. But bigger picture, what's really going on in that market as it relates to market shares and shifts with some newer products coming in? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, yeah, there have been some new products. But overall, there hasn't been a big change that we've observed over the past several quarters. The new competitors are still having some impact. I think, total, they're in the mid-teens sort of level of market share. And outside of what happened in France, we haven't seen a lot. ASPs have been very stable across Europe. So again, you know that we're selling at a premium and sometimes that premium's quite large. It could be even larger than 20% in some places. But there's no significant changes in the market dynamics, Joanne.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Partners. Please proceed.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking the question. First of all, I was wondering if you could parse out a little bit more the impact, if any, of the competitor's large valve in the quarter. I believe they launched about a month into the quarter. It sounds like maybe you didn't see an impact at all. And where did you make that up, if you did not? Because presumably they did gain some share in that 34 millimeter size.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. You know what, I think the quarter turned out pretty much the way that we expected to. It was maybe a little bit stronger than we thought based on how the year closed out. I don't know what to tell you about that. Our 29 millimeter valve serves most sizes of patients. And so we don't really feel like we lose patients in that regard. And that a large-size valves is already factored into our guidance. So there was really nothing new there.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, that's fair. And then, Mike, I'm just trying to get a handle on where we are in intermediate risk. So I appreciate all the market development efforts you guys are putting forth. And those have yet to really take hold and bear fruit. But do you have a sense now of, in the U.S. market, what percentage of patients are intermediate risk or where we are in intermediate risk penetration? If you look at your own patient population, the patients that are getting SAPEIN 3; how many of those are intermediate risk versus high risk or inoperable?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, thanks. I know it must be frustrating. But we really would like to steer you away from just isolating, looking at just the risk factors. As we tried to talk about it at our investor conference, there are a number of factors the heart teams take into consideration, which include risk or  but certainly everything about their  the anatomy of these patients and the frailty of these patients. And so it is multi-factorial and it's done by these multi-disciplinary teams. I'd encourage you to go broader. We feel like there's about 650,000 patients out there with severe aortic stenosis and the treatment rate right now is around 18%. And so our job is to see if we can improve that and improve the lives of these patients and our performance as well.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: All right. Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please proceed.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. Mike, Dr. Therani (01:01:28) had a presentation at SVS in which he highlighted the fact that a quarter of the patients in the surgical arm of PARTNER IIA also had some other surgical interventions while they were on the operating table. And that those patients then had a higher event rate than those that underwent isolated AVR. One of the questions coming out of that presentation was whether that made it a bit of an apples to oranges comparison versus TAVR. Could you just comment on that paper?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, I'm not intimately familiar with it. It sounds like that's real world and that reflects what patients go through. And so I would say typically when a surgeon opens a patient, they are going to consider from time to time are there other things that they should do because this is a pretty big procedure to take a patient through and they're not going to miss the opportunity to do more. So I think that when it's all done, it probably is a realistic comparison of what goes on in the real world.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, thanks. And then in a few weeks, Claret's going to go to an FDA panel. And there's another embolic protection system not that far behind them. What are your latest thoughts about the need for embolic protection during TAVR and do you guys have any plans to revive your internal program?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Our thinking really hasn't changed dramatically on this, Chris. We continue to feel that with the stroke rate that's as low as it is  and you saw what the stroke rate looked like for a SAPIEN 3. They're in the neighborhood of 1% at 30 days. That adding another delivery system and another catheter potentially adds as much risk as it erases. And so for the additional cost and risk associated with it, we have a tough time endorsing that therapy.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: And do you think that the way you're measuring it in the trials is capturing the full scope of neurological complications? One of the pushbacks that those companies would say is that we are missing some stuff. When you look at their event rates in the trials, and they're quite a bit higher, although maybe some of those are sub-clinical.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I couldn't be more proud of the way that we assess stroke risk in our trials. I don't know if you recall what happens. But we actually have a neurologist, not a cardiologist, but a neurologist do an assessment before the procedure. And then they do the follow-up assessment. So you have a neurological assessment by somebody that's detached from this and they're highly qualified to be able to assess stroke risk. Now, if you would compare it to an MRI, we'd argue that that is sub-clinical often. So we think that our trial has probably some of the best and most robust data generated related to stroke.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. Okay, well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I welcome additional questions by telephone. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying sales and growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13652092. Let me repeat those numbers. Dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use the conference number 13652092. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp. Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp. Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.
Analysts: Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co. David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill lynch Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc. Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President-Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson. You may begin.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our third quarter 2016 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance and current expectations for clinical, regulatory, reimbursement and commercial matters, as well as trends in therapy adoption and foreign currency movements. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and adjusted, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. And now, I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, David. We're pleased to report strong third quarter underlying sales growth of 18%, which was consistent with our increased expectations. 2016 has been a remarkable year for our company with year-to-date sales growth rate of 20%, about double our original expected growth rate. This reflects continued strong global adoption of our SAPIEN 3 platform, which remains on track to generate over $300 million more in sales than we originally expected for the year. During the quarter, we're also pleased to receive a number of important regulatory approvals in each of our business units to drive future growth. Consistent with our strategy, we are aggressively investing to bring breakthrough therapies to an even broader group of patients around the world. In Transcatheter Heart Valves, global sales were $410 million, up 37% on an underlying basis over the prior year. Growth was led by continued strong therapy adoption across all geographies with notable strength in the U.S. and Japan. Globally, average selling prices were stable in each geography. In the U.S., Transcatheter Heart Valve sales for the quarter were $260 million and grew 55% on an underlying basis versus the prior year. Overall, growth was consistent with our expectations with robust performance driven by continued strong procedure growth in both large and small TAVR programs. As expected, in mid-August, we received FDA approval to expand the use of SAPIEN 3 for intermediate risk patients, which is the first TAVR therapy to obtain this indication in the United States. The high volume clinical sites already treating intermediate risk patients are under our Continued Access Protocol, and they have now transitioned to commercial sales. Enrollment continues in our PARTNER III low-risk trial, with more than 50 of our trial sites actively engaged. We believe this randomized trial should be enrolled by mid 2017, and we'll provide an update at our December Investor Conference. Outside of the U.S., underlying THV sales grew 15%. We continue to be encouraged by the strong adoption of TAVR in Japan, with the rollout of SAPIEN 3 expected to be completed during the fourth quarter. In Europe, we saw strong procedure growth across the majority of countries. We estimate total procedures grew around 20% in the third quarter compared to last year. However, Edwards' growth rate was lower primarily due to reduced selling in France. We are pleased to be resolving the issue we described last quarter, related to the French policy that effectively limited the number of TAVR procedures in 2016. Very strong therapy adoption caused the CAP to be reached during the third quarter, earlier than expected. As a result, we reduced shipments in the third quarter, which impacted our sales by about $5 million. Fourth quarter results will also be impacted as we have just now resumed shipments and expect to return to a near normal run rate by year-end. Our 2016 sales guidance reflects the current situation, and we are working toward a long-term resolution for 2017 and beyond. Also during the quarter, we received an intermediate risk indication for SAPIEN 3 in Europe. We continue to anticipate gradual expansion into these patients as clinical guidelines are revised and reimbursement policies are updated. We continue to expect that our new Ultra system, featuring an on-balloon delivery system and next-generation sheath technology, will be launched in Europe in the second half of 2017. We anticipate routine clinical updates on our SAPIEN platform at the upcoming TCT meeting. These include long-term PARTNER I data and quality of life data from PARTNER II. Although we anticipate an update on the CENTERA system, we expect a more robust dataset at EuroPCR in 2017. In summary, based on our strong year-to-date results, we are reiterating our 2016 THV sales guidance of between $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. We continue to expect our 2016 underlying sales growth to exceed 30% as momentum of global therapy adoption remains strong. Turning to the Surgical Heart Valves, sales for the third quarter were $191 million and were flat compared to last year's results as mitral valve sales recovered and grew slightly while aortic valve sales declined modestly. Globally, our ASP was slightly higher due to product and regional mix. We have addressed the surgical mitral valve production matter that affected us last quarter. Globally, sales are recovering as inventories are being replenished. In the third quarter, global surgical aortic valve sales were soft, which we believe was due to the impact of TAVR including a possible pent-up demand among U.S. intermediate risk patients and a slow over effect from the mitral shortage. This quarter, we received two approvals for our innovative surgical valve platforms designed for the future needs of patients requiring surgical interventions were not indicated for transcatheter therapy. Our INTUITY Elite system was approved in the U.S. Clinician feedback from the initial implants has been positive, and we're positioning INTUITY Elite as a premium valve procedure and supporting it with the evidence of a strong value proposition. We also recently received the CE Mark for our INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve. The first in a new class of resilient heart valve that we expect to become our leading surgical valve platform globally. We're planning an initial introduction of INSPIRIS in Europe during the fourth quarter with the full launch expected in 2017. In summary, given our year-to-date results, we continue to expect 2016 underlying sales growth for the full year to be between 0% and 2%. Although, we believe we're beginning to see the impact of TAVR, we expect our new product launches will lift our growth in 2017. In the Critical Care product group, sales for the quarter were $138 million and grew 3% on an underlying basis. Our results were driven primarily by double-digit growth of our Enhanced Surgical Recovery Program across most regions. As expected, growth was lower this quarter due to prior-year comparisons. As we announced previously during the quarter, we received CE Mark for a key new technology. The Acumen HPI software suite with our new flow track IQ smart disposable. This system provides the first of its kind hypotension or low blood pressure probability indicator during hemodynamic monitoring. Both are planned for targeted commercial release in Europe this year with a full launch in 2017. Based on our year-to-date results, we are maintaining our Critical Care underlying sales growth expectation to be between 5% and 7% for 2016. In our structural heart initiatives, we continue to make progress on our FORMA system for reducing tricuspid regurgitation and our CardiAQ-Edwards transcatheter mitral valve platform. In our CardiAQ mitral valve replacement program, we are focused primarily on system enhancements and gaining clinical experience. Our clinical investigators believe that a less invasive transseptal approach will be preferred for treating patients suffering from mitral regurgitation and heart failure. During the third quarter, our investigators began treating patients with our improved transseptal delivery systems in our U.S. early feasibility study. Our CE Mark trial is expected to begin soon. This trial, called the RELIEF trial, has been delayed due to more challenging regulatory processes than were anticipated for our most recent submission. As we indicated last quarter, the RELIEF trial is expected to include approximately 15 centers in Europe and Canada and will include transapical and transseptal delivery systems consistent with the desires of our clinicians. This single arm study will include patients suffering from functional and degenerative mitral regurgitation, and we expect clinical program updates will be shared at scientific meetings in 2017. In our FORMA program, we have begun our CE Mark trial, the SPACER trial to evaluate this technology in patients with clinically significant symptomatic tricuspid valve regurgitation who were at high risk for surgery. The former device is a spacer placed within the native tricuspid valve, designed to improve valve performance and patient symptoms. The primary safety endpoint is 30 days with longer term follow-up. We are also engaged in a U.S. early feasibility study, and expect a presentation at TCT next week on our compassionate use experience. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, Mike. Another strong performance in transcatheter valve sales drove significant top line and bottom line growth this quarter versus the prior year. Our results were consistent with our guidance, which we raised three times this year as we delivered underlying sales growth of 18%. Adjusted earnings per share grew 26%, reflecting significant leverage during the quarter. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.68 and GAAP earnings per share was $0.65, which includes our customary adjustments for intellectual property litigation expenses and amortization of intangibles. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 72.8% compared to 76.2% in the same period last year. This decrease, which we expected, was driven predominantly by the same foreign exchange factors that negatively impacted our gross margins in the first half of 2016. We expect this to continue through the fourth quarter, and our full-year 2016 gross profit margin guidance remains unchanged at 73% to 74%, excluding special items. We expect gross margins to strengthen in 2017, as product mix improvement continues. And we'll discuss those expectations at our Investor Conference in December. Turning to selling, general and administrative expenses, third quarter expenses increased 8% over the prior year to $230 million or 31.1% of sales. This increase was driven by sales and personnel related expenses, primarily in Transcatheter Heart Valves, partially offset by the suspension of the medical device excise tax. We continue to expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 30% and 32% of sales for the full year. We have increased investments in structural heart initiatives with the benefit of this year's medical device excise tax suspension. R&D investments in the quarter increased 12% over the prior year to $113 million or 15.3% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our aortic and mitral transcatheter valve programs. We expect our R&D investments, excluding special items, to be between 15% and 16% of sales in the fourth quarter. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 23.7%, up from 21.6% in the prior-year period. This increase was driven by improved results in the U.S., our region with the highest tax rate. We continue to expect our full-year tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 22% and 23%. Starting in 2017, our tax rate will reflect the new accounting standard for employee stock option exercises. It is difficult to predict the impact given the uncertainty of these exercises and our stock price. Rather than simply reflecting the expected benefit of this accounting change in 2017, our intention is to provide adjusted earnings per share guidance that excludes this impact, to facilitate transparent year-over-year comparisons. Foreign exchange rates increased third quarter sales by $8 million compared to the prior year. Compared to our July guidance, FX rates favorably impacted EPS by $0.01 in the third quarter. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $158 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $206 million, less capital investments of $48 million. Turning to the balance sheet, at the end of the quarter we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $1.2 billion; total debt was approximately $600 million. Average shares outstanding during the quarter were 218 million, which is consistent with our assumption for the fourth quarter and full year. Now, turning to our 2016 guidance. For 2016, we are reiterating all of our full year sales guidance ranges. For Transcatheter Heart Valves, we continue to expect sales of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. For Surgical Heart Valves, we expect sales of $780 million to $820 million; and for Critical Care, we expect sales of $540 million to $580 million. For total Edwards, we continue to expect sales at the high-end of our $2.7 billion to $3 billion range. Given our strong performance in the third quarter, we are increasing our guidance for adjusted earnings per share to be between $2.82 and $2.92. And we continue to expect free cash flow, excluding special items, to be between $500 million and $600 million. For the fourth quarter 2016, at current foreign exchange rates, we project sales to be between $750 million and $790 million and adjusted earnings per share to be between $0.67 and $0.77. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, Scott. We are very pleased with our strong year-to-date financial performance. As patients and clinicians increasingly prefer TAVR, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunity. We are committed to aggressively investing in our future, consistent with our focused innovation strategy, and we are confident that these investments will result in innovative therapies that will enable us to treat a broader group of patients and drive continued strong organic growth. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you, Mike. Before we open it up for questions I'd like to remind you to mark your calendars for Thursday, December 8, when we will be hosting our 2016 Investor Conference in New York. This event will include updates on our latest technologies as well as our outlook for 2017. More information will be available in the coming weeks on our website. In order to allow broad participation in our Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue, and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we're ready for questions please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. And thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Let me start, Mike, with the U.S. and the intermediate risk indication. Can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing since the approval in August, even though you had very strong growth this quarter, I think people will look at the deceleration in the U.S. TAVR growth in Q3 versus Q2. We had heard at the Cleveland Clinic that maybe there was some confusion about the reimbursement, whether it was already in place for intermediate risk. So, any update you can give us there would be helpful. And I do have a follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. Yeah. Happy to take the question, Larry. Yeah. We're pleased with the sales performance in the quarter, and 2016 in general. Pretty much the approval came as we expected in terms of the approval timing and in terms of what we thought our sales will be, actually the U.S. probably came in just slightly stronger than what we anticipated. So, it's pretty consistent with our expectation. Remember, we have a growth rate that I think was 55% in the quarter compared to something that was in the 60%s last quarter. So, not a lot of difference there. And I don't know that you should read too much into that.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's helpful. And then, you grew, again I think about 21% in the second quarter, 18% underlying in the third quarter. But I think the Q4 guidance is about 13% to 19% growth. So, what would get you to the high end versus the low end there? Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Are you talking about what fourth quarter might be globally for Edwards?
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. The guidance implies, I think, about 13% to 19%. So, just trying to understand kind of what gets you to the low end versus the high end there?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I think our guidance tried to speak for itself. We had felt going into this quarter that we were going to end the year toward the high end of that range, that put us close to $3 billion and we continue to feel that way. So, and given that this quarter was pretty consistent with what we expected, we think the fourth quarter will also go that way. I don't know what other color to offer, Larry, but we feel pretty good about the way things are going. The situation in France was one that was unexpected. We didn't expect it to hit us in the third quarter. So that was a little bit of a curve ball, but not much else is off track.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions. Mike, I know that it sounds like the OUS performance, maybe ex-France, was in line with your expectations, but you're the victim of your own success, unfortunately. The company has beaten your own expectations and Street expectations on revenues nine straight quarters and earnings 13 straight. So that's why you've got some consternation on the phone tonight. So, Mike, when you look at the market and the dynamics in particularly with intermediate risk coming in the quarter here in the U.S. and then later in the quarter in Europe, anything changed your thoughts on the trajectory of the business or any reason why you think there was some slowdown sequentially versus what we've seen in the prior few quarters?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: No. I really don't have a reason to talk about a sequential slowdown, Michael. I mean, as you know, the numbers are getting larger every quarter. So, there's something to consider there. But when we go to the big picture, we continue to think we're early on in the TAVR adoption cycle. We expect this to be more than $5 billion in 2021 and to grow quite a bit beyond that. I wouldn't read too much into any particular quarter, we're very pleased to get this intermediate risk; it came pretty consistent with what we thought. The labeling is quite consistent with what we thought, and it's just going to take a little time for people to change their practice. I don't think anybody  if they are anticipating a step function then they must not be following exactly the way this has grown. Generally, it's been more of a gradual ramp for us.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Understood. Let me ask you just one question on the CardiAQ program if I can. It sounds like you are expecting to be proud (23:33). If we look forward to 2017, do you think that you'll be in a position given you just started the U.S. feasibility and a release study is just about to get underway that you would have some 30-day data at PCR, or do you think we're probably waiting until TCT to see that?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I hate to project when we're going to have results, Michael. I mean, you know this is a high priority program. We're very pleased to be enrolling patients with a transseptal delivery system in the U.S. and actually our clinicians and candidates in Europe are looking forward to that as well. But we'll try and give you a little bit more guidance at the Investor Conference in terms of what to expect in 2017.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That would be great. Thanks, Mike, for taking the question.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with UBS. Please proceed.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking our questions. So, one question. Just looking at the, call it, deceleration, but, I guess, lower year-over-year growth in the third quarter versus the second quarter. That does not all that dissimilar to what we saw last summer, and in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. And then I'm just wondering if you could speak to any color on  is there a seasonal pattern here we should pay attention to that to play? Is there a transition to centers that are ramping up in advanced and intermediate indication that that is a factor here we should be mindful of putting aside how great this opportunity is over the long term? And then I have one follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure, Matt. Yeah, a couple of things. One is that yes, we always see a seasonal impact. So, it's not unusual for us to be slow in July and August and for that to strengthen in September, and that's indeed the way the third quarter went. If we start looking around the country, we saw both large and small hospitals grow. Remember what we said about the continued access, switching off so you had the 50  which in many cases were the largest centers that flipped over from doing clinical cases to doing commercial cases. So you should keep that in mind. And so that's probably the bigger picture. I don't know, if you're looking at global numbers, I think it's worth noting that France impacted us negatively. We've entered around $5 million in the quarter so that may help with some of that as well.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Sure. Thanks. And then just a follow-up on CENTERA, you mentioned some data year at TCT, but then more meaningful data next year. You can maybe given how successful, how well the clinical data has progressed for SAPIEN 3, maybe flesh out what's the role remind us again of where this fits in, in the arm inventory and how you see it playing a role in your product line up as we get closer to that time in the market?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if there's some kind of data that gets presented at TCT, but I'm not sure the nature of it. What we thought is that actually the CE Mark trial is likely to be presented at PCR. So that was what we were referring to about 2017. Over the long-term, our commercial strategy will be more clearly defined as we actually see that data ourselves. But the way we've looked at it going into it, there's been a number of users, it's in the minority, but a number of users that have preferred a self-expanding system and we think CENTERA is a pretty outstanding self-expanding system. So that's been our rationale up to now, but what will be most important to us is to see what that clinical data looks like.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, as we called around in Europe, we heard of a large price differential with you guys maintaining price in a very disciplined manner. How much of a market share impact this is playing, and do you feel that you too play along with it given the excellence of your data? And I have a follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Okay, I'm sorry. I don't know if (28:20). All right. There seems like there is a little bit noise on the line, hopefully you could hear me okay. Yeah, indeed, we do operate with a price premium. In many cases, it might be as much as 20%. And it's possible that we lose some market share result of that. You're right, we have every intention of maintaining our discipline, it's difficult to quantify exactly how that works. We're convinced that we could maintain a strong leadership position by doing that because of the high level of differentiation there is with the SAPIEN 3 valve. It just performs at an extremely high level. And so we expect to continue to do that. And again, when you're thinking about market shares, we noted that Europe grew at 20% this quarter and we grew less than that. Remember the impact of the situation in France as part of that, a big part of it.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. And my follow-up pertains to mitral. How is it feeling to you? Do you see commercialization on the not-too-distant horizon or do you really feel that there's a lot of fundamental work left to be done?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, Bruce. We've got just a lot to learn at this point. We're very pleased to be engaged in doing cases, it's the single most important thing we can do. We're glad to be engaged with the U.S. right now, and we're going to be ramping up here pretty good in Canada, in Europe as well. That's going to be very meaningful to us. We've cautioned you please not to include any kind of revenue expectation in 2017. And I hesitate to say much more than that, Bruce. You can tell we're enthusiastic. We wouldn't be beginning a CE Mark trial if we weren't enthusiastic about this, but there is a lot to be proven. And the only way for us to really know the answer is to have some good experience.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks so much, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, Mike. Can you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah, I hear you great. Are we coming through okay, Jason?
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: You are. Just occasionally you hear some echo, but I'll just go ahead and let me know if you need me to repeat it. Just wanted to stay on the topic of international transcatheter valves. You highlighted Japan, Mike. And that's been burgeoning market for a while. I'm wondering if you could segment it a bit for us, since the price you're willing to give to quantify. Just how bigger market Japan is and how much is the growth that you saw in the market, saw 20%. How much of that is coming from Japan? And structurally, if there's anything in Japan that's changed over the last several months to make it a more to sort of tappable market, if you will?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. Yeah. Early on, I think, we projected that Japan was likely to be a market in the $300 million to $400 million range. We'll have to refine that. As we noted it got started a little slower than we thought. They created some structural barriers including a different approval process for a site to start. And we thought the slowed us down. But like many things in Japan, although they might start slowly as they start adopting the therapy, it starts catching on. We think it's likely to be, maybe just under $100 million opportunity in 2016, but the SAPIEN 3 launch is probably one of the stimulus to growth in Japan and we're experiencing that right now.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Got it. So, did your European business ex-France, did it have growth in the quarter in TAVI?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Oh, yeah. No, it probably grew at low double digits, but it grew. It just didn't grow as fast as the market. And the biggest impact was, what happened in France.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: That's helpful. As a follow-up in the United States, I think it was asked earlier, I didn't hear a response. Just to the reimbursement landscape for TAVR and specifically intermediate risk, obviously, the guidelines accommodate reimbursement for evidence, development and intermediate risk obviously has that evidence now. Is there any indication to you that anybody anywhere in the country is having an issue with respect to reimbursement for intermediate risk patients or categorizing the intermediate risk patients? Is that at all having any impact on the penetration of that segment? Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. We're going to need to let others ask some questions too. I can't tell you that I'm aware of anybody that is having a particular reimbursement problem. I mean, we have situations around the country where customers will push back on price if that happens, but we have a lot of confidence in the fact that TAVR delivers great value to all the stakeholders. And so, I wouldn't call it an obstacle.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brooks West with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Thanks. Can you hear me?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yes, Brooks.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay, great. Mike, I just want to make sure I have the mechanics of the intermediate U.S. risk launch correct. I know you got the indication mid-August, and you brought the guys in out of the field for some training. So, I'm assuming by kind of early September you were out detailing accounts. Can you talk about  did I hear you correctly in saying that it was just the IDE sites that were doing intermediate risk patients in September? And how has that progressed or was it literally like a light switch going on, and everybody was doing intermediate cases right out of the gates?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: No, it was  it's closer to being the light switch if you will, Brooks. So, yeah, we got the approval. We had our team already trained. Remember, this was just a label change. So, people already had the valves on their shelf. When I was talking about the IDE sites what I was trying to indicate is, they were already treating their intermediate risk patients through the Continued Access Protocol. And so those sites flipped over from treating them within this clinical protocol into commercial sales, so not a big change in practice for them. And for the others, there was some that our team helped them out with some coding. But again, you need to think about what broadly happens in medicine. This is a referral process, and it takes a while for the referral process to really get rewired. So, I don't think anybody should expect that there's sort of a step function that went along with this approval.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Great. That's all I had. Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. So, Scott and Mike, I wanted to come back to your guidance for TAVR of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion. I guess, I think, we're all familiar with tonight  the debate is that the business didn't grow. There  the U.S. TAVR business double digits, but the $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion guidance doesn't really answer that that debate for shareholders. So, Scott, I was sort of wondering, maybe you can help us understand the construction of guidance because the debate really centers on whether you do sort of $1.65 billion to $1.7 billion. So, is it a safe assumption if you felt that $1.7 billion, the top on your guidance, was not achievable by the fourth quarter, you would have revised that guidance? Help us understand how you were thinking about the construction of not changing the $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, keep in mind, our philosophy on guidance is to aim for the midpoint. And that's what we do for our business units and for the company in total. I think that we achieved our guidance this quarter for the first time in quite a while, and it reflects the fact that we've got three guidance increases during the course of the year. We intentionally have not increased guidance for any of the business units or consolidated going into Q4. It's still growing very rapidly. I mean, the company grew 20% in the first quarter, 21% in the second quarter, 18% in the third quarter. We've got TAVR growing in the U.S. at 55% compared to 60-some percent in Q2 and Q1. So, we still feel really good about the growth. We still feel good about the market expansion opportunity, but, no, we're not expecting any different range than what we've already talked about for TAVR or for the company.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Scott, obviously at $1.6 billion  sorry to push you here  $1.6 billion obviously is a deceleration frankly in the U.S. market. And $1.7 billion in  and we're all realizing that we're spending too much time thinking about the growth deceleration because obviously the business is back on track and that's why I'm pushing you here. So, your view that $1.6 billion is still sort of the right way of thinking about it, still holds even though we're really heading into the fourth quarter of the year?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. If you just do the year-to-date results and extrapolate a reasonable growth rate assumption, then sure, the midpoint of that range is a good assumption going into the fourth quarter and probably a little bit above that. It's tough to get a perfect bead on, because we've got a business in the U.S. that's growing 55%, 60% range year-to-date, it's tough to have a lot of precision, but I think aiming for the mid-part of the range is a much better assumption than aiming for $1.7 billion.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, Mike, just real quickly a clinical question for you. On TCT, embolic protection, something you've talked about several years ago, but in the last couple of years you have talked less about as, frankly, clinical endpoints have gotten dramatically better for TAVR procedures. If we see successful embolic protection data next week at TCT, does that matter to you or your business and change your strategic direction, or you still just focused on making the TAVR procedure better without embolic protection? Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, David. You know what, we've got such robust data  you got to think of what we've been through. We've been through the PARTNER I, and now the PARTNER II data. And the PARTNER II data with SAPIEN 3 suggested there was a 1% stroke rate. And this was heavily adjudicated, and remember, a neurological assessment before during and after TAVR. So, hard to imagine that this isn't really high quality evidence. So, it's going to be tough for us to anticipate that anything that could be presented that's going to suggest  we would have to argue that, we're going to take it less than 1%. So, if that  if there was some argument, and there was that sound of data that would be interesting, but it's a pretty high hurdle for us to believe that that's an important part of future therapy.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill lynch: Thanks, and good afternoon.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Hey, Bob.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill lynch: So, hey. So, just a couple of really quick ones. A lot of the key questions have been asked. Scott, maybe a quick question for you. Looking forward to the Analyst Day here in a little bit, and I know you're not going to give any thoughts on 2017 any sort of concrete way today, but consensus is at about 12% revenue growth for 2017 and about 19% earnings growth for 2017. Maybe at a minimum, could you just to help us think through some of the important puts and takes that we should be considering and if you think people aren't considering things, please point that out? Just sort of any preliminary thoughts on major puts and takes as we think about modeling for next year?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. So, you're right. It's pretty mature to give you a specific underlying growth rate expectations for the top line, but maybe I can take you through the P&L. For gross profit margin, this year's guidance was 73% to 74%. I think we'll get a little bit of a lift from that in 2017. Keep in mind, we're still going to be investing in growing capacity and investing in our operations, but we should get a little bit of lift in our gross margin. For SG&A, we continue to drive expenses down. Our guidance for the year was 30% to 32%, this quarter we came in at 31%. I think it's reasonable that we can continue to improve on SG&A. Again, it's going to be a slower improvement curve than what we achieved over the last 18 months from the high 30%s to the low 30%s, but we're going to keep working on trying to drive efficiency in the back office and overhead expenses. On R&D, this year's R&D as a percentage of sales rate is probably a good assumption because if you think about ramping up the low risk trial for TAVR and the investments we're making in our transcatheter mitral valve and other programs that's probably a good indicator of where the spend should come in, in 2017. The other big one is just the tax rate. And we're still puzzling what the tax rate forecast should look like. There's been upward pressure to the tune of 200 basis points this quarter. We're doing a lot of things internally to try to mitigate that upward pressure, but as we continue to grow in the U.S., that's something we're going to continue to fight. So, I hope that gives you some of the pushes and takes, and we'll get more into the details in December.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill lynch: Okay. That's very helpful. And then one really quick follow-up. So, first, Scott, do you think people are missing anything significantly that's worth calling out on the top line? And then just real quickly on mitral. Mike, do we still expect that the CE Mark trial to start this year or could that pushing to early next? Thank you very much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: No. We think we're pretty close here. We think it's going to start very soon.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: And on the top line, I think this is pretty reflective of the strength of the business. And so, yeah, we may be victims of our own success in terms of coming in almost exactly where we had expected, but we're still really pleased with our top line performance. At the beginning of the year, we thought consolidated top line underlying growth was going to be something like 7% to 11%, now we're running at 18% this quarter, 20% range in Q2 and Q1. We originally thought TAVR was going to be 10% to 18%, now we're running 37% in the third quarter. So, there is a lot of tailwind to our growth rates, and especially after increasing our guidance $300 million on the year, we're feeling really good about executing on pretty high bar.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill lynch: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Mike, I just had a question on Europe and the competitive landscape. I think on past calls, you said that beyond you and Medtronic, the smaller players had about 10% to 15% European market share. Is that the case? Has anything changed, because when I look at Europe, when I take out France, Europe still came in a little bit light. So I was wondering if some of that could be just the competitive dynamics. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Glenn. Yeah. I think there was a little bit of share loss beyond France. So that's fair in Europe. But it doesn't look like it came much from the smaller competitors. I think in the last quarter we said the smaller competitors were around 15%, and it still seems that they're pretty close to that. There may be a little bit of movement amongst them, but if anything, we might have lost a little bit of share to Medtronic this quarter.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then just as a follow-up to surgical valves now. You made the comments in your prepared remarks that you thought intermediate was starting to slow down the U.S. surgical market. So, how should we think about this market going forward? Should we start modeling, this is kind of a flat to down market overall and I think you said that you thought you could actually grow your surgical valves next year. So, a flat to down market with average may be taking shares, and how we should be thinking about it over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. We're looking at that very carefully. And the big SAPEIN 3 data that was presented at the ACC probably caused us and everybody else to think about this a little bit differently. So, we're watching it very closely. I think it's logical to assume what you said, which is that the conversion to TAVR is likely to slow that down and maybe to be a zero something in that range in the U.S., a zero growth rate. What we're pleased that we've got a number of innovations in the surgical valve space that are going to be exciting that we think is going to drive our own growth and help us with that headwind.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Partners. Please proceed.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thank you so much for taking the question. Mike, you mentioned as we think about the intermediate risk indication, it's not necessarily a light switch, part of that's the referral network. The sense I get from talking to folks as well as centers having to build capacity, and so I'm wondering how much of either of those are you seeing as the gating factor in the intermediate risk indication? And if there is a point at which we do see an inflection point, once the capacity comes on line and once the referral network starts really moving?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thanks, Danielle. You can imagine it's difficult to know in any exact sense on those points that you measure. But if you were to ask our team, they would say that they don't believe that hospital capacity is a big issue. They would say that they've been impressed with the site's ability to add cases and add capacity, particularly with SAPIEN 3 than more what they'll refer to is the referral network has to change. And so minds have to change. The minds of surgeons and remember, you've got many hospitals out there that are not TAVR centers right now. So, you've got a fair amount of that change that needs to be implemented and that's part of what drives the curve.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay, great. And just one quick question about France. Have you provided us with what the annual run rate last year was for France, just to get a sense of. I know you said it was $5 million to this quarter, but just as we think about going forward, what's the...?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. We have not done that. I don't have that handy. It is our second largest country in Europe and it has been growing quite fast. It's actually more recently been growing faster than rest of Europe. So, it's significant. And so, we're glad to be working toward a solution in France because that's important to patients there.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: And I assume you are a market share leader in France as well, so you're disproportionately affected.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. A matter of fact, in 2016, there are only two companies that are approved in France, Edwards and Medtronic. And we're a clear leader.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair. Please proceed.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Scott, maybe just talk a little bit about the 2017 gross margin. I think we've talked in the past about a new manufacturing facility coming online in Costa Rica over the first part of the year. So, might we think of that cadence of gross margin improvement being more back half weighted just for modeling purposes?
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Probably not a whole lot of benefit from Costa Rica coming online in 2017. Our plan is that we're going to start production on a limited basis towards the back half of the year, but it's really not going to start moving the needle on gross profit margin. In fact, we're going to continue to be investing to help support that development. We are going to get mixed improvement though in 2017. This quarter we got probably 200 basis points of mixed improvement in our gross profit margin. I'm not sure we're going to be able to accomplish that much in 2017, but I think you're going to have this lift that I mentioned earlier coming from some mixed improvement offset by that continuing investment in operations.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then a totally unrelated follow-up, I apologize. But might we see any valve durability data coming up at your TCT or near-term or are there kind of discussion of next steps on that front? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. This is Mike. Thanks, Ben. I don't know what's going to be out there. I'm not aware of any substantial valve data. We haven't heard it be a big issue in the marketplace. I think there're some late breaking data that's echo-related from PARTNER I. And so, there may be something there that's helpful. When you actually see the five-year data from PARTNER I, I think that could be helpful, but I don't know that there's going to be much incremental beyond that.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch with BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Can you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I can hear you fine, Joanne.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Wonderful. Thank you for taking the question. It's approximately two-parts and completely unrelated. The first part is, use of cash with $1.1 billion sitting on the balance sheet. How should we think about you deploying this one? And then, my second question has to do with when we would talk with physicians, we hear about adding rooms, adding days, adding lots of capacity. Are we anywhere near worrying about capacity constraints in the U.S. yet? Thank you.
Scott B. Ullem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. Why don't I take the cash piece, Mike, and you take the second piece? On use of cash, our priorities have not changed at all. Our first priority is still to make sure we're investing in high return important long-term growth therapies. And in terms of free cash flow, we fund episodic acquisitions. They're going to continue to be likely not great big acquisitions. Historically, they're smaller investments, minority investments, options to buy companies, funding, start up, joint venture types of companies, but we will continue to be investing in external growth. During the course, we've been active repurchaser of our shares and we're going to continue to do that on an opportunistic basis to at least offset the dilutive effects of incentive compensation, and we'd like to continue to reduce the share count as well, which we've done here over the last several years. One of the big issues we're dealing with is, we got $1.2 billion in cash, but a lot of it is stranded outside of the U.S. And so that's cash that's not available for share repurchase and that something that we're going to continue to work on in terms of how we structure our assets and where we realize profits and cash around the world.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: And, Joanne, your question about capacity then, are we concerned. We're not concerned about it. What we have primarily seen is people adding cases to the day that they already do TAVR, just because the SAPIEN 3 cases go faster, they're so much more efficient, they're so much more a problem free. People find that they can do more cases in the same day without making a significant investment. There are, of course, people that are adding days, there're some people that are adding capacity, but we think those are secondary to people adding cases in a day.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good evening. Thanks, gentlemen. I was hoping that just ask in post and intermediate approval, we've gotten some feedback from clinicians about kind of segmenting the intermediate risk population between the PARTNER IIA and STS scores that are in the higher end and in older patients 75 and above versus lower STS scores in the 3% to 4% range in a 70 or younger age range. I know it's still very early days, but are you seeing any differential penetration rates in those two segments within the intermediate risk and how do you see that evolving in terms of your ability to penetrate that, I guess, lower end of the intermediate risk range?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Josh. Yeah. It's a little tough. I know, when you go out there and talk to customers, sometime you can find people with their own points of view. And so, they'll always be subject to that. We fall back on the PARTNER II trial. It was a big trial. It was robust, and I think it told heart teams a lot about the practice. I think more or less it has not differentiated and said that you should split this group of patients. It was very clear. It said that intermediate patients did better with SAPIEN 3 than they did with surgery, and we certainly know what the patient preference would be. So, we think it's clear. It's just going to take some people time to work through their own thoughts and biases. You remember that surgeons broadly feel that they do a great job with these patients. And so, they don't believe that the procedures are very dangerous and so forth. And so, this is just part of the process of medicine going through change.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks for that. And just a follow-up on low-risk trial enrollment. We've just gotten some feedback from a couple of centers that it's a little bit slower than they anticipated as low-risk patients are trying to circumnavigate randomization of surgery. I don't know if that's broad based, but if you had any thoughts on that. And just lastly, good luck with the Cubs tonight.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Well, thanks very much, Josh. Yeah, we got off to a little bit of a slow start, because contracting in this startup phase of the trial did go a little longer than we thought. These were new contracts with each of these sites. Enrollments underway. We've got about 50 sites that are engaged. And although it maybe started a little slow, it seems like it's picked up. We have not changed our guidance. We're continuing to believe that it's mid next year. But again, we're watching that closely and we'll update you at the Investor Conference as we get a chance to get a little bit more experience. And thank you about the comments for Cubs.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good evening, everybody. Thanks for taking the question.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Hi, Kristen.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, Mike. Just wanted to go back to the question that Glenn had asked. In the beginning, I thought you had said the aortic valves were down globally. And I think Glenn had it said in the U.S. I just wanted to see what the difference was with aortic valves in the U.S. versus globally. And just clarify your thoughts, I guess, on that measure after you answer.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. So, you were talking about surgical aortic valves, not transcatheter valves, right, Kristen?
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Correct.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay. Yeah. They were slightly negative in the U.S. They also were a little negative globally.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, I guess, I'm just a little surprised given that this quarter you'd just got the intermediate risk. How do you think that that suggests, I guess, that they're now negative in the U.S. so soon? Does that then suggest that there might have been some penetration into the intermediate already, or do you think that this is just more of a digesting process or how should we interpret that so soon?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. We're trying to sort it out right now. I tried to address this in our comments, and maybe it wasn't really clear, Kristen. We believe that there is a TAVR effect of some sort. There also  or at least some sites where they inferred that there may have been some pent-up demand amongst intermediate risk patients. In addition to that, we thought that there may have been some spillover effect from the mitrals. And so, you can picture a patient that would need a double valve replacement  an aortic and a mitral valve. Often a surgeon will choose to make those be the same valve type. So, those things all may have added influence and we only have about a month's worth of experience. So tough for us to deduce anything big picture; tough for us to deduce anything big picture; we'll keep you filled in as we learn a little bit more, but there does seem to be something that happened in this quarter compared to what we've seen in the past, and we'll watch it closely and keep you tuned in.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I guess, was it consistent across the quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: No. No, it really wasn't, but then again the quarter is always a little bit odd, Kristen, because we always have sort of a softer July and August in both our surgical business and our TAVR business, and it picks up in September. So, it's tough to tell is this normal seasonality or is it somehow related to the approval; it's just too soon to tell.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And just from a reimbursement standpoint, in talking with hospitals, I know you said that it wasn't really an issue, but have you talked to hospitals just about the reimbursement for surgical valves versus TAVR, just because surgical valves, I know, are very, very profitable from a hospital perspective?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: I think that's right, Kristen. Broadly, I think, if you were to generalize, you'd say that surgical valve replacement is a very profitable procedure. In many cases, it's more profitable than TAVR. But having said that, heart teams are tending to do what they think is right for the patient. Plus at this point, an efficient TAVR program does make money, and when it's a growth program on top of it, it's one that hospitals are incentivized to build.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And go Cubs.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor with Barclays. Please proceed.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I had a clarification question; when you talked about (58:52) a longer term resolution, can you characterize what that might be, and I guess, what it would mean for your opportunity there? And are there any other OUS (59:02) limitations?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure. One of (59:09) these new innovations is, reimbursement does end up stimulating demand, because without reimbursement it's just not as robust. So the French has a particular system in which they provide reimbursement before DRG goes in place, and they've employed that on TAVR. And they sort of anticipate the number of procedures each year and have designed their system around that. What happened is, TAVR grew so fast in 2016, it grew beyond their number. And that's what created the situation. We're in pretty deep conversations with them trying to help them understand the situation and the need of their patients. And so, I think we're hopeful that we have a resolution for 2016 that's pretty robust and we've engaged in conversations about 2017 and beyond. So, it's productive. We're hopeful, but again, we'll keep you tuned in if there's new developments. But, we're hopeful that we're going to be heading back toward normal.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. Any other places where there might be limitations like that or where you have to get in front of regulators about the quotas?
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay. Yeah. And we're going to have to end questions here pretty soon guys. But, yeah so, it's not unusual for us to have these situations. You know that countries that have really good reimbursement tend to have heavier penetration rate. And I think we've shown you some of the countries in Europe in the past where reimbursement is in place and well known, there is a higher penetration rate. Maybe that's something that we can highlight it on our Investor Conference and to sort of lay that out for you in terms of where reimbursement exists and where it doesn't. But generally that's evolving as the therapy becomes prudent proven. So, generally our dossiers are so strong on TAVR and its value proposition that that situation is improving over time.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Pasquale with Guggenheim. Please proceed.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks. And thanks for squeezing me in here. Mike, you guys have highlighted a number of times how strong the first half year was, and how much full year expectations rose as a result compared to what you're originally expecting. Now we had 3Q results that were very good on an absolute basis, but really didn't reflect a big new indication coming online the way investors may have been expecting. So, how confident are you that the unexpected first half strength didn't include some pulling forward of demand within that intermediate risk cohort and that's why the inflection wasn't as sharp this quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Yeah. I suppose anything is possible, Chris. I like to think that one of the big inflection points was the PARTNER II data that was presented in April. And so, we didn't really see a big difference between Q1 and Q2, so it's difficult to tell. We never expect that a step function. We always expected a gradual increase. And although we've done, I think, a reasonably good job of projecting the TAVR opportunity in the long-term. It has been a challenge for us to predict actual quarters. Actually, we probably have done a better job predicting this quarter than we have over the recent past, but I don't have much more explanation than that.
Chris Pasquale - Guggenheim Securities LLC: All right. Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Okay. Well, thanks everybody for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you David.
David K. Erickson - Edwards Lifesciences Corp.: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying sales and growth rates, and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or area 201-612-7415 and use the conference number 13646430. I'll repeat those numbers. 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and the conference number is 13646430. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President
Analysts: Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC Matt J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President-Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our second quarter 2016 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO, and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during this call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance and current expectations for clinical, regulatory, reimbursement and commercial matters, as well as therapy trends and foreign currency movements. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and adjusted, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David. We're very pleased to report strong second quarter performance, which reflected significant growth in the number of patients and physicians choosing Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy. Our results this quarter were better than expected driving strong top and bottom line growth. Global sales grew 21% on an underlying basis, reflecting significant Transcatheter Heart Valve sales that once again drove the majority of this quarter's growth, with a solid contribution from Critical Care. In transcatheter heart valves, global sales were $419 million, up 45% on an underlying basis over prior year. Growth was led by continued strong therapy adoption across all geographies, with notable strength in the U.S. Globally, average selling prices remained stable. In the U.S., Transcatheter Heart Valve sales for the quarter were $246 million and grew 66% on an underlying basis versus the prior year. Overall procedure growth exceeded our expectations, and strong sales were widespread in both large and small hospitals. Positive clinical results continue to drive adoption, and clinician feedback on the intermediate risk trial data presented at the ACC conference has been consistently positive. During the quarter, the final intermediate risk data sets were submitted to the FDA and we're awaiting for approval of the expanded indication. Although it's always difficult to predict regulatory timelines, based on the strength of these data, we anticipate that approval will be received during the third quarter. As a reminder, intermediate risk patients continue to be treated through our Continuous Access Protocol of the PARTNER II trial, which has been tracking at close to $10 million in sales per quarter. This would end as commercial sales begin. Enrollment in our PARTNER III low-risk trial is underway, and approximately half of our expected trial sites are active. As a reminder, this is a randomized trial and although difficult to estimate, we believe this trial should be enrolled by mid-2017. And, at the request of clinicians, who want to offer this therapy to a broader group of patients, we're revising the trial protocol by removing the 65 years or older age qualification. Outside the U.S., underlying THV sales grew 23%, driven by the ongoing therapy adoption primarily in Europe, and a contribution from Japan. We are pleased with the adoption seen in Japan following the launch of SAPIEN 3 earlier this year and we expect Japan to be a strong contributor to long-term growth. In Europe, we estimate total procedures grew around 25% in the second quarter, compared to last year or approximately 20% when adjusted for additional selling days this year. Edwards procedures grew at about the same rates. While the PARTNER II data published in April was widely acknowledged, we do not believe it provided a significant lift in the quarter. We saw strong procedure growth across nearly all countries and particularly strong growth in countries outside of Germany. While difficult to estimate, we believe more recent competitive entrants continue to account for about 15% of total European procedures. As we mentioned, we are using our U.S. intermediate risk data to request an expansion of our CE Mark indication. These data were submitted to European regulators during the quarter and we continue to expect approval of an expanded label in late 2016 or early 2017. We expect gradual expansion into intermediate risk patients when the label is broadened and clinical guidelines are revised. Our updated guidance anticipates that OUS sales may reflect a negative impact in the fourth quarter. The country of France has a policy that limits annual TAVR procedures. Strong therapy adoption there is outpacing this year's rate. We are working with the Ministry of Health in an effort to increase the procedure limit. In the absence of resolution, we expect to discontinue sales in France for the remainder of 2016 when the cap is reached, and this assumption is reflected in our guidance. Given the strong performance of SAPIEN 3, we have decided to incorporate additional benefits into our new Ultra system before its introduction. This will move the expected European launch to the second half of 2017. This new system featuring an on-balloon delivery system and next-generation sheath technology is expected to enhance ease of use, further reduce possible complications and shorten procedure time. Questions about transcatheter valve durability, which were first discussed during a EuroPCR presentation, were subsequently more thoroughly addressed at the TVT meeting last month. Physician presentations suggested there is a lack of evidence that TAVR valve durability differs from surgical valves. Edwards has always distinguished itself on the best-in-class performance in heart valves, and we remain confident in our SAPIEN platform and are generating long-term follow-up data in our PARTNER trials. In summary, based on our strong first half results and anticipated third quarter approval of intermediate risk in the U.S. and momentum of global therapy adoption, we are increasing our 2016 sales guidance by $100 million to between $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion. We now expect our underlying sales growth to exceed 30%. Turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group, sales for the second quarter were $199 million, a decrease of 3% over last year on an underlying basis. Sales of surgical mitral valves declined, which was partially offset by solid growth in surgical aortic valves. Globally, sales of our surgical mitral valves were impacted during the quarter due to our identification of a production matter related to the holder that assists surgeons during implantation of the valve, which caused us to temporarily suspend production. We have recently resumed shipping and expect a smaller impact in the third quarter as we replenish inventories. Worldwide surgical aortic valve units grew approximately 5% and global average selling price saw a slight decline due to regional mix. INTUITY Elite drove sales growth in Europe, and in Japan, growth was driven by aortic valves and the adoption of the recently launched tricuspid valve repair system. During the quarter, we announced positive clinical data from our COMMENCE, TRANSFORM and FOUNDATION studies at the American Association of Thoracic Surgeons Meeting. These compelling new data on more than 2,000 patients provide important clinical evidence on the benefits of new surgical treatments, including our RESILIA tissue and INTUITY Elite valve system. We anticipate approval in the near future of our rapid deployment INTUITY Elite valve in the U.S. This system is built upon our proven pericardial valve technology and is designed to facilitate small incision aortic valve replacement surgery and streamline combination procedures. The U.S. launch will be deliberate and focused on adoption and ensuring excellent patient outcomes. The valve system underscores our ongoing commitment to developing innovative surgical technologies to address patient needs. We continue to invest in multiple surgical platforms, as we believe that surgery will remain an important option for patients even as TAVR expands. In summary, given our first half results, we're reducing our 2016 underlying sales growth expectation for the full year to between 0% and 2%, and we expect a meaningful contribution to growth from the INTUITY Elite launch in the U.S. In the Critical Care product group, sales for the quarter were $142 million and grew 7% on an underlying basis. Overall growth for the quarter was strong in our core products and, once again, we recorded double-digit underlying growth in our Enhanced Surgical Recovery program. Our expansion of the U.S. sales team also stimulated stronger adoption of our market-leading products. Based upon the strong first half momentum, we are increasing our Critical Care underlying sales growth expectation to between 5% and 7% in 2016. In structural heart initiatives, we continue to make progress on our FORMA system for reducing tricuspid regurgitation and our CardiAQ-Edwards transcatheter mitral valve platform. In our early-generation CardiAQ-Edwards platform, we're in the process of implementing several enhancements, including new delivery systems and utilizing Edwards' advanced tissue. We Plan to incorporate these enhancements as part of our first CE Mark trial, and we expect to begin treating patients soon. This trial, called the RELIEF trial, includes approximately 15 centers in Europe and Canada and will include Transapical and Transseptal delivery systems. This single arm study will include patients suffering from functional and degenerative mitral regurgitation. You will hear more specific updates about this and other programs at future clinical meetings. In the legal matter that CardiAQ brought against Neovasc, a federal jury returned a $70 million verdict in our favor. The jury found that Neovasc, a former service provider, breached the non-disclosure agreement, misappropriated trade secrets and breached its duty of honest performance. During the quarter, we completed two small acquisitions that add future-generation technologies to our transcatheter valve portfolio. We remain committed to developing innovative structural heart therapies and, although it's still early, we continue to believe that these therapies will ultimately benefit patients who are not well-served today. And with that, let me turn it over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Thank you, Mike. This quarter, the number of transcatheter procedures exceeded our estimates and drove total sales of $759 million, representing 21% growth over last year, excluding the effects of foreign exchange and the prior year sales return reserve. Adjusted earnings per share in the quarter grew 33% versus prior year to $0.76, reflecting solid leverage. Our GAAP earnings per share of $0.58 includes $34 million of acquired intellectual property related to early-stage transcatheter technologies, as Mike mentioned earlier. A full reconciliation between our GAAP and adjusted earnings per share is included with today's release. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 73.3%, compared to 74.3% in the same period last year. This decrease, which we expected, was driven primarily by the foreign exchange impact from inventories sold internationally and a reduced benefit from our FX hedge contracts. These were partially offset by a more profitable product mix, reflecting strong growth in THV and the impact of the THV return reserve in the prior year. As we mentioned last quarter, to accommodate our increased sales demand going forward, we are making significant investments in manufacturing capacity inside and outside the United States, including our new facility in Costa Rica. These capacity investments moderately reduced our gross profit margin in the second quarter and are likely to continue to have a negative impact into 2017. These impacts are reflected in our full year gross profit margin guidance, which remains unchanged at 73% to 74%, excluding special items. Sector quarter selling, general and administrative expenses increased 7% over the prior year to $229 million or 30.1% of sales. This increase was driven primarily by sales and personnel related expenses, partially offset by the suspension of the medical device excise tax. We continue to expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 30% and 32% of sales for the full year. Research and development investments in the quarter increased 16% over the prior year to $113 million or 14.9% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter mitral and aortic valve programs. We expect our R&D investments, excluding special items, to be approximately 16% of sales in the second half. During the second quarter, we recorded $9 million in intellectual property litigation expenses, which have been excluded from adjusted earnings per share. The expenses include litigation against Neovasc in the United States and with Boston Scientific, where we now have multiple litigation matters in the United States and Europe. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 25.1%, up from 20.7% in the prior year period. This increase was driven largely by the impact of our early-stage intellectual property acquisitions and our increased sales in the United States, our highest tax rate region. We continue to expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items such as this quarter's intellectual property acquisitions, to be between 22% and 23%. Foreign exchange rates increased second quarter sales by $5 million compared to the prior year. Compared to our April guidance, foreign exchange rates boosted sales and favorably impacted earnings per share by $0.01 in the second quarter. At current rates, which have been volatile, we now estimate an approximate $10 million favorable impact to full year 2016 sales compared to the prior year. Brexit has obviously contributed to rate volatility, but the impact to our bottom line this year will likely be insignificant as most of the foreign exchange rate changes are expected to be offset by our hedging program. As a point of reference, UK sales represented less than 3%, of our global sales last year. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $153 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $190 million, less capital spending of $37 million. Turning to the balance sheet, at the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $1 billion. Total debt was approximately $600 million. Average shares outstanding during the quarter were $217 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for full year 2016 of $216 million to $220 million. Turning to our 2016 guidance, given our strong THV momentum and expectation of continuing growth, we are raising guidance for full year 2016 THV sales to be $100 million higher than we forecasted last quarter. We now expect THV sales of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion and total Edwards sales to be at the high end of our $2.7 billion to $3 billion range. We continue to expect sales for Surgical Heart Valves within the range of $780 million to $820 million. And given the strong first half performance of Critical Care, we now expect sales within the range of $540 million to $580 million. With today's increase in sales guidance, we now expect our adjusted earnings per share to be between $2.78 and $2.88 and we continue to expect free cash flow, excluding special items, to be between $500 million and $600 million. For the third quarter of 2016, at current foreign exchange rates, we project sales to be between $720 million and $760 million, and adjusted earnings per share to be between $0.62 and $0.68. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Scott. We are very pleased with our strong performance achieved through the first half of the year. As patients and clinicians increasingly prefer TAVR and based on the substantial body of compelling evidence, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunity represented by transcatheter therapies. Overall, we remain committed to aggressively investing in structural heart disease and critical care technologies. We are confident that this will result in more patients being treated with our innovative therapies and continued strong organic growth. And with that I'll turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Mike. Before we open it up for questions, I would like to encourage you to mark your calendars for Thursday, December 8 when we will be hosting our 2016 Investor Conference in New York. This event will include updates on our latest technologies as well as our outlook for 2017. More information will be available in the next couple of months. In order to allow broad participation in our Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue, and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Brooks West with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. Can you hear me?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We can hear you fine Brooks. Can you hear us?
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Great. Mike, actually, you were fading in and out quite a bit in the first part of your prepared remarks. I was actually going to ask if it would be possible maybe for you guys to email out your script or post it to the website, because I felt like I did miss a lot of what you said. I'm sure we'll be useful...
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): ...to try to piece it together.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. If it's helpful, I suppose if it's coming in clear now, we could maybe even read it again I suppose if it's helpful to you.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): I don't know. I guess I'll defer to David Erickson on that, but I thought like I missed a lot of what was said in the first half of your remarks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, we apologize for that and we'll make sure that the transcript is available.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Perfect. I guess let me ask just two questions. First of all, congratulations on another great quarter. If in terms of raising the guidance, the Transcatheter Heart Valve guidance by $100 million, it sounds like intermediate risk may be coming a little bit earlier, U.S. is doing a little bit better, Japan doing a little bit better. Can you just kind of parse for us where you see that incremental Transcatheter Heart Valve volume coming from that constitutes that $100 million?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Brooks. Some of it already happened in Q2, right? So you've got a  chunk of it was the Q2 beat. You're right. There is an element of it that comes from what might be a little bit earlier approval that might provide a little bit of a sales boost in the third quarter. But some of it is just a reflection of the momentum that we have coming out of the second quarter. We've had two quarters of strong growth in the U.S. and Europe is growing nicely as well and Japan for that matter. So, you put those together, it's really more of a momentum issue.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Okay. And then I guess as a follow-up to that, Mike, where do you feel like the incremental patient is coming from? And I guess, specifically, if you look at the U.S. market, do you feel like  it feels like now you're truly starting to cannibalize the surgical business, is that where the majority of patients are coming from. Do you still feel like patients are kind of coming out of the woodwork that wouldn't have been treated? Can you speak to that at all? I know it's a guesstimate, but would be helpful as well.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think as we mentioned, you may not have picked that up in our earlier remarks, but we saw growth in both large and small hospitals this quarter. So it was widespread and it was geographically dispersed across the United States. And I think the U.S. was probably the largest source of growth. We don't think there was a significant number of patients that came from surgery. We think, by far, there was more patients that just plain came into the system. We continue to believe that there is an under treatment of patients, particularly with high risk and those flow into the system.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Perfect. Thank you so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you very much. Mike, can you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I hear you great, thanks.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Good. Congrats on a great quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Let me follow-up on the question on the Transcatheter Valve business for a second. I'm wondering  we all have, Mike, our guesstimates with respect to how the market is bifurcated from extremely high risk, intermediate risk, down to low risk. Some of the physicians that have published on it seem to think 60% or so in the low risk, intermediate maybe a third, and high and extreme risk maybe 10%. I'm wondering if you could maybe speak to that at this point. Given the volumes, it would imply that we are seeing some risk creep. I know you get the question a lot, but it would imply that you are. I guess the underlying question is, what sort of impact do you expect in the intermediate risk approval to actually have, whether it be in terms of patient acquisition, new center development or anything else? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jason. Yeah, I realize that it must be confusing for people that are following it. And part of it is that risk ratification happened by STS score, and it's traditionally been done that way. And over time here, we've seen that risk scoring has changed, and it's changed in two ways. One, just the way that STS evaluates the patients and their scoring system themselves, and the other is that heart teams themselves are playing a significant role in that and you know that they're bringing in play factors like frailty and anatomy that aren't captured in risk score, so age certainly being a key component of that. So, I think what you're seeing right now is just a different view of patients. They look at somebody today and say, well, I consider them high risk for surgery, knowing the kind of results that they get with transcatheter heart valves. I believe they're largely staying on indication as the NCD reinforces that, but we just have less precise estimates of what high risk, intermediate risk and low risk means compared to what we've had in the past. We continue to believe that the overall TAVR opportunity is more than $5 billion by 2021 and we're seeing that adoption. In terms of what's going to happen when intermediate is approved, I think a couple of things. We try to remind you that we're treating patients under the CAP today, the continued access program. And so that would stop when this began. And also, we tend to think that we'll see more or a ramp, if you will, a gradual ramp, rather than a step function when that approval takes place, so that's our expectation.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: That's helpful, Mike. I appreciate that. Scott, one for you with respect to the guidance. It looks like the TAVI upside that you generated, at least relative to consensus, on the top line gave you somewhere between 40% and 50% incremental margin to the operating income line just given the beat there relative to consensus, whereas the guidance that you've given, a $100 million increase in TAVI relevant to the increase on the bottom line, would imply a much lower incremental margin for the balance of the year. Is that the spending  incremental spending  the surge in spending that you talked about last quarter and should we see a little bit better incremental margins as you roll off that surge, I guess, maybe in 2017? Thank you very much for taking the questions.
Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: It is related to the capacity expansion activities we talked about. Just recall, for the $100 million guidance raise, part of that was already experienced in the second quarter along with the incremental profitability. So, about a third of that $100 million sales guidance increase will drop through to the operating income line across Q2, Q3 and Q4. There is less benefit to gross profit and SG&A, primarily due to these investments we're making in manufacturing and the infrastructure that we need to sustain our growth and, also, we've got some incentive performance-driven compensation running through the P&L.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot. I'll get back in queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. And Mike, just two cents on the quality of the opening remarks. I would just email this around to people just because you were going in and out, and I think it's probably worthwhile for people just to catch everything that you said. I did want to get your commentary on a couple of items, Mike. I heard your update on the mitral program and I was just hoping you could give us, number one, what are the gating factors, if any, at this point to starting the CE Mark trial? And then, I wanted to follow-up on the TAVR business. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike. First, thanks for the comment on the reception. What we'll do is we'll get that script up on the website just as soon as we can, if it's not up already, so that people can view it. In terms of the question, right now, we're teed up to start the CE Mark trial. We really don't have obstacles in front of us other than just getting the sites up. So, we're ready to go to begin the trial. There are no internal hurdles or regulatory hurdles.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, Mike, you made some comments that when in and out on Ultra. I was hoping you could just explain exactly what you're doing. You said that you were incorporating some of the Ultra features into the product earlier. Can you just go through that?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thanks. Yeah, we said, given the strong performance of SAPIEN 3, we've decided to incorporate additional benefits into our new Ultra System before its introduction. This is going to move the expected European launch into the second half of 2017. So then, remember that new system features an on-balloon delivery system and a next-generation sheath technology, and we expect it to make it easier to use, reduce possible complications and shorten procedure times.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. And then, just circling back on the TAVR guidance increase, so if I look at what you reported this quarter versus the Street expectations, you exceeded the Street by about 10%, or call it like $36 million, $38 million. So versus that $36 million or $38 million, you raised your guidance by $100 million, obviously suggesting that there is a fair amount of momentum in the business. Can you just talk about what you're seeing in the business today versus maybe what you were seeing earlier in the year? Because we all remember January and you guys commenting on how strong the market was in December into January and that continued, obviously, (31:43).
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we tried to reflect that in our remarks. Recall that we felt that the U.S. market grew more than 60% in the first quarter, and here we are even though coming off a larger base, it's growing again, in our view, more than 60%. So, this is pretty terrific market growth, and we would've expected it to begin to slow. So that's one element that's stronger; and just the strength of the SAPIEN 3 data is putting us in a very favorable position as well and giving clinicians a lot of confidence. We were pleased with what's going on in Europe. We were glad to see the growth rate of Europe be 20%, and our growth tracked that. And we have had continued discussions with FDA that cause us to believe that we'll get the intermediate risk indication in the third quarter. So just a strong momentum; looking at what's ahead, we feel pretty confident about our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a great quarter. Hopefully, you can hear me okay. Mike, you can hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Larry, we hear you great. Thank you.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good. All right. So, just one on international TAVR business, and then one on the  I'll be the bad guy  on the durability question. So, in Europe, Mike, what drove the improvement in Europe from Q1 to Q2? And second, on Japan, it looks likes sales in the first quarter were about $15 million, increased to about $20 million, $25 million in the second quarter. I assume SAPIEN 3 drove that. Can you just provide a little bit more color on what's going on in both of those markets? Thanks. And then, I have my follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Primarily in Europe, we're seeing market growth. We saw it, really, in all countries. We saw it step up in Germany, but we saw it step up even more in the countries that are less penetrated than Germany; and those had some pretty terrific growth rates during the quarter. And then, the other thing that happened is we probably saw the share position stabilize in Europe in this last quarter, so that all contributed to that. Did that get at your question?
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. And Japan, Mike, it seems like a pretty nice acceleration there. It's $20 million, $23 million, $25 million in the quarter; closed at about $15 million in the first quarter, which is obviously a pretty nice pick up?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I'm not sure we broke out Japan. Japan is growing at a very high rate, but remember that's a small base and still a small contributor to OUS. And we have the launch of SAPIEN 3 that's going on right now in Japan, so that's helping drive growth.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Fair enough. Then, Mike, on the durability question, obviously, there was some pretty un-rigorous data at PCR and some better data at TVT last month, I think you alluded to earlier. I guess, what do you think is needed to kind of address the durability question? Are you seeing any impact in the market? Obviously, the results were stellar, so the answer is probably no, but what  and lastly, are there any long-term datasets from European registries like SOURCE that you think can help address this and when could we see more data? So, thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Larry. Yeah, absolutely, there were some pretty sensational headlines and, certainly, those prompted questions. But to us, it really hasn't appeared that it's been a significant issue with clinicians. They remain enthusiastic about the impact that TAVR can have on their patients. I'll remind you that EuroPCR that original  those headlines hit around mid-Q2 and they didn't appear to have near-term impact on overall therapy adoption in the quarter. We are committed to studying this. So when you talk about long-term data, we can't imagine there being better long-term data than what we can generate out of our PARTNER trials. We have great datasets there, they're well controlled, and so we plan to pursue those patients on a long-term basis and follow those. And we think that will be the best way to really shine a light on the issue.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Mike, just a quick review and then maybe couple of follow-ups for Scott, quick ones. So, Mike, we're sort of in this weird position, right, where we have very good data from intermediate risks, we don't yet have the approval I guess, and talking to your large centers sort of intra quarter, they see a lot of demand coming. They're actually, if anything, worried about infrastructure at their center. So, it feels like they're hiring, they're training, they're making budget request for traditional infrastructure. Can you comment on what behavior you've seen out of your largest centers or, frankly, large and small centers, given the impact of this quarter kind of prior to the approval? Have you seen a change in relative activity?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it really felt like more of a continuation of their efforts. They're enthusiastic and they continue to optimize their own programs, continue to find ways to add capacity, so this is an ongoing dialog that's going on with all the centers, large and small, and we thought one of the things that was noteworthy this quarter is the growth that we've seen out of the medium-size and small-size centers. In the past, it felt like there was an awful lot that came out of the largest centers, and it feels broader based at this point.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, very helpful. And then, Scott, just a couple of quick financial questions. The first is just my favorite question on margins. Your back half guidance basically implies that margins head higher as a percent of sales than sort of the first half of the year, but I think we're all expecting a sales inflection in the back of the year, so it seems hard for sales to inflect and margins to get incrementally worse. So maybe you can give us some more specifics besides compensation or specific performance awards? And the second question is, and kind of related, on the new FASB stock-based comp guidelines, you're one of the companies that sees potentially a material benefit this year heading into next year, maybe your thoughts around that would be helpful? Thanks so much.
Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Sure, David. In terms of profitability, we are seeing pressure on just in terms of capacity expansion and we felt that a little bit, it's probably less than 0.5 points of gross margin in the second quarter, but we believe it would be higher than that as we look out to the second half of the year. So, yes, we got incentive compensation, but what's really unusual in terms of this gearing from sales down to the bottom line is the investments that we're continuing to make to grow our capacity. In terms of the accounting change, we do plan to implement it in January 2017 as required by the accounting pronouncement. If we would've done it last year, our earnings per share would've been something like $0.17 higher than they were, but given the potential for all the variability and how this is calculated, because it's based on our stock price and the option values that employee awards come with and how many of those options are exercised, it's risky to start making assumptions about what that's going to look like. We're also thinking through how we're going to present this in terms of presenting our adjusted EPS and we'll get back to you on that as we look towards providing 2017 guidance at our investor meeting in December.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Miksic with UBS. Please proceed with your question. Matt, your line is open, so if you would like to ask a question.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Hi. Can you  sorry about that, can you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We can hear you now, Matt.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. So, just a follow-up on capacity and how the U.S. centers are adjusting to volumes. Can you talk at all about some of the procedure optimization best practices in some of these larger centers that and how, as we think about how you're positioned to sort of address those and optimize procedure times, hospital stays and that sort of thing as these folks look to get more efficient today and going forward? And I have one follow up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's a mix of things. Probably the single biggest one is that they're able to do more cases per day with SAPIEN 3 than they have in the past. And so that's adding capacity, and just adding a little bit of case per day adds an awful lot of capacity when you aggregate that. That's also integrated with what's going on today with the minimalist approach, which includes conscious sedation, shorter ICU stays, you don't have to coordinate with an anesthesiologist the way you used to and so forth. And those are truly adding capacity to the system. I think you broadly are watching people share best practices and improve their efforts across the board.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And just in terms of the speed of getting a procedure done. If we think about the kinds of patients that (41:25) intermediate risk, you talked a lot about over the past year or so as difference between what's a low risk, what's an intermediate risk, what's a high risk patient look like, obviously, not just an STS score, but can you frame for us anything about how far we're tipping into sort of intermediate risk today on an STS basis and understanding there's co-morbidities and other elements that make a patient high risk and then how that might change as we get post approval just to give it sense of how these assessments may change in the back half of the year into next year?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I guess I know we try and talk about it a lot and this must be difficult if you're a couple of steps away from this. But the STS score is not becoming as relevant as it was in the past. The heart teams have really taken ownership of these issues of which patients and they're utilizing their judgment. We think that broadly hospitals are saying on indication and that's been very clear, because remember you have an NCD in place that drives discipline in that regard. Having said that, if you are on the borderline of high risk and intermediate risk, might those patients be judged as somebody that should be treated today, yes, that's very possible.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Good afternoon. Wonderful quarter, of course. Mike, could you just  I have two questions. Mike, could you just repeat what you said about France? And if things do go well and you get relief, what would that do to the $100 million raise in TAVR guidance?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. So, what we've said is that our updated guidance anticipates that OUS sales may reflect a negative impact in the fourth quarter, that the country of France has a policy that limits annual TAVR procedures and a strong therapy adoption is outpacing this year's rate. We're working with the Ministry of Health in an effort to increase the procedure limit, but in the absence of a resolution, we expect to discontinue sales in France for the remainder of 2016 when the cap is reached, and that assumption is indeed in our guidance. So, we're not reflecting exactly how much, but that is a factor that's in there.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, terrific. And then, on a day like today, you obviously don't need it. But I was wondering, could you just speak generally about the indication expansion trials beyond PARTNER III? UNLOAD was one of them. I know you're probably going to tackle some of the asymptomatic patients as well as bicuspid patients who tend to be younger; like, when might we start to see results from that and how important is that  those trials and indication expansions to the ultimate size of the market, assuming you get to $5 billion, pretty easily with what you've got indicated now and including PARTNER III?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, yeah, on UNLOAD, I don't know precise timing, and although that's going to be a contributor, it's relatively small. Probably the biggest one that's not in our estimates, that when we say it's going to be larger than $5 billion in 2021 is asymptomatic patients. And although that's not supported by current guidelines, we believe that patients with severe AF that have not yet presented with symptoms could benefit from earlier therapy. And it's an area that we have high interest. We've not yet established a timetable to begin studying the effect. It would be a groundbreaking trial. And we'd expect that there would be significant debate among the clinical community and regulators on the trial's specifics and merits. So, that's one that we'll have to stay tuned on.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Hi, good afternoon. I wonder if I could ask, after a quarter like you just posted in terms of the capacity in the United States, in terms of the number of centers, do you start rethinking the numbers of centers that could do that when you post a quarter like you just did?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We're estimating that the number of centers that we're serving in the U.S. now is around 450. And there are centers that are finding ways to add the capability to be able to get within the NCD; generally, that's happening slowly, but it's happening steadily and it is a contributor to growth.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: So do you  I think at one point you talked about maybe 400 or plus or minus kind of centers being your view on how many there should be. Can you give an updated thought on how many centers you think we could ultimately get to in the United States?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's a tough one. I mean the fact that we're 450 now and probably approaching 500 is probably a newer estimate based on what we've actually experienced. It is difficult for us to project in the future and it gets affected by the level of consolidation that's going on in the U.S. hospital industry. So, difficult for us to decide exactly where that comes out at this point, Raj.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then just one quick on mitral. I appreciate your moving forward with CardiAQ valve. What are your current thoughts on repair products for functional disease? Do you feel the necessity to have sort of a complete portfolio and to move forward with those types of products as well?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's a great question, Raj. We think about it a lot at Edwards. We have been believers for some time that it will take a tool kit to address mitral regurgitation and heart failure, and that its unlikely that any single product is going to be a silver bullet that's going to take care of all patients. So, we continue to have a high level of interest in repair as well as replacements and it's one that we pay a lot of attention to.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: So, will we hear more soon I guess or?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: If we have something to share, we'll of course do that, Raj.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Fair enough. Nice quarter. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question and congrats on an excellent quarter. Mike, I'm just going to ask the intermediate risk question maybe another way, any updated thoughts on potential ultimate penetration of that market, and how quickly you can get there? Number one. And number two, what that does to the outlook for the surgical valve business and how we should be thinking about that business growing over the medium- to long-term?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks. We feel really good about intermediate risk, and we felt like we had some pretty spectacular results, obviously, that suggests that the treatment with SAPIEN 3 is even better than surgery. And so, that part is very encouraging for us. But we know the practice of medicine has traditionally been slow to change and that that's going to take some time. So, we more think in our mind that it's going to be a gradual, but steady, increase. We're yet to see if that really changes the total addressable market. We've always believed that we would have intermediate risk approval and that was in our more than $5 billion estimate that we put out there when we did our Investor Conference last time. When it comes to the impact on surgical valve, you recall that we continue to have growth in aortic valves. They grew about 5% just this last quarter. So, we have not changed our view that surgical valve business is going to grow in the face of TAVR expansion. And there are several factors there. You've got the ageing global demographics working in your favor; generally, under-treatment of patients; there's more innovations of high value, like INTUITY; you got tissue to mechanical conversion; and, the emerging markets are getting wealthier and able to treat their patients. So, all those factors, we think, are going to be ones that drive growth in surgery for a while.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: And if I could follow up on intermediate risk, if you use the high-risk indication as a proxy, it looks like market growth has exceeded expectations on two fronts. Number one, it sounds like the aortic stenosis market, patients getting diagnosed and referred, is much larger, and then, of course, just the penetration of TAVR into the high-risk market. And I guess I'm wondering if the intermediate risk patient population is different in a way that we would not see  we could not use high risk as a proxy for intermediate risk. Does that make sense?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think I understand. We've struggled with this, Danielle. I think we've mentioned this in the past. We probably have a greater sense of vision for the long-term than we do in the short-term. It's very difficult for us to estimate what's going to happen quarter-by-quarter or even year-by-year. We believe that this is very successful therapy and that the data has demonstrated that it's excellent for these patients and they should get treated; in the absence, a patient  they've got a pretty poor prognosis. So we think that, ultimately, they're going to be treated, and much of this is going to depend on basically the message being out there and the referral system working. So, it's a judgment call, but we believe that this technology will continue to improve; and as it improves, more and more patients will be treated.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Gillings with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Can you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's a little bit weak, John, but we hear you.
John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. I'll try to talk a little louder. So, just quickly on the mitral side, you mentioned the positive jury verdict in the trade secret case against Neovasc, but there are still a number of issues that are being resolved in the post-trial motions, including whether or not there will be an injunction. And given that there are a limited number of KOLs and centers with the qualifications to run these kind of trials and that a lot of them don't want to do  trial two devices at the same time, if an injunction comes through, could we potentially see faster enrollment rates for the CardiAQ-Edwards valve and potentially shorter time lines to commercialization?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks for the question. As you know, we are waiting for the judge to render a decision on several outstanding matters, and that includes an injunction and patent ownership. So, there is the potential for multiple trials to be ongoing. We don't think that Neovasc is so advanced that they have the whole mitral clinical community tied up. So, I'm not sure that that's going to be a major factor. We think we do have access to some of the best centers in the world and we look forward to being able to get that without limitation.
John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then, maybe just quickly to follow-up on Raj's question earlier on the repair side in mitral, any color you'd be willing to offer on your investment and option on Harpoon?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, well, we continue to like that investment. I think we talked about it a few quarters ago when we put it in place. And it's indicative of that feeling that we have that mitral repair might actually have an important place in the future. We like that particular investment because it allowed us to make a reasonable and nominal one on what we think is very promising therapy, but wait to see how the data turns out; and if it looks good, we have an option to actually acquire the company. So, we're pleased with that as a strategy and would do more like that.
John T. Gillings - JMP Securities LLC: All right. Thanks a lot guys and congrats on the quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Keeler with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Matt J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks for taking the questions, guys. Just one  first, a clarification, I think the color around Europe and the accelerating TAVI growth, did you say the impact of selling days added 5% to the quarter? Did I hear that correctly?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, essentially we think about 5%  isn't it, Scott, 63 days versus 60 days a year ago?
Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Yeah, which translated into about 5% benefit to underlying growth. And on a consolidated basis, it contributed to about 1.5% additional growth in the quarter for all of Edwards.
Matt J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, so no benefit in the U.S.?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, you know, just broadly in Europe, our team feels that that patient population keeps percolating into TAVI and that there is an increase, but without a surge.
Matt J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, that's helpful. And then, just on gross margin, you mentioned added expenses that will continue into 2017, and I would think that some of that, including hiring, training, overtime, would be more frontloaded or temporary. So, is that a reasonable way to think about it? And do you think that some of the spend will come off as we get into next year?
Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: Yeah, I'd group it into a couple of different categories. One is, just near-term, as you can see just through our gross margin line, we're pursuing multiple avenues to increasing capacity, and those costs are coming through in the form of overtime and hiring and training at our existing facilities. We're expediting logistics to move product around the world. We're adding production equipment. We're rebalancing capacity between our facilities. So, as you look out to 2017 and beyond, we're expanding our existing facilities and we're going to open new facilities, including our new plant in Costa Rica. We will get leverage as we increase that capacity, but for the short-term, for those two reasons I just mentioned, we're going to have some continued pressure on the gross margin line.
Matt J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: All right. Hi, good afternoon. I think, Mike, I think you talked about the mitral trial in Europe, 15 centers starting soon. Could you give us the number of patients and the length of follow-up for that trial?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks for the question, Glenn. No, we didn't lay that out. And some of that is somewhat variable still. So, it's not clear, it's going to depend much on how we do.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. When you put out the press release announcing the first implant, will we get that level of detail?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know that we'd put a press release out on the first implant. Well, I would say that would be unlikely. You are more likely to see updates at the clinical meetings. Our clinicians, they love to talk about their clinical results. So, that's where I'd expect an update. If we have something meaningful, we will certainly talk about it on our quarterly calls.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then one last question, did I hear you correctly that you've started litigation against Boston Scientific and their Lotus valve? And if so, are you enforcing  are those the Anderson patents that you're enforcing? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks. A matter of fact, there are cases. The litigation actually was initiated by Boston Scientific, which disappointed us. But in response, we have also filed litigation against them. So, there are going to be some European cases there that come to trial early next year.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi. Good afternoon, Mike and thanks for taking the questions. Is there an opportunity, kind of as revenues have grown so quickly, to see sort of more leverage on SG&A? And what I'm getting at it is, as the centers improve their productivity, you're not adding as many centers, is it kind of more efficient case coverage and therefore more leverage as you go over the next several quarters on the operating side?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks for that, Ben. Yeah, I think your assumption overall is a good one; if all of the growth were to come in transcatheter aortic valves, that certainly should be a source of leverage, because as you correctly note, there is a limited number of centers engaged. But remember, we're also pursuing a number of other growth opportunities that might require investments in SG&A. So, we hesitate to make long-term projections about the SG&A rate, because we don't have clarity on those other investments.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, Mike, you've mentioned a couple of small acquisitions in the quarter, maybe talk a little bit about what those are related to? And is there a particular area of technology innovation that's you're interested in for transcatheter specifically.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, these are transcatheter technologies that probably provide opportunities for us that are more long-term in nature. They include intellectual property and some know-how that we're very happy to get, and it's too early for us to share the particulars that are associated with that, but I think it's indicative of what you should expect from Edwards, which is we're going to continue to invest in next-generation systems, and even though we're enjoying a lot of success with SAPIEN 3 right now, we think we have the opportunity to make the next-generation technologies much better.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, one last quick one. Bruce tried to get you to give us a number for France if they raise the quota. Is there any kind of an estimate there? Is that a $5 million, $10 million, $20 million opportunity? Thank you
Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Corporate Vice President: It's Scott. We haven't given the number. It's mixed into the overall guidance range they we're talking about. So, bringing up guidance to $100 million including the second quarter results and we're just not going to get into how the model works, but it is in our guidance for the second half.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. And the other thing I will add is, we're still hopeful it doesn't come to that, our primary goal is to get the cap increase so that we can address patients that need the therapy.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Of course. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Josh Jennings with Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, good evening, gentlemen. Thanks a lot. I just wanted to ask about, I believe that MedStar is enrolling a low risk trial, single arm. Do you guys  I hate to ask you about it, a trial that you're not sponsoring, but do we know anything about enrollment and whether or not we'll see any data out of that trial in 2017 prior to entering enrollment of PARTNER III.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks for the question. But no, we're not a sponsor of that trial, so we really don't have insight much as to what they're doing. We're obviously focused on our PARTNER III Trial, that's what we think of greatest importance and has the opportunity to change the indication in the future.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. And just a follow-up question. I just wanted to ask about European guidelines. And my understanding is the timing for guideline update is next year for an intermediate risk. Is there any path for accelerated guideline update? And then just to follow-up on some of the questions about pre-intermediate risk approval utilization in those borderline cases in the U.S., any color on what's going on and what you expected to happen prior to the guideline update would be helpful? Thanks a lot.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Josh. In Europe, it's our expectation that that's going to be a pretty deliberate process. As we indicated, we submitted our data that came from PARTNER II and that we would expect a CE Mark to occur somewhere around the first of the year. But we think guidelines probably don't get changed till possibly the third quarter of next year. They have a pretty standard process they go through. Having said that, guideline changes are helpful in Europe, but they're also  it's going to be somewhat dependent on what their decisions are on a country-by-country base related to their reimbursement. In the U.S., probably the best guidance we have right now is what we just did for the quarter. As we try and project ahead and know exactly what clinicians would do, it's difficult for us to say. We hear a lot of positive messages, but we also believe that people are going to stay disciplined on indication and that our teams are the ones that are really driving the therapy adoption at this point. So, it's probably all the help that I can provide at this point.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well.
Operator: There are no questions at this time...
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thank you very much for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. So, let me turn it back to you, David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying growth rates, sales results excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13639912. I'll repeat those numbers, 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and the conference number is 13639912. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. And I will also add that the transcript will be post at the website as soon as we can get to it here this afternoon. Thank you very much.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations Michael Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Scott Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President
Analysts: Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan  Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC Bruce Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over Mr. David Erickson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson. You may now begin.
David Erickson: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our first quarter 2016 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO, and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that, during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance and current expectations for clinical, regulatory, and commercial matters, as well as therapy trends and foreign currency movements. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, as a quick reminder, that when we use the terms underlying, adjusted, and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, David. Say pardon the sketchiness of my voice. I'm just getting over a cold, but if my voice gives out, I'll ask for Scott to help me out. So lets jump into it. We are very pleased to report a strong start to 2016 with first quarter sales of $697 million, representing an underlying growth rate of 20%. Significant Transcatheter Heart Valves sales once again drove the majority of this quarter's growth, with solid performance in our core businesses, in particular Critical Care. We are also pleased to report strong bottom-line results while aggressively investing in new therapies that can have meaningful future impact. And most importantly, even more patients are benefiting from our life-saving therapies than ever before. In Transcatheter Heart Valves, global underlying sales were $366 million, up 38% over the prior year. Growth was led by continued strong therapy adoption in the U.S., globally, average selling prices remain stable. In the U.S., underlying THV sales for the quarter were $215 million and grew 64% versus the prior year. Our performance was driven primarily by procedure growth with continue - which continue to exceed our expectations. We saw this growth across both large and small TAVR sites and it was fueled by the recent U.S. launch of SAPIEN 3. We estimate modest share gain also contributed to our results. Following the end of the quarter, at the American College of Cardiology meeting, data from intermediate risk cohorts of two clinical studies were presented. The large randomized PARTNER II trial, which compared to SAPIEN XT Valve to surgery, met its primary endpoint to two years and demonstrated non-inferiority when compared to surgery. The second trial showed that SAPIEN 3 TAVR demonstrated clinical superiority to surgery at one-year on a composite endpoint, and also on individual assessments of all cause mortality and stroke. We are very proud of these robust data and believe they provide powerful evidence in favor of expanding the SAPIEN 3 technology to a broader population of patients with aortic stenosis. We remain on track to submit the final intermediate risk data sets to the FDA in the next couple of weeks. Based on the strength of these data, its possible for the approval for the approval to come earlier than expected, although it's difficult to predict regulatory timelines. We are now modeling an approval and launch at the beginning of the fourth quarter. As a reminder, intermediate risk patients continue to be treated with our continued access protocol of the PARTNER II trial, which has been tracking at about $10 million in sales per quarter. This would end as commercial sales begin. Enrollment in our PARTNER III trial began recently. This randomize trial will study SAPIEN 3 in more than 1200 low-risk and enrollment is expected to continue in 2017. We are pleased to receive a Pulmonic indication for SAPIEN XT this quarter. This will allow for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the U.S. who suffer from either a narrowed pulmonary valve or regurgitation caused by congenital heart disease. Outside the U.S., underlying THV sales grew 13% driven by ongoing therapy adoption in Europe and Japan. Also our SAPIEN 3 value was approved in the first quarter in Japan and we are currently in the process of training sites on this best-in-class value and preparation for rollout beginning next month. In Europe, we estimate the procedures continue to grow more than 20% in the first quarter compared to last year. We saw a strong growth across most countries and total procedures are becoming more disbursed throughout the region, with other countries growing faster than Germany. Edwards grew at a slower rate, and we estimate our market share decrease as competitors continue to broaden their product offerings. While difficult to estimate, we believe that more recent competitive entrance collectively realized a significant year-over-year growth rate, but account for approximately 15% or so of total procedures. As we previously mentioned, we plan to use our U.S. intermediate risk data to expand our CE Mark indication. These data will be submitted to European regulators in the next few weeks, with the expectation for approval of an expanded label in late 2016 or early 2017. Because some European countries have already been aggressive adopters of TAVR technology, overall, we expect the strong data reported at ACC to have a limited impact on European treatment rates until guidelines are updated, and where applicable, reimbursement is modified to cover the broader label. Our SAPIEN 3 Ultra System is still on track for CE Mark in the fourth quarter of this year. This new system, featuring and on-balloon delivery system and next-generation sheath technology, is expected to enhance ease-of-use, further reduce possible complications, and shorten procedure time. In summary, we continue to believe that TAVR provides an important and compelling therapy option for a large number of untreated elderly patients. Based primarily on the continuing strong therapy adoption of TAVR, we are increasing our 2016 sales guidance by $100 million, to $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. We now expect our underlying sales growth to exceed 25%. Turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group, sales for the first quarter were $196 billion, up slightly over last year on an underlying basis. Globally, sales were lifted by an increase in surgical heart valve units, which we believe was primarily driven by greater aortic disease awareness that prompted a larger number of surgical procedures. Our growth was offset by the ongoing exit of non-strategic cannula products. Sales of our premium products contributed to solid heart valve performance across the U.S., Europe, and Japan. Worldwide surgical aortic units grew approximately 7% and global average selling prices saw a slight decline. In Japan, we recently launched our tricuspid surgical valve repair product and have seen strong interest in this therapy. Weve been in discussion with the FDA regarding approval of our rapid deployment INTUITY Elite Valve and believe we remain on track for a mid-2016 launch in the U.S. Additionally in response to our application for a new technology add-on payment for INTUITY Elite, CMS has expressed concern that the technology may not meet certain eligibility criteria and our team is preparing a formal response. In summary, we are pleased with the strength of our premium surgical heart valve products. We continue to invest in this area and believe that surgery will continue to have a vital role for patients, even as TAVR expands. We are reiterating our 2016 underlying sales growth expectation for the total product group of 3% to 6% as we expect stronger second-half growth from INTUITY Elite launch in the U.S. and a diminishing impact from the exit of non-strategic cannula products. In the Critical Care product group, sales for the quarter were $134 million and grew 9% on an underlying basis. Overall growth for the quarter was strong in our core products and our enhanced surgical recovery program, which once again double-digit underlying sales growth across more  across most regions. Our sales this quarter benefited from the announced discontinuation of our legacy monitor that lifted replacement monitor sales. Our recent investments in U.S. sales resources also stimulated stronger adoption of our market-leading products. Overall, we are pleased with the continued adoption of enhanced surgical recovery and the strengthening of our core products and we continue to expect Critical Care underlying sales growth of 2% to 4% in 2016. Turning to our investments in structural heart initiatives, we continue to make progress on our FORMA system for reducing tricuspid regurgitation and on our CardiAQ Edwards transcatheter mitral valve platform, or TMVR, which we expect to be the first of multiple generations. In our early generation CardiAQ Edwards platform, we are already in the process of implementing several enhancements and we expect clinical updates to be presented later this year. Learnings from our experience in the U.S. early feasibility study now underway have informed our first CE Mark trial called the Relief trial, which is still on track to begin middle of this year. We remain committed to developing this therapy and, although commercialization timelines are still unclear, we continue to believe that innovative structural heart therapies will ultimately benefit patients with mitral valve disease, who arent well served today. And with that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thanks, Mike. This quarter our underlying sales were $696 million and grew 20% on an underlying basis, which exceeded our expectations for two reasons. First, strong THV sales drove performance to the top end of our guidance range, and second, strengthening foreign currencies since last quarter's guidance, contributed over $10 million. Reported sales, including the effects of foreign-exchange and the sales return reserve grew 18%, to $697 million. We have made strategic decisions about how to utilize savings from the two-year suspension of the medical device excise tax. The suspension provided us flexibility to reinvest in research and development, for example, by accelerating investments in structural heart initiatives. We also made a special $5 million contribution to the Edwards Lifesciences Foundation, in support of the Every Heartbeat Matters initiative. This initiative is focused on addressing the global burden of heart valve disease in underserved people. The $5 million contribution is reflected in the Other expense line of our income statement. Adjusted earnings per share in the quarter grew 25% versus prior-year to $0.71, primarily driven by our THV sales performance and reflects solid leverage. This growth was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign-exchange, increased research and development investments, and our charitable contribution. I'll now cover the details behind our results, including guidance for the remainder of the year. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 74.1%, compared to 77% in the same period last year. This decrease, which we expected, was driven primarily by the foreign-exchange impact from inventory sold internationally and higher spending in our global manufacturing operations, partially offset by a more profitable product mix. To accommodate our increased sales demand going forward, we are investing in manufacturing capacity, which will negatively impact our gross profit margin for the remainder of 2016. Combined with a lower than expected benefit from FX contracts, we now expect our full-year gross profit rate, excluding special items, to be between 73% and 74%. First quarter selling, general and administrative expenses increased 5% over the prior year to $213 million or 30.5% of sales. This increase was driven primarily by sales and marketing expenses related to transcatheter valves and personnel-related expenses. This was partially offset by the suspension of the medical device excise tax, as well as the favorable FX impact on our expenses outside the U.S. We continue to expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 30% and 32% of sales for the full-year. Research and development investments in the quarter increased 19% over the prior-year to $102 million or 14.7% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter mitral and aortic valve programs and a lower than normal spend in the prior-year quarter. The suspension of the medical device excise tax provided additional flexibility to accelerate investments in structural heart initiatives this quarter. We continue to expect our research and development investments, excluding special items, to be approximately 16% of sales for the full-year. During the first quarter, we recorded $12.2 million in intellectual property-related expenses, which have been excluded from adjusted earnings per share. The expenses include the resolution of an IT matter and expenses related to ongoing litigation against Neovasc in the United States, and with Boston Scientific, where we now have multiple litigation matters in the U.S. and Europe. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 22%, down from 24.1% in the prior year period. This decrease was driven largely by our manufacturing sourcing strategy. We now expect our full-year tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 22% and 23%. Foreign-exchange rates decreased first quarter sales by $9 million compared to the prior year. At current rates, which have been volatile, we now estimate minimal impact to full-year 2016 sales, compared to the prior year. This is $55 million less than the impact we estimated last quarter. Compared to our February guidance, foreign-exchange rates had less than a $0.01 impact on earnings per share in the first quarter. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $79 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $107 million less capital spending of $28 million. Turning to the balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash and equivalents, and short-term investments of approximately $950 million. Total debt was approximately $600 million. In February 2016, we entered into accelerated share repurchase agreements for $325 million. Upon entering into the agreements, we received and retired an initial delivery of 3.2 million shares. As a result, average shares outstanding during the quarter declined to $218 million. We continue to expect average diluted shares outstanding for 2016 of $216 million to $220 million. Turning to our 2016 guidance. We now expect full-year sales to be between $2.7 billion and $3 billion, an increase from last quarter's guidance of more than $100 million at the midpoint of the range. This increase reflects an anticipated $55 million of improvements from foreign-exchange, as well as higher expectations for THV, as a result of strong momentum in the first quarter, the strength of the PARTNER II presented at ACC, and a planned earlier U.S. indication expansion for SAPIEN 3. We now expect THV sales of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. Our sales guidance for surgical heart valves in Critical Care remain unchanged. We continue to expect sales for surgical heart valves within the range of $780 million to $820 million and for Critical Care within the range of $510 million to $550 million. With today's increase in sales guidance, we now expect our adjusted earnings per share to be between $2.67, $2.77. We expect the earnings per share drop through of today's sales guidance increase to be lower than last quarter's, due to a lower benefit from foreign-exchange contracts, increased performance-based compensation, and increased expenses associated with the expansion of manufacturing capacity. For the second quarter of 2016 at current foreign-exchange we project sales to be between $700 million and $740 million and adjusted earnings per share to be between $0.67 and $0.73. Finally for full-year 2016, given our expected improved operating performance. We now expect free cash flow excluding special items to be between $500 million and $600 million. So with that I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Scott. In conclusion, our strong start to 2016 positions us well for another successful year. Were enthusiastic about the continued expansion of transcatheter based therapies for the many structural heart patients still in need, and we are confident in our outlook for strong sales growth and we remain passionate about developing impactful therapies to help more patients around the world. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions please reenter the queue and will answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we are ready for questions please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Rick Wise of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Rick Wise: Good evening, Mike and congrats another terrific quarter. I guess for question one you are going to submit the final intermediate risk data soon to FDA. Are you know thinking potential approval at the start of the fourth quarter. Can you talk just a little more have you had any dialogue with the FDA and approval does come earlier as I think everybody would hope that would. How quickly could you be ready to fully rollout intermediate risk program or you be ready instantly I mean obviously products approved.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Yes, thanks Rick. Appreciate it. Yes, it's tough to predict the FDA. What we've said is for modeling purposes to assume an October 1st launch that's what's in our guidance estimates and you can take it from there; of course we're talking FDA all the time and we don't get into the specifics of that, but one of things that you should be aware of is that old out of second - one of the things to be thinking about here is that when you say they're going to give us the approval early excuse me sorry Rick I'm just I am composing myself here voice back.
Rick Wise: Take you time. 
Michael Mussallem: So the approval is likely to come. I think as we suggest that it's tough to know we have regular dialogue with the FDA about it. Remember that this is a product that's already approved and in the hands of hospitals. So given that that's the case this is only an indication expansion. We will be training our team and our sites on how to handle that to make sure that they indicate the proper patients for this, but other that we expect to be ready for the launch. With big production increase of course that's a bit of a strain on our manufacturing operations but we expect to be able to handle all that. Thanks.
Rick Wise: And just one follow-up for Scott if I could, Scott maybe a talk little more about the inventory drag, because of the OUS inventory when does it run off and when will be manufacturing investments realize and maybe gross margin expansion benefit. Thanks.
Scott Ullem: Sure. So it's actually not its inventories outside of the U.S. that have been replaced by. higher value inventories with the strengthening of the U.S. to higher value inventories with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. So we call last year in 2015 we had protection as foreign currencies weakened and so our gross profit margin rate was higher than it would have otherwise been now that we've depleted those inventories and theyre being replaced by U.S. dollar denominated inventories, were now seeing that come through in our lower gross margin. And just to give you some detail on that our gross margin was about 290 basis points lower, 380 basis points of that was related to this inventory phenomenon. There was another 70 basis points reduction from operations including some manufacturing capacity expansion. And then the mix improvement helped gross margin by about 200 basis points.
Rick Wise: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Lewis of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
David Lewis: Good afternoon. Maybe two questions, maybe one for Mike and then give Mike a rest and give one for Scott. But Mike just thinking about revenue guidance for the remainder of the year. You know I think I guess the first question is, have you seen any appreciable change in the market sort of post ACC. And if you think about the guidance, which obviously was raised it again. It still implies some of the deceleration into the back half of the year. Is there anything, we should be thinking about other than the difficult timeline of the FDA approval. And I have a quick one for Scott.
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Thanks David. Im not sure that we could say we really saw anything change post ACC. I mean think about for a quarter we just reported its the 64% growth and we said the bulk of that is a growing market. So the U.S. market is growing fast and its tough to pick out whether it's changed very much. When we say that there is a pick up, when we added a $100 million to transcatheter heart valves, there was - there is several things in there some of that includes the earlier FDA. But also we do expect that the momentum coming out of Q1 and just a positive data out of ACC also contributed to that. So thats all rolled into our guidance and that's helpful.
David Lewis: Okay, perfect. And then Scott weve come back to the question you've asked several times this is around SG&A. And you know the gap between SG&A and revenue growth widened again this quarter. I think it was nine points in 2015 and widened again here in the first quarter. I guess what narrows the gap in the near term? Or is it just going to be a lumpy where we see sort of a widening gap between revenue growth and SG&A. During market expansion periods and then sort of the opposite, opposite there after?
Scott Ullem: Yes, well. David were trying carefully to manage growth in SG&A expenses as you know. And so the longer we can do that and the longer we can maintain that difference between growth rate in sales and growth rate in SG&A the better. That said we do have some headwinds coming out in 2016 relating to SG&A and so we're trying to manage through those. But generally we think we're on the right trajectory.
David Lewis: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mike Weinstein of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Mr. Weinstein your line is live. 
Michael Weinstein: Can you hear me now?
Michael Mussallem: We can hear you.
Michael Weinstein: Perfect, sorry I thought you could hear me the first time, I apologize. Mike sorry to hear you are not sounding so good. But hope you feel better. So, Mike the question people care about most is kind of what's going to change post PARTNER II. And in addition to the feedback that you've gotten from the clinical community. Just number one obviously to the overall results and your thoughts about the treatment of intermediate risk patients. And two the willingness to change treatment patterns or practice patterns prior to the actual FDA label change?
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks for that. And thanks I actually feel better than I sound. So you know post ACC. There people are obviously feeling very good about, weve got an incredible amount of very positive feedback from clinicians and you know much of what they appreciate most, is that they have got this really solid large piece of high quality data that they can rely on for decision making. And I keep hearing that over and over again. I don't know what it changes on day-to-day practice. I think because there's an NCD in place, people try to stay - people try and stay pretty disciplined. But as we know there's not a bright line between high risk patients and intermediate risk patients. And we wonder if in these sort of borderline patients, if these heart teams will decide to say hey borderline patients. If these heart teams will decide to say hey, thats a good thing I think that person is close enough to the high risk and we would deem it that way. So I would expect some of that to happen, but as I point out, the market is already grown in a pretty healthy pace here and weve taken guidance up more, so it tells you about our confidence in the future.
Michael Weinstein: So let me ask just on the guidance update, and Mike can get a rest on this one, but at the $0.10 increase in guidance by incorporate the beat on the quarter relative to say the midpoint of your range, so lets call out of a  we have $0.04 beat versus the mid-point, so $0.06 increase in guidance for the balance of the year. How much of that is the increase in your TAVR projections and what's the impact from FX versus your guidance after the fourth quarter call? Thanks.
Scott Ullem: Sure. So in terms of sales TAVR increase is $100 million. In terms of total sales increase, it's about $55 million dollars of FX due to the weaken of the U.S. dollar since February. So in terms of earnings, the benefit of that THV sales growth has fallen through to the bottom line, but it's offset by several different factors, some in cost of sales and some in SG&A. But principally the improvement to the bottom line Mike is due to the THV sales increase.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And then Scott just left things, so if I look at the incremental operating margin on your revenues this quarter and think about it over the balance of the year. That incremental drop through increases or decreases in your view?
Scott Ullem: So there is going to be a decrease drop through in the later part of the year, because some things have changed since our first quarter. As we've looked at the incremental boost that we see in the momentum we see in TAVR, weve decided to take some pretty aggressive action around increasing our manufacturing capacity. And that Ill give you couple of specific examples. We are really actively at all of our facilities around the world now, accelerating our recruiting and our hiring, training. We are running significant over time costs and we're also investing in the infrastructure in each of our locations to meet demand. And so these are couple of reasons why we're getting less drop through now than we did in the first quarter. We've also decided to pull forward into 2016 some expenses to start a new Greenfield production facility for valves.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on a good quarter. Sorry, Mike I have a couple of question for you, I apologies.
Michael Mussallem: Okay.
Larry Biegelsen: So the OUS TAVR sales I think were about $150 million up about I think you said 13%. What is the guidance assume for the rest of the year for international TAVR growth and does the intermediate risk data, the Ultra launch later this year I believe and CENTERA launches, CENTERA launches that later next year accelerate that in 2017. So basically my question is how should we think about your OUS TAVR growth going forward and I had a follow-up. Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: Okay, thanks. Larry, weve anticipated probability that those OUS growth rates stay relatively consistent for the rest of the year. I mean the good news is here Europe is still growing in our estimation more than 20%, we are seeing nice expansion in Japan, but we don't think that you're going to see a lot of people aggressively treating intermediate risk patients. We've had some people that are already aggressive adopters like in Germany, that probably have already gone to the place where they ignore euro score, focus more on heart team judgment and consider age as a factor when they assess risk. But in the other countries, we believe that they're going to probably wait for the indication expansion for the changing of guidelines and particularly in places where reimbursement exists. That will be a factor because unless reimbursement expands it will limit the expansion. So we're a little conservative about that having any really quick uptake OUS.
Larry Biegelsen: But Mike Im trying to just understand more broadly, your OUS growth has slowed a little bit. And so is where  if we look even beyond 2016 do you think you can accelerate sales again or is it just we get into the lot of big numbers here, where it might be  it's good growth, but it might just kind of saw big numbers here where it might be its good growth but it might just kind of taper off over time.
Michael Mussallem: I think what happened Larry is it probably does flatten to some extent, but where it gets the left is when there is an indication expansion. So for example we get formally got intermediate risk we think that will be a pickup in the growth rate OUS and a matter of fact you know later on when we think when we get lower risk patients that will be another kick-up, but we think that those will happen in kind of steps if you will and that where - we're at a point now where we've had high risk approved for a number of years OUS.
Larry Biegelsen: So Mike I am really apologize so I am going to another question, but I hope you understand the spirit of the question but one of the most common questions - the stocks have about 40% year-to-date. After a few good years of performance its well appreciated now I think that the intermediate risk data was strong and the opportunities large. So probably the most common question, I get nowadays is why should I buy on the stock now after such a great run. So my question for you is Mike what do you say to investors who don't own the stock today and say you know I missed it all the good news is priced in? Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, well you know we've indicated Larry that we thank the transcatheter aortic valve market first and foremost. It is more than $5 billion opportunity once you get out. Just a few years from where we are right now. We think that there is more and more evidence to believe that that is real. And we're on a pathway to we think clearly get intermediate risk. Before the end of this year and then just a few years out we'd like to think that we're going to be successful for our low risk trial. I think broadly and this is been consistent over the years. There's been an underestimation of the number of people that don't have their aortic stenosis treated. And those people will continue to come off the sidelines as you have are really effective and safe procedure for them and that's first and foremost. Beyond that we love our core businesses and Surgical Heart Valves and Critical Care we think they're going to grow nicely at above market rates and we've got quite a pipeline filled with really exciting new opportunities that's all be it will have risk, but also have very big market opportunities all of these opportunities to be able to treat structural heart disease with catheter-based technologies. And those are significant each by themselves and will get a chance to play that out. So we're very bullish about our future and even though. We've had a great run. I don't think that we're close to having. All of the potential good things that could happen being reflected in our value.
Scott Ullem: Larry Ill add one additional perspective from a financial point of view which is even despite all of the investments we're making to expand the market, expand therapy, development, grow, require capacity to meet demand. We're still getting good P&L leverage and so we expect that the earnings power of this company will continue to improve and we're generating significant cash flow.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking my questions guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Roman of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Roman: Thank you. Good afternoon. I just want to clarify one of the responses you gave to Larry's dilutive questions on international. When you said growth rates flat now you referring to the rate of growth are you actually expecting your international tabby business to grow to actually to flatten out. Before you see reacceleration from a new indication.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I guess all I was indicating is its already flattening compared to what we had seen in the past. When we tried to be consistent here we've been talking about Europe thats growing plus 20% so that's pretty substantial growth right. And that's flattened from where it was not long ago that's all it was indicating David.
David Roman: Okay. So just sort of the rate of growth. And then maybe just a follow-up on your comments around the U.S. market I think as we look back to the February call that is or your view around the strength of the U.S. market maybe turned out to be more related to your own performance to the respect market your game by the time Medtronic report it sounds like your commentary here is similar to what you provided in February? Can you maybe just help us understand now that you have the benefit of looking back over the past several months. How much of this do you think is market share again versus what would appear to be acceleration in market growth from what was reported in the fourth calendar quarter?
Michael Mussallem: You know David we believe that the vast majority of the growth that we enjoy that was procedure your growth. So, broadly that the vast majority of the growth that we enjoy that was procedure growth. So broadly across the market, we say there is some modest share gain in the U.S. But that's really not the principle story.
David Roman: Okay. And then lastly just on the margin side for Scott I mean understanding that you're pulling forward some of these investments in manufacturing to build out capacity. When do we kind of reach a conclusion on that because the dynamic around favorable product mix would seem like your gross margin should be able to get out of that range it seems stuck in but we just haven't seen that on a reported basis now.
Scott Ullem: That's a good question. We expect that we get more leverage in cost of sales as some of these remediation investments that we made last year started to roll off. And we are almost through all those remediation activities that were shorter term in nature. But now with this significantly increased expectations around sales and volume requirements we're really having to invest heavily in facilities, capacity and all of the expenses I mentioned earlier around labor. So I'd like to say that that this is all going to go away but I think for the foreseeable future we're going to continue to invest in order to support the top line growth.
David Roman: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jason Mills of Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
Jason Mills: Thanks, guys for taking the question. I apologize for the background noise. I am traveling. Scott, sticking with the operating leverage question back of the envelope but Im probably off a little bit here it looks like you are spending taking the opportunity to spend away perhaps as much as 100 to 120 basis points of operating margin this year. That you maybe could have captured vis--vis the TAVI upside that are spending in these investments that youve talked about it. As you think about moving forward I understand you're not going to give guidance for 2017. Do you start to capture some of that leverage that you're sort of taking away from the business this year vis--vis the investments next year or does it take longer than that?
Scott Ullem: Well, I think we're already capturing it, which is why you're seeing a significant drop through from sales growth into our earnings per share and obviously we want to make that wider and really leverage our scale around these investments that we're making in both gross margin and SG&A. So I won't say that those investments are going to stop and all the sudden we are going to have a materially different P&L. But I will say that we are continuing to get leverage out of these investments and really trying to control growth in expenses as we grow revenue.
Jason Mills: Got it. But is it fair to say that you are making investments that otherwise your gross  your operating margin at the top end of the guidance right now looks to be somewhere around 28% would be a 100 and 120 basis points higher. Is that match in the ballpark?
Scott Ullem: I think maybe I can answer it this way. I think overall operating margins from 2015 to 2016 should go up by around a 100 basis point and so without trying to break it down quarter-by-quarter or by line item SG&A versus R&D that may be one way to get at your question.
Jason Mills: Okay. Thank you. And then Mike maybe just as a follow up for you. What did you see in terms of new centers that commenced SAPIEN practices during the quarter whether you want to talk about U.S. or globally and could you also maybe preview for us some things to come at your PCR? Thanks for taking the questions guys. Congrats on a great quarter.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks Jason. Yes, I think what we said before is that we expect around 400 sites, we expect that to increase maybe 10% or 40 sites during 2016. I think we are out of path to do that. So I don't know the precise number for Q1. But I think it's pretty consistent with that sort of a ramp. In terms of PCR I don't know that you're going to see anything like you saw at ACC, where you are going to see those kind of large trials. I'm sure they're going to be a lot of transcatheter heart valve papers and news. But Im not expecting anything that's major that really is going to cause - really change in terms of behavior at least not in my mind. 
Jason Mills: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Raj Denhoy of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Raj Denhoy: Hi, good afternoon. I wonder if I could maybe ask a bit about mitral you gave a little bit of an update in terms of still beginning the trial this year. But also that you're looking to make some changes to the valves of CardiAQ Valve and I'm just curious in the last few months, if your thoughts have changed really on the timing or how long it will take to get a viable valve to market?
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, thanks Raj. I have to say going into this year I would consider it a major victory, if we could stay on path to begin a CE Mark trial by midyear and I was always pleased to report that we're actually doing that. There's an awful lot that goes on behind the scenes as we try to indicate. We're implementing a number of enhancements to that CardiAQ platform is really one of our earliest versions of this transcatheter valve. But we still have a lot to learn, so we're going to be jumping in this trial, we are enthusiastic about getting into the trial, but we have to admit we're on a steep learning curve and we're putting a priority. Im getting that clinical experience because as we get that it gives us so much more guidance in terms of how we ought to be running the program. So as we try to say a lot of uncertainty and timelines at this point because of  because how early it is with these programs, but we're pleased with where we are right now.
Raj Denhoy: Okay. Maybe I could just ask one about Europe as well, you did mention competition remains so easy even getting worse there in pricing, seems like it's getting worse as well. Maybe you could just offer a bit about how you are doing in that environment for a while when [indiscernible] commanded a premium or still is able to hold a premium price in a lot of European markets. Is that still the case, do you expect you're going to have to start to concede a bit on price in order to hold share there. Maybe some thoughts about the European market would be helpful?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well thanks for that. Yes. What I tried to indicate in the prepared remarks Raj was we indicated that the newer entrants, we estimated that and it's really hard to estimate because there is not any really good external source, so we pieced together a lot of things, but we estimate that somewhere in the neighborhood of 15% of that European share that these competitors would have. I think when we reported that number in Q1 of last year, so year-over-year it was around 10%. So there was about a 5% movement there. That's what I was trying to reflect in my remarks. In terms of how we're behaving, we're really not changing our pricing practices. We have  our pricing has been very stable. We do have some very small downward drift, but that's purely based on volume discounts and it's been consistent with what we've been doing. And we continue to have a substantial price premium versus competitors. I don't know where it is, but it's  our estimate is in the 10% to 20% range.
Raj Denhoy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Bruce Nudell of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Bruce Nudell: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the call. Scott a question for you and then a follow-up to Mike. We did some math today and looked at what you guys have spent on structural heart since the PVT acquisition. It looks like 1.5 billion to 2 billion bucks through 2015, and just could you  just kind of give us how you think about that in the context of ramping up on mitral and tricuspid program and what that means and how you will gate it with regards to either keeping R&D is a constant percent of revenue or keeping the absolute dollar amount in check?
Scott Ullem: Yes, it's a little bit of both. We are very deliberate and how we stage and sequence investments in these new growth platforms and opportunities. So similar to the development of the SAPIEN platform in the family of valves and we invested significantly on the way in developing clinical evidence, while also investing in actual new product design and we are intended to do the same thing when you look at things like our transcatheter mitral valve program and even form on the tricuspid side. And so our strategy is really unchanged, it's been very disciplined, but also to be long-term oriented in the way we invest in new product technologies and then commercialize those and really generate topline growth that turns into earnings.
Michael Mussallem: Im just going to just pile out a little bit to your question, when I think about the $1.5 billion I mean part of what encourages us to make that investment as we saw a lot of green lights along the way. And when you see an opportunity thats significant, then it's what encourages to do that spending. If we didn't see that, obviously we're not obligated to have that kind of sense. So this was sort of incremental spend each step of the way.
Bruce Nudell: Oh sure. And but just looking forward Mike to Europe once again everybody's focused on it. Do you feel that CENTERA or some other product innovation or maybe just the strength of your clinical data and warning able you to kind of whole share in your clinical data we will enable you to kind of the whole share in Europe which is you know pretty robust market still.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, as you point out Bruce, since it's very competitive marketplace there's at least, five or six competitors and we have by far of the strong share leadership we're very proud of that and we expect that to endure over time. And as you say part of the way that we're going to do that is with our new product introductions. So SAPIEN 3 has been fantastic but we're certainly not going to stop there behind that is ultra and then more yet and as you properly point out CENTERA. So we don't intend to stop improving this therapy we think there's still a long way for it to go and we think that's going to separate us. I think it's going to challenge our competitors to be able to keep pace.
Bruce Nudell: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kristen Stewart of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kristen Stewart: Hi, thanks for taking my question. If you could just focus on the surgical valve business. or surgical heart valve therapy business and if you could just break out what the impact of discontinued was?
Scott Ullem: I'll take that Kristen. So recall last year we had guided to $10 to $20 million in total discontinued sales and by the end of last year we had achieved about $15 million of that there's probably another $5 million or so to come in 2016 or more to the tail end of it. It will probably show up most in the first half less in the second half. But that's how the discontinued operations are proceeding.
Kristen Stewart: Just like to $2 million of quarter or so not that significant.
Scott Ullem: Yes, it's not significant and again it's more first half weighted than second half weighted for the remaining $5 million or so to be discontinued.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. And then more broadly key just maybe speak to different dynamics in the U.S. versus Europe and if you've seen any change in surgical heart valve patterns whether it be in Germany or not just you know growth rates as a transcatheter valve had rolled out waiting youve seen thus far in accounts?
Michael Mussallem: Maybe I could make a quick comment here Kristen. So overall I think as we correctly as you pointed out aortic units we're grew great once again this quarter I think was up around 7% and they were up in a combination of U.S., Europe and Japan. So the big geographies are still growing. I think of probably most impacted in Germany but even in Germany the surgical valve business remained robust for us and we feel like the addition of product like INTUITY which we have there help us continue to maintain the growth rate.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. So the reason why that line excess is only growing modestly is that more pricing them should think about it in that contracts?
Michael Mussallem: What's growing modestly I'm sorry.
Scott Ullem: I'll take it the actual valve business grew about 7% in the first quarter. It was offset by this discontinuation of the non-strategic cannula products. So that the core valve business continues to grow nicely.
Kristen Stewart: In sales dollars?
Scott Ullem: In sales dollars, yes.
Kristen Stewart: And units, okay.
Scott Ullem: And you have both its sales and units you know the pricing and surgical valves is generally over the years been stable. So we're seeing still attractive unit volume growth.
Kristen Stewart: Okay perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matt Miksic of UBS. Please go ahead.
Michael Mussallem: Matt, we are not hearing you.
Matt Miksic: Can you hear me, okay.
Michael Mussallem: Yes.
Matt Miksic: Yes, I don't know what happened here to my headset sorry about that. So I had a couple of longer-term questions. Mike if you could just maybe help sketch out how they have their opportunities are folding and what some of these other opportunities might be longer-term. So the first on these category segments of patients that we've talked a lot about high risk intermediate low and how I think most folks yourself included is get out in December talked about. Yes maybe less than 25% high risk and maybe a third is intermediate maybe half as low one. As we get into this you also mentioned that high risk is you know as we're discovering, maybe a bit bigger than we thought - patients coming in or patients are sicker you know they are mid single-digit STS. But they're actually quite sicker  after sicker, they are mid single-digit STS but they're actually quite sicker. Do you see any of that happening here as we get into intermediate risk and could we start seeing kind of a larger front half of the market if you will and maybe an easing back half if you want to think about it that way. And then I had one follow up.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, you know I don't know that this is going to unfold over a matter of months. But if weve watched it unfold over a matter of years, I wouldn't be surprised if there is much more life to this Matt. You know we defined people with their [indiscernible] by looking at people that received open heart surgery to have their valve replaced. And now that we have this catheter based option, we learn that there is many more patients out there and we're still learning that it's a disease that is under diagnosed and in many cases even when it is diagnosed its under treated. And so we're still on a steep learning curve there. We think that that could go on for a while and we're still continuing to find up sides if you will that could be very meaningful. I think the key is for us to have a very safe procedure, you know when we talk about this you know the past notions were you had to have severe aortic stenosis and symptoms. I think everything will be challenged in the future when you have a procedure that's you know under 1% mortality and 1% stroke at 30 days it starts getting interesting to say what should be my course of treatment.
Matt Miksic: And then the - that's helpful. And a follow-up is on this question of durability. Another kind of long term question for the market. And clinicians we have spoken to seems that are increasingly be you know bringing up the idea of valve and valve as the potential answer to long-term durability in much the way it's the answer for surgical tissue valves over time. And just wondering if that's something, well hear more about in terms of your clinical programs or product designs or how you think about that. You know the idea of sort of replacement tab or over the long term being part of this market.
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks for that Matt. You know I think as it has been demonstrated valve and valve really is a good option down the road for a number of patients but that's not the way we're really approaching this. We'd really like to demonstrate that transcatheter heart valves and hopefully as we continue to introduce valves, we're able to do this that have them last a long time. We're fortunate to say that now and tens of thousands of patients have been in studies, we really havent seen a signal that indicates that structural valve deterioration is an issue. So we're encouraged by that, but we still have a ways for it to play out, but no I don't think that the primary answer is going to be valve and valve. I think that we should be able to develop valves that have some pretty reasonable durability.
Matt Miksic: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Danielle Antalffy of Leerink. Please go ahead.
Danielle Antalffy: Hey, good afternoon guys. Thanks so much for taking the question and congrats on another great quarter. Mike I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about reimbursement intermediate risk and how you just think about timing for that, what needs to happen on the reimbursement side once we get the FDA approval and whether that might be a barrier to adoption here in the near and medium term?
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Danielle. So the way that the NCD is written with a label change automatically comes a reimbursement. So it's really coverage to label the way the NCD is designed, so if that continues as this we would expect with intermediate risk that accounts can very simply continue to do what they've done in the past. Now in Europe and other regions guidelines are probably have to change first and then remember reimbursement is really managed on a country by country basis. So each country will have to go through that process and that will be what it is. We've been able to manage through that in the past, but we think that to take some time.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay. And what about the requirement for you need a surgeon, you need multiple nurses I believe I dont have any exact numbers, but within the NCD and whether that just from a capacity perspective could be a limiting factor and what you're seeing hospitals do to maybe work around that to increase volumes and take in the increasing number of patients that inevitably will occur with intermediate risk?
Michael Mussallem: That remains the same, we are still operating under the NCD, so if your question will the NCD change that's a different question, we've not request reopening of the NCD. So we'll continue to operate under the same requirements as the current one.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay and last question for you on the surgical valve side of things obviously with intermediate risk eventually hopefully a low risk. How do you look at the long-term outlook for the surgical valve business I mean you know were talking to some doctors saying 80% of intermediate risk patients will be getting a TAVR within 12 months now that those are high volume docs, but what is the outlook long-term for surgical valves in the context of a growing TAVR market. Thanks so much.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks for that. We think that that will indeed happen that patients with isolated aortic stenosis more and more going to be treated with TAVR instead of surgery. But this is there's still going to be - this will be a slow process low risk is still going to be treated by surgery. And that over time there are a number of things that are underlying trends that cause us to believe that surgical valves will continue to grow. There is an aging global demographics. There is a lot of patients internationally that don't get access to technology today. There are some really exciting surgical innovations coming like INTUITY and more they are still patients getting mechanical valves if you can believe it but I imagine what sources of tissue over time. So there's a number of factors and we're going to help try and fill that. So we're optimistic that we're still going to have a positive growth rate even though there is going to be a very significant move up TAVR into intermediate risk patients.
Danielle Antalffy: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next questions is from Glenn Novarro of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Glenn Novarro: Hi, good afternoon guys. Two questions. First has to do with the ability of the U.S. TAVR centers to absorb the influx of intermediate patients. Since ACC we've done a lot of checks in it. It seems like U.S. TAVR centers have been anticipating the intermediate label and have been making plans to expand their capacity, but Mike I just wanted to hear from you have you been hearing consistent type of feedback as youve been traveling since ACC and I guess I'm asking just because I want to make sure that you know once the intermediate label is added in the United States we don't start to see bottlenecks it U.S. centers thats question one. And then question two is you're going to be. We're going to seen any new mitral data at PCR from Edwards. Thank you.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Glenn. Like you as you know each side has their own unique issue, but we've been really impressed with the ability to hospitals to add capacity and we expect that they're going to continue to do it. Even with the expansion of guidance that we provided for 2016. The capacity increase for an average hospital in the U.S. is relatively small probably less than 10%. So we really don't think that the capacity increase for hospitals are probably a constraint in the near-term and we don't get a lot of signals back from our hospital customers that they're overly concerned about it. They seem to have something in the works in most places. As it relates to mitral valve we don't expect any major clinical updates at Europe PCR and I would guess they'll be some incremental information share, but remember we're in an early feasibility trial. So there's really no major clinical updates to share at this time. I would have thought I cared later in the year.
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Thank you. End of Q&A
Operator: Okay well, thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that back to you David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying growth rates, sales results, excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or area 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13633520. I'll repeat those numbers, 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, and the conference number is 13627415 and the conference number is 13633520. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President
Analysts: David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC Matt J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson. You may now begin.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our fourth quarter 2015 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO, and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that, during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, financial guidance and current expectations for clinical, regulatory, and commercial matters, as well as therapy trends. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found in our press release, our 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, as a quick reminder, that when we use the terms underlying, adjusted, and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David. We're very pleased to report strong fourth quarter results, which exceeded our expectations and contributed to another successful year both in financial performance and progress on important new therapies. We exited the year with total global sales of $2.5 billion, representing an underlying growth rate of 17%, which is higher than we predicted a year ago. And just recently, we were pleased to receive FDA approval of our PARTNER 3 Trial to study patients determined to be at low surgical risk, which may eventually enable heart teams to offer choice of therapies to a broader group of patients. For the quarter, total underlying sales grew to $267 million, an increase of 15%. Results were driven by robust demand for TAVR therapy and the strong performance of all product lines this quarter. In Transcatheter Heart Valves, full-year global sales were $1.2 billion, up 38% over the prior year on an underlying basis. We exceeded our original estimate of 15% to 25% provided a year ago, primarily due to the early approval of SAPIEN 3 in the U.S. and the more rapid than expected therapy adoption in Europe. For the fourth quarter, underlying global sales were up 32% over last year, led by the impact of SAPIEN 3 in the U.S. and double-digit underlying sales growth across all regions. Globally, average selling prices remain stable. In the U.S., underlying THV sales for the quarter grew 50% versus the prior year to $189 million. Our performance was driven by procedure growth, which was unexpectedly strong during the holiday season, and has not been our typical experience. We estimate that Edwards' growth was similar to the overall procedure growth. Nearly, all of our existing accounts are now using our SAPIEN 3 valve. Growth was primarily driven by large hospitals and new site training continued during the fourth quarter, finishing the year with approximately 400 active centers. Our recently introduced 20 millimeter SAPIEN 3 valve was also a contributor. We believe the strong growth and adoption of TAVR in the U.S. was driven by the growing body of clinical evidence, increased physician experience, and high procedural success. Many hospitals are responding to the increased demand by modifying their schedules to perform more procedures each week. We see this trend continuing as TAVR provides an attractive therapy option for a large number of untreated elderly patients. We expect these patients will be encouraged to seek treatment as indications expand, which is the primary driver behind our belief that the global TAVR opportunity will exceed $5 billion in 2021. Outside the U.S., underlying THV sales grew double-digits in all regions aided by the continued rollout of SAPIEN XT in Japan. We estimate our OUS growth was roughly in line with overall therapy adoption. In Europe, we estimate that therapy adoption grew more than 20% and our sales growth was somewhat lower. Our sales growth was primarily lifted by the continued adoption of SAPIEN 3. We estimate that more recent competitors continue to account for approximately 15% of total procedures. We saw strong growth across most countries and total procedures are becoming more dispersed throughout the region, with other countries growing faster than Germany for the past couple of quarters. Generally, reimbursement trends remain stable allowing for continued growth and adoption. In 2016, expanding the indication to treat intermediate risk patients remains a key focus. We expect data from the intermediate risk cohorts in two studies to be presented at the American College of Cardiology Meeting in April, a randomized study of SAPIEN XT versus surgery and a study of SAPIEN 3. As we indicated at our Investor Conference, assuming positive results and an expedited FDA review, we're planning for a late 2016 U.S. approval and a minimal contribution to sales this year. We expect our Continued Access Program for intermediate risk patients in the U.S. to continue until commercial approval. We plan to use the U.S data in a CE Mark submission in Europe. And as I mentioned earlier, we received FDA approval to study an expanded indication for the SAPIEN 3 valve. The IDE study will enroll elderly patients at least 65 years of age with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis who've been determined by a heart team to be at low risk for mortality if they were to undergo surgical aortic valve replacement. The PARTNER 3 Trial will enroll approximately 1,300 patients at up to 50 sites and we're working now to secure IRB and contract approvals at those hospitals. Enrollment is expected to continue into 2017, and while we believe this procedure will be attractive to low risk patients, randomized trials typically take longer to enroll. The SAPIEN 3 trial will also include a 400 patient sub study using advanced imaging to evaluate leaflet motion in surgical and transcatheter tissue valves. We're looking forward to introducing our SAPIEN 3 Ultra System, which is on track for CE Mark in the fourth quarter of this year. This new system, featuring an on-balloon delivery system and next-generation sheath technology, is expected to enhance ease of use, further reduce possible complications, and shorten procedure time. We also remain on track with our efforts to add the Pulmonic indication to our SAPIEN family of valves. During the first quarter, we expect to receive approval and launch SAPIEN XT for this indication and then begin enrolling patients in a clinical trial for the SAPIEN 3 in Q2. In summary, based on our momentum, and the expectation of continued therapy adoption, we are increasing our 2016 THV global sales estimate by $100 million to $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. We now expect our underlying sales growth in 2016 to be in the range of 15% to 25%. Turning to the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group, full-year 2015 global sales were $785 million, up 2.5% on an underlying basis over the prior year and consistent with our original guidance of 1% to 3%. Total sales for the fourth quarter were $196 million, up slightly over last year on an underlying basis. Globally, sales growth was lifted by higher surgical heart valve units, but was lowered by the planned exit of non-strategic products. Sales of our premium products contributed to solid heart valve performance across all major regions led by procedural volume and share gains. Surgical Heart Valve units grew approximately 5% and global average selling pricing declined slightly due to country mix. During the fourth quarter, we submitted the PMA in support of the FDA approval of our rapid deployment INTUITY Elite valve. We still expect to launch in the U.S. mid-2016. In Germany, adopters (10:16) of our INTUITY Elite valve will now benefit from a new higher DRG for combined procedures. We believe this will support greater adoption of our rapid deployment valve for patients who suffer from the combination of aortic stenosis and coronary disease, a common occurrence. Notably, a recent paper published in The Annals of Thoracic Surgery concluded that our PERIMOUNT Magna Ease family of valves demonstrated excellent long-term durability and hydrodynamic performance after accelerated in vitro testing equivalent to 25 years of heart beats. All valve studies successfully endured 1 billion cycles, which is five times longer than the standard testing requirement for a tissue valve. In summary, we're pleased with the continued strength of our premium surgical valve products and are preparing for new product launches in 2016. We continue to focus on improving therapy options for younger patients, streamlining complex surgeries, and enabling minimally invasive procedures. We are reiterating our 2016 underlying sales growth expectation for the total product group of 3% to 6%. In the Critical Care product group, total sales for the quarter were $141 million and grew 4% on an underlying basis. Total sales for 2015 were $528 million, up 3% over the prior year on an underlying basis consistent with our original guidance of 2% to 4%. Global growth for the quarter was driven primarily by core hemodynamic monitoring products in the U.S. and our Enhanced Surgical Recovery Program, which recorded double-digits underlying growth across most regions. We are focused on strengthening our core offerings by strengthening our gold standard products including a next-generation monitor. We are expanding our sales force in the U.S. to broaden the adoption of our market-leading products. And, in Japan, we're expecting a contribution to growth from the launch of ClearSight, our non-invasive monitoring technology. Overall, we're pleased with the continuing adoption of Enhanced Surgical Recovery and the strengthening of our core products. We continue to expect Critical Care underlying sales growth of 2% to 4% in 2016. As we highlighted at our Investor Conference, we're investing in a number of structural heart initiatives. We continue to make progress on our CardiAQ-Edwards, transcatheter mitral valve program, or TMVR, and our FORMA system for reducing tricuspid regurgitation. Early U.S. feasibility studies with both of these technologies are currently underway. Additionally, we're continuing to closely follow our investments in the Harpoon chordal repair and the CardioKinetix heart failure therapies as they gain clinical experience. While all of these technologies are substantial opportunities, they do involve significant challenges and are in their early stages. Providing some more detail on our TMVR program, we've begun treating patients in our U.S. early feasibility study planned for seven sites. Our learnings from these cases will inform our CE Mark trial, which is expected to begin in mid-2016. Our mitral team is currently working on enhancements to the CardiAQ-Edwards valve platform, including additional sizes, delivery system refinements, and the addition of Edwards' clinically proven bovine pericardial tissue. We're also currently developing additional next-generation TMVR products that leverage our experience. We're optimistic about the future of TMVR technology. And although commercialization timelines are still unclear, we continue to believe that TMVR will ultimately benefit patients with mitral valve disease who aren't well-served today. And, finally, in regards to the recently implemented two year suspension of the U.S. medical device excise tax, we're evaluating a number of meaningful opportunities to accelerate existing growth programs or initiate new ones. And, as such, we expect a minimal positive impact to 2016 earnings. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Thanks, Mike. I'm pleased to report that with our strong finish to the year, we achieved our 2015 key financial targets. For the full-year, we reported non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.29. Sales increased nearly 17% on an underlying basis to $2.5 billion. Our gross profit margin was 75.2% and free cash flow was $447 million. In the fourth quarter, another strong sales performance in transcatheter valves drove our top line to an overall 15% underlying sales growth rate, unusually strong U.S. THV sales during the holiday season lifted performance above our expectations. The strong U.S. dollar continued to have a significant negative impact on reported sales, which grew 9%. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.63, representing 19% growth over the prior-year. Total underlying sales in the fourth quarter were $667 million. This excludes the $4 million benefit of the THV sales return reserve, as we substantially completed the SAPIEN 3 product exchange in the United States. I'll now cover the details behind our results and then share guidance for 2016. For the fourth quarter, our gross profit margin was 73.8%, compared to 74.0% in the same period of 2014. We expected fourth quarter gross profit to be approximately 75%, based on a more profitable product mix and a positive impact from foreign exchange hedge contracts. Our actual result was below our expectation, because we elected to realign some critical care manufacturing operations to improve our cost structure. We continue to expect our gross profit margin, excluding special items, to be between 74% and 75% in 2016. Turning to SG&A, fourth quarter expenses were $222 million or 33.1% of sales, compared to $223 million in the prior year. The modest decrease was driven by the favorable foreign exchange impact on our expenses outside the United States, largely offsetting higher sales and marketing expenses related to transcatheter valves. Given our increased THV sales estimate, we now expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 30% and 32% of sales for the full year 2016, which is an improvement over our Investor Conference guidance. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 17% to $98 million or 14.6% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our transcatheter mitral valve and aortic valve programs, including spending on clinical trials. For the full-year 2016, we continue to expect research and development as a percentage of sales to be approximately 16%. We are evaluating the opportunities to reinvest the savings from the two-year suspension of the U.S. medical device excise tax. We're deploying a disciplined process to explore value-creating opportunities to accelerate existing programs or initiate new ones. Our reported tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 16%, which benefited from the renewal of the federal research and development tax credit. Given the expected stronger sales of THV in the U.S., we now expect our full year 2016 tax rate to be between 23% and 24%. And in light of recent legislation making the R&D tax credit permanent, we expect our rate to be relatively consistent across quarters. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted fourth quarter sales by $35 million compared to the prior year, driven by the weakening of the euro and yen. Compared to our October guidance, foreign exchange rates positively impacted earnings per share by $0.01. At current rates, we continue to estimate a $55 million negative impact to full year 2016 sales. Cash flow from operating activities for the fourth quarter was $104 million and included a $33 million tax payment related to a previously reported litigation settlement. After capital spending of $37.5 million, free cash flow was $66.3 million. Turning to our balance sheet, at the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.2 billion. Total debt was $600 million. During the full year 2015, we repurchased approximately 3.9 million split-adjusted shares for $280 million. Now, turning to our 2016 guidance, all of which assumes current foreign exchange rates. For Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, due to our strong momentum and expectation of continued therapy adoption, we are raising our 2016 guidance provided at our December Investor Conference to be between $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. We continue to expect sales for Surgical Heart Valve Therapy of $780 million to $820 million, for Critical Care of $510 million to $550 million, and now expect total sales of $2.6 billion to $2.85 billion. Primarily as the result of increased expectations for sales, we are raising adjusted earnings per share guidance to be between $2.57 and $2.67, free cash flow to $475 million to $525 million. The suspension of the medical device tax is expected to have minimal impact on 2016 earnings per share. We continue to expect shares outstanding in the range of 216 million to 220 million, which reflects our plan to repurchase shares during 2016. As we explained at our Investor Conference, adjusted earnings per share now excludes intangible amortization expense and prior period comparisons are available on our website. For the first quarter 2016, at current FX rates, we project total sales to be between $640 million and $680 million and adjusted earnings per share of $0.64 to $0.70. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, we're pleased to achieve healthy financial performance and substantial progress on important new therapies in 2015. Our focused innovation strategy can transform patient care and drive value to the healthcare system and to shareholders. We're enthusiastic about the continued expansion of transcatheter based therapies for the many structural heart patients still in need, which positions us for a bright future. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Mike. At the upcoming American College of Cardiology Conference in April, we are planning to host an Investor Meeting to discuss the latest presentations. Additional details will be provided once the late breaker schedule becomes available. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we're ready for questions, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question is from David Roman of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you and good afternoon, everybody. I want to just start with your disclosure around the transcatheter valve centers and specifically the 400 number that you referenced. I think, at the time of the NCD when that was originally issued, there were some concerns that that specifications and qualifications that actually limit that number to being somewhat lower. Can you maybe just sort of talk about what you're seeing in the landscape? Are centers doing things to make themselves more TAVR already? Are you seeing an expansion of the addressable market relative to your initial expectations?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks, David. You're right. When we originally talked about this, I think we estimated that this might take us to the 350 to 400 range and here we are right at about 400 active centers today. And there are more centers that are interested in getting within the NCD qualification. So, they are doing the things that they need to do to have the staff and capabilities in place, so that they can be added. And that's an encouraging sight (23:58) from our perspective. So, we're continuing to add. Having said that, David, most of the growth that we're seeing is really coming from large centers, and that continues to be a big driver of what's going on right now.
David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And maybe just a follow-up on that. Can you maybe help us just piece together the following moving parts. I think in your commentary, you had said that some of the upside in the quarter came from unexpected strength at the end of the year, but you're raising your 2016 guidance for transcatheter valves and maintaining the over $5 billion by 2021. Can you maybe just help us understand why we're not sort of pulling forward from future patients here, and what gives you the confidence at this point of the year to raise the expectations?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, David. Yeah, typically we see a real slowdown in the last two weeks of December, just the way the holidays fall, it's not common for people to have the kind of procedures that Edwards is involved in during that time. We just didn't see that slowdown this year, so that surprised us to see the strength of those procedures. Now when you couple it with the fact that we're now in the beginning of February, we've had a chance to see our January numbers, and it appears that this wasn't stealing procedures from January, but rather we continued at a strong pace. And so, that's really more of a commentary about the strength of the therapy adoption. And so, given the strength of that momentum and what we see, that really what encouraged us to raise our estimates for full-year 2016.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question...
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, David.
Operator: The next question is from Brooks West of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hi. Thanks. Can you hear me?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Hear you, Brooks.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. Thanks, Mike, and congratulations on a great end of the year. I had, I guess, a two-part question just around expectations for data and ultimate FDA reaction coming out of ACC. I wonder if you could just walk us through again the logic path of walking the label to SAPIEN 3, obviously, that's the commercial bet you're making but you're going to be mixing data from both the XT valve and also the SAPIEN 3 valve. That's question number one. Question number two is, as we've been talking to physicians, there's an expectation for non-inferiority versus surgery but some hope that maybe you're able to show superiority, I wonder if you would just comment on that thought in general.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Brooks. Yeah. Let me try and take it apart. There are going to be two datasets that are substantial that are presented at the ACC. The original PARTNER II Trial is a randomization of SAPIEN XT versus open heart valve replacement. You'll see the results of that, that's a substantial study and again high quality science. Within the contemporary timeframe, we were able to introduce SAPIEN 3 and so, literally added to the PARTNER II was this separate arm of 1,000 SAPIEN 3 patients that were also enrolled in intermediate patients. And the thought here is, it's a comparison of SAPIEN 3 that you'll be able to compare to both the SAPIEN XT data and also the surgical data, because it was all done in a contemporary timeframe. And since the SAPIEN 3 valve is the valve that's broadly in use today, I think the logic will hold together and we're expecting that physicians and FDA will see it that way. So, that sort of point number one. Point number two, the way the trial was constructed, it was a non-inferiority trial, and we really powered it for non-inferiority. But it's still a very large trial to power a trial for superiority. We will assume that the time would have taken a lot of patients. So, we're still assuming that we are favorable on non-inferiority. It's always possible that somebody can do a post-hoc analysis of the data and try and analyze whether it's superior, but it will be trying to do it with a number of patients that was really intended to demonstrate non-inferiority.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Perfect. Thanks, Mike. Appreciate the color.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Please go head.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question, and I also reiterate my congratulations on a strong quarter. So, I guess what stands out to me is that you raise sales by about $100 million  sales guidance for 2016 by $100 million, but you raised EPS by about $0.27. It suggests about an 80% to 90% operating margin and the incremental $100 million in sales which sounds high  it just sounds like you're letting more of the upside fall to the bottom line than you have in past. So, first, is that fair, and it sounds like  and if so, why? And, second, you're guiding to 30% to 32%, I think, SG&A in 2016, I think at the Analyst Meeting, your long-term SG&A guidance was low-30%. So, how should we think about SG&A going forward? And I did have a follow up. Thanks.
Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Larry, it's Scott. Good question, the answer to your first question is, yes, most of that incremental sales generated from THV will fall through to the bottom line earnings per share. We're also battling a little bit higher tax rate because of some of those incremental sales will be coming out of the U.S. In terms of SG&A as a percentage of sales, I think our guidance for longer term is unchanged, it's still going to be in that low-30% of sales range, longer term.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. And, I guess, I'm just curious, Mike, if you receive approval for intermediate risk later this year, do you think SAPIEN 3 will disproportionately benefit until your competitor also receives that indication? Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks. We feel like we're the market share leader today. And because of the way the National Coverage Determination is written, the coverage is really linked to an FDA approval and it's product-specific. So, clinicians that were to use a valve that wasn't approved for intermediate risk, would run the risk of running afoul of the NCD. So, we think physicians will be somewhat disciplined. And so, I think we do end up with some kind of an advantage if we were to have an intermediate risk approval before our competitor.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mike Weinstein of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. So, let me just follow up on Larry's kind of question about the guidance, and obviously everybody is looking at the fourth quarter and saying fantastic performance and loves to see the numbers moving higher. But the drop-through is obviously much more dramatic than what we've seen in the past. In fact, Scott, if you do the back envelope numbers and just took the midpoint of the prior sales range, the midpoint of the prior SG&A guidance and the midpoint of the new sales range, the new SG&A guidance, it actually implies with the incremental $100 million in sales that SG&A is actually down slightly despite the incremental sales numbers. So, is there something else you guys are doing just in terms of your planning for 2016, or was it just, hey, that that we went into it initially being conservative on what we thought we'd spend and it's just going to come in lower than what we're initially planning?
Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah. It's a good question, Mike. I think we give ranges because there are a lot of moving pieces really the sales estimate does fall through to the bottom line. And it's just it's a lot of positive momentum going into earnings per share growth. But, there is really nothing else to speak of that's changed in the overall model.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And let me just ask, Mike. So, if you think about the incremental opportunity from here, because we're obviously only partway through the play out of the TAVR market. And we're talking about a $5 billion plus market as we go out. If we think about the earnings drop-through from here from your incremental TAVR sales, not talking 2016, but really over the next three years to four years, how do you want us to think about that incremental drop-through given what you're saying today about 2016?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks for that Mike. As you can imagine, there is a limited number of TAVR centers, and given the fact that this expansion is probably likely to occur within their existing centers, we are going to get a fair amount of leverage, and there will be a lot of drop-through. Now having said that, we are aggressive investors in our future, and as you know we have a number of initiatives going in the area of structural heart. Those investments, we think, are great investments and they have an opportunity to yield a lot of future success, but they don't have any sales associated with them, so those aren't particularly accretive to earnings. And so, I would encourage you to be moderate in terms of what you would expect all that drop-through to be as we go forward.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jason Mills of Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks, Mike, for taking the question. Congrats on the good quarter. I wanted to go back to David's question on number of centers. I was also surprised with the expansion in the number of centers in United States. And I'm wondering if you could, just looking at the landscape, and you're  to your funnel, what you expect sort of from a long-term perspective in the United States, specifically in terms of the number of TAVI centers there might be, with the puts and takes of the regulations, et cetera? And I'm also wondering if, based on your commentary, that you didn't see the slowdown during the Christmas months or the holidays that you normally see in other businesses. If you're not seeing dramatic improvements in length of stay, so patients are getting out of the hospital in one day or two days so they're not spending that time in the hospital during the holiday. So, I'm wondering if that's have an impact also on the number of centers that could be TAVI centers over the longer term?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Good question, Jason. And it's fair to say that we're learning as we go. These are tough to anticipate in advance just exactly how many centers are going to be into it. And what we find here is with the success of TAVR, and actually it appears to be a really learnable procedure, that centers are sincerely interested in having this option to offer to their patient. Just think if you're a center that only offers a surgical option, you're not quite as attractive as you might be if you had a full range of options. So, this is encouraging centers to come into it. In terms of how many, we do have somewhat of a backlog. It would be a real guess at this point, but maybe an additional 40 sites in 2016 might be added. We know some of these sites, if we're successful in getting a Pulmonic indication might be pediatric sites that come in and learn TAVR as well. So it's an estimate, Jason, but hopefully that helps you a little bit. In terms of what's going on over the holiday season, I suspect you're right, the shorter length of stays probably encouraged people to maybe take something on over the holidays that they might not have taken on if it had a long recovery period. We didn't anticipate it, so I can't tell you that we had this all figured out in advance. This is more we watched the story and now we're applying our own explanations to why, but we probably have to dig a little deeper to understand it. But, again, I'll just remind you on the bigger picture in terms of number of centers. We continue to see the large bulk of the growth come from these big hospitals that already have strong programs.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: That's helpful commentary, Mike. Thanks. My follow-up is, in relation to the $100 million incremental guidance on the THV side, I understand that you have refrained from giving us thoughts on growth U.S. versus outside the U.S. but could you frame the incremental guidance increase in terms of where you expect the bulk of that to come and whether or not perhaps if it is the U.S. that's really what's driving the incremental operating margin that folks have been asking about on the call?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think, it's fair to say, Jason, that we believe the majority of that $100 million increase is going to come from the U.S.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Rick Wise of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good afternoon, everybody. Mike, one question for you, and then one for Scott. To you, just can you talk about the Pulmonic trial starting in the second quarter  first quarter and second quarter with XT and then S3. Can you frame the opportunity for us at all? Docs are telling us that having one device with multiple indications is helpful. Has the lack of an indication been a hindrance and now you have a bigger opportunity? And then I have a follow-up for Scott.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Yeah, the Pulmonic indication is still by comparison a smaller opportunity, although it's really important for these patients in need. These are often children. We estimate that the opportunity in terms of overall size is in the, maybe the, $50 million to $100 million range, if that helps for your estimate.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And, Scott, just quickly on gross margin, you reviewed it very clearly, you expected 75%, you got what you got because of the Critical Care reorganization. Was the entirety of the variance related to that? And just as I think about the margin guidance for 2016, maybe you'd review some of the puts and takes. Hedging is a negative, but volume is better, I would think that would be an offset. Thanks.
Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Sure. The  so I'll tell you some of the other inputs to the 73.8% margin in fourth quarter. About 1.2% of that was from better mix, but it was more than offset by investments that we continue to make in our operations part of which was that 1% of gross margin that we invested in realigning some Critical Care operations. In terms of margins going forward, I guess for 2016, we're still in that 74% to 75% range. Again it's a range. Yes, we probably moved up higher in that range as a result of the higher THV sales, but that's still the right range to model. I think longer-term, the margin profile is probably going to be similar. There was an earlier question about, is SG&A as a percentage of sales low-30% still the right number? Yes it is. We're going to continue to invest in the business, as Mike said, so 16% R&D is still the right level to be thinking about longer-term.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Lewis of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good afternoon. Just two quick questions. Mike, just first for you, thinking about the low risk trial and the criteria for that trial for patients to be included over 65, what impact do you think that has on trial enrollment or eventual low risk commercialization, if any? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, David. Maybe, what I'll refer you back, those that recall, Larry Wood used a graph that sort of was a bell-shaped curve that showed the patients with AS that we believe exist by age. And if you were to look at that, the bulk of the patients we believe are over 65. So actually capping or having an age cutoff at 65, we don't think is a major deterrent to enrollment. We think there's plenty of patients over 65 that have low surgical risk that'll make that a popular trial. So if that gets at your question.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then no impact, Mike, I would imagine on eventual commercialization in terms of the low risk population you identified relative to that criteria?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, we still think it's attractive. And again, I'll refer you back to that graph. The patients that are under 65 with severe symptomatic AS, there's actually a pretty high percentage of those patients that are already treated today because they're great surgical candidates. It's those older patients that are deemed probably not great surgical candidates or the ones that are left on the sidelines that now it becomes an attractive opportunity for them to have this opportunity at a higher quality life.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ben Andrew of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Good afternoon, Mike, and thank you for taking the question. Two things from me. First, talk a little bit about the European dynamic and the competitive situation with pricing et cetera. You talked about maybe 15% of volume as well as Germany being perhaps slower, but maybe just some more color there.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. So, yeah, Europe again was a strong performer. We think that market growth was probably in excess of 20%. That was pretty impressive, especially when you consider it's been now like eight years since we introduced in Europe. We grew a little slower than that. I want to say we're in the high-teens range. So, we probably gave up a little bit of market share in Europe that was not unexpected on our part. But the good news here is, I think in 2015 the overall growth for Edwards in Europe was something in the 25% range. So, there has been so much therapy adoption that we've been able to have strong growth here, even in the face of this increased competition, which we had signaled right along.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: And do you think, Mike, as a follow up, that with the new indications and as we go into later 2016 and to 2017, that you can actually start to retake share as you expand the market, whereas others maybe won't have that opportunity?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're fortunate that we have a very strong share position already. And as we probably indicate, we sell at a price premium and so we're going to continue to exhibit pricing discipline on our part and we like to think that the strength of our products will continue to differentiate us. As I mentioned there, you got a number of new competitors and they seem to be around 15% of the overall procedures today. So, that gives you some kind of a picture of how things look today, and we feel pretty confident about the future.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Raj Denhoy of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. First of all, great quarter. But I wonder if I could ask a bit about the timing of the mitral CE Mark trial. You're still talking about mid-2016, but if you  is there anything more you can provide about what that trial will look like, types of patients, how long of a follow up you'll have?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Raj. Yeah, our intention, we signal this to  is to begin mid-year. As we indicated, we began our early feasibility studies in the U.S. right now. And we expect to learn a lot from those studies. And we're going to try and take advantage of that learning as we go through and design our CE Mark trial. So, that design is not fixed at this point, so I don't have anything to share. But, again, as long as we  if we can have a good success with our EFS experience then we'd like to think that we stay on track and are able to get that. And we'll let you know what the trial looks like, and it'll certainly be posted on clintrials.gov (sic) [clinicaltrials.gov] (44:42).
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And then just one on the PARTNER 3 Trial as well. The FDA is asking you to have this mobility, this leaflet mobility study. Is there anything more you can provide about what they're looking for in that other than just looking at leaflet mobility? Is there a clinical component to that as well that they might be considering over time?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I probably don't have a deep, deep intimacy, but I think I can give you an overview of what's intended there. Recall, that the early observations were not conducted in a highly scientific trial with adjudication and follow up, et cetera. And so, the idea here is to actually have randomized patients, 400 in our case, and we wouldn't be surprised to see other companies following a similar standardized imaging protocol and that this would actually be analyzed, so this would be covered in the short-term under our study, and so it would be regular follow up as part of this study with all of the bells and whistles that go along with a PARTNER 3 Trial, and then these patients to be followed on a longer-term basis using the registry. So, there'd be a lot of science around this, and we'd have probably better data than we've ever had in the past. And what we've been able to do is not just know whether there was some leaflet thickening that was viewed by imaging, but we get to find out is there a clinical consequence, were there any strokes, is there any mortality, is there any kind of clinical consequence to those kind of things, are they temporary and do they go away, et cetera. We'll get more data than we've ever had on this, so it should be informative.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matt Keeler of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Matt J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, just first, getting back to your comment on U.S. hospitals seeing some TAVI capacity additions. I was wondering if you could quantify that in any way. Are these sort of 5% to 10% capacity increases something larger than that, is that broad-based or in a few large centers? And I'm just asking in the context of sort of in the context of indication expansion, how do you see the 400-plus centers today stacking up against this potentially large population?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. Well, unfortunately, there is not a single theme here. We've seen a variety of behaviors across hospitals. Because of these procedures turn out to be shorter and more predictable, what it's done is it's encouraged hospitals. So within the same cath lab or within the same OR, they can get more cases per day. And also, some hospitals are looking at this, I think, relative to the demand out there and also their own economics and they are just adding extra days. So maybe in the past they used to do these cases only on Tuesday and now they might happen on multiple days per week in that same hospital. So for the most part, it's not, if you will, bricks and mortar that's driving the capacity increase, I think it's more of a redistribution of their own internal capacity combined with just the improving efficiency of these procedures.
Matt J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks. And just my follow-up on the mitral feasibility. Can you give us any color around how many patients are expected to treat there and what you need to see before you decide to move forward?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. By its nature, the early feasibility studies are a low number of patients. And so, that's not going to be big. We expect there to be a lot of learning. As we said, it was going to be across seven centers. And so, it's good about that, we'll get a chance to see, is it reproducible, can it be done in the hands of multiple talented physicians? And so, that will be the learning for us. It won't be big data like you see in a big pivotal trial, it will more be learning for us. I don't know the specifics. I think the details will be posted on clintrials.gov (sic) [clinicaltrials.gov] (48:45), if it's not up there already.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Danielle Antalffy of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question and congrats on an awesome quarter. Just a follow-up on the low-risk trial. Mike, I was wondering if you could give color on what FDA had in hand at the time of making the decision to move forward. At that point in time, did they have the intermediate risk data? I mean I would assume that they would not move forward without knowing what that data is or at least having a very good sense. So, I was wondering if you could clarify.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks very much for the compliment. And to our knowledge (49:27), they do not have the intermediate risk, they do not know the results of the randomized intermediate risk trial, even at this point they don't know that. They did have the benefit of the SAPIEN 3 30-day data and I think mostly what they were encouraged by was the fact that here was going to be a very rigorous randomized study that was going to be done. So, they didn't have to count on exactly how things have played out on the intermediate front. They've obviously watched the data that was available closely. But I think this is more in the spirit of what we offered up was a highly rigorous study that's good science. So, I think they're highly interested and having that  to stay in front of clinical practice rather than let this slip away from them.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Great. Okay. That's helpful. And then my next question is, as we do move into  intermediate risk coming online hopefully by year-end and then eventually low risk, at what point does cost effectiveness matter a lot more? And how do we think about that in the context of, number one, the clinical data that you collect, and number two, the potential impact to ASPs longer term? Because obviously you're talking about a significant increase in the addressable patient population and cost to the system.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think there are multiple factors that are going to influence the practice, and I think economics will certainly be a factor. They're going to  they'll look at how good is this clinical data. So, they'll look at things like mortality and stroke, they'll look at the economics, they'll look at the quality of life for these patients and the heart team assessments. So, that will all get baked into the ultimate decision-making. We know from our past here when procedures were unprofitable that was deterrent for hospitals. We think, under the current DRG, that the reimbursement is fair, and that most hospitals do pretty well on that. So, we don't think if it's a penalty like it might have been in the very early days of TAVR.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Glenn Novarro of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, good afternoon. Mike, I think in your remarks you said that the intermediate data from the U.S. will be submitted in Europe. I think you said it, sometime this summer. What's the timeline in terms of getting an expanded label in Europe for intermediate?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's a good question. Yeah, that's exactly our strategy. We would take the data that becomes available right at the time of ACC and think about us packaging it right then and try and get it into our notified bodies. Our best guess is that it takes the most of 2016 to digest that, evaluate it, and fully probe it. So, hard to predict, but we would think that a 2017 approval would be likely in Europe.
Glenn John Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And just as a follow-up to that. Do you think this accelerates the European market? Is there any way you can quantify the number of patients that maybe on the sidelines in Europe that would benefit from this? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Glenn. Yeah, I don't know if we have insight that's much deeper than yours. It's  we think it's common in Europe that their patients are on the sideline and that many people with AS don't get treated. And just because of the kind of world that we live in, this information is going to travel, it's going to travel fast, and European clinicians are going to become well aware of what was presented at the ACC. So, do I expect there to be some influence? Yes, I do. I think the movement of the label will be meaningful. The actual movement of any European guidelines will be meaningful. So those things will take some time. But I expect it to have impact, it's tough for us to assess exactly how fast.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Joanne Wuensch of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good evening. And very nice quarter. To continue that thought process, my impression is that intermediate risk patients are already receiving SAPIEN 3 procedures now. So I guess, it's a two part question, how do you think this is really going to change the patients that are already being  have procedures on? But the second part of this is sort of what percentage of the patients in Europe do you think are intermediate risk already?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We think that the bulk of the patients that are being treated in Europe are high risk. If you track the average age of these patients it's consistently been over 80 years of age. And they go through a heart team assessment. And we sit here with our own definitions, but I think the heart teams have decided that these are high risk patients. They take a look at the opportunity for them to go through surgery, and they have assessed it as high risk in their own way of looking at it, and that's what the guidelines say. So, it's difficult for us to say exactly what's going on right now, just because they have their way of assessing it, that's driven by their own heart teams. And I think those heart teams are doing the very best that they can.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And then as a follow-up, what does it take for either in Europe or United States for them to change some of the guidelines, like a heart team assessment, at this stage, including a surgeon and an interventionist in the room seems a little silly, how deep we are in the clinical data and in the rollout of the product?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry, could you say it again? I want to make sure I get your question right.
Joanne Karen Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets (United States): The question really is what does it take to change some of the operating room and patient identification guidelines, either in Europe or in the United States?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think the group is going to be highly data driven. They're going to take a hard look at this data, because they're going to have the highest quality data, probably more data on heart valve patients than ever has been available before, and that's going to influence them writing the guidelines. And I think you're specifically talking about guidelines not the NCD I assume, right?
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matt Miksic of UBS. Please go ahead.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Hi, thanks for taking our questions. Covered a lot of these issues, but I had just a couple of follow-ups, one on the gross margin for Scott, and you talked about this 1%, roughly hit to Q4 gross margins around this Critical Care changes that you made in manufacturing, that flows through to this year. Is the right way to thinking, since you're kind of holding gross margins for this year, is the right way to think of the offsets to that, because you do have, as was mentioned, sort of more favorable mix, slightly higher TAVR, is the right offset to that just FX? How should we think about that sort of staying the same then?
Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer & Vice President: Yeah. Well, there's a lot going on in operations, generally, Critical Care and the rest of the company, as we continue to grow. And so the 74% to 75% guidance for 2016 reflects what we're investing in the business. And you're right, the 1% for Critical Care was part of the operations investments we made in Q4 that brought it down from our original 75% expectation.
Matt Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. So, all right. So, there are just a lot of moving parts there, I guess, is the right way to think about it. The second was on the subject of intermediate, and to what degree we're already seeing some of that happening here in the U.S. and certainly in Europe. And I'd love to get your thoughts, Mike, on how far along do you think the U.S. clinicians are in terms of their comfort, and taking a risk classification of four or five or something below the high risk level and together with the heart team deciding, okay, this is really ought to be a transcatheter valve based on frailty or the other things you talked about in the past. Is that sort of pervasive? Is it a wave that's moving across the community over time? And then, also importantly, how do think that gets affected by the data, assuming it's favorable presented here at ACC?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's a great question. We've tried to talk about it before. Remember, risk scores were established based on the risk to go through open heart procedures. Right? And so, again, that was the context. For example, age was not even part of a risk score. You can be over 90 and considered low risk. Many clinicians look at that today and say, boy, I have a tough time believing that this 95-year-old is low risk, but that is the way that the STS score can characterize it today. What's good news for patients is, every one of those patients go through a heart team assessment. That's part of what the FDA label calls for and also what the CMS, NCD calls for. And so risk scores are helpful, but they're not the only indicators that are used by clinicians. They'll include frailty, other factors like a hostile chest, et cetera, when they go through their assessment. So we think people are being very diligent in terms of the way that they treat patients today. And I think you'd be misled to believe that there is some kind of broad use already by intermediate risk patients.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Josh Jennings of Cowen & Co. Please go ahead.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good evening. Thanks a lot for taking the question. I just wanted to ask about PARTNER 3 Trial design about the follow-up period, if you guys could delineate that and if it is 24 months, will there be an interim analysis at the 12-month follow-up period?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So you're talking about  I want to make sure I'm clear. Were you asking about PARTNER II or PARTNER 3?
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: PARTNER 3.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So, yeah, it is a one-year follow-up, right.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So is that your question?
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: That clears it up. Thanks. And do you have any  just on your comments earlier about the FDA not seeing intermediate risk data before moving forward with the approval of the IDE for PARTNER 3. Do you have any sense in terms of your discussion with the Agency on what that means for your competition in terms of what are the criteria, what type of data they need in terms of which risk class in order to move forward with the low risk trial?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know what the implications are for competition in terms of low risk trial. Obviously, we reached agreement with FDA by proposing this very robust trial, 1,300 patients with  over age 65 with all of the adjudication that's associated with it. So very high quality research. And I would imagine that others would also follow that pathway, so.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Bruce Nudell of SunTrust Robinson. Please go ahead.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks for squeezing me in. Mike, two questions. One, we certainly agree with you that most of this growth is going to be coming from, like, three-quarters from patients who are 75 and older who would otherwise not be treated. Firstly, in the U.S., is there anything you need to do to proactively kind of recruit those patients or do you think just diffusion of the idea of TAVR will be enough to get them in the door over time? And secondly, ex-U.S., will there be a different sensitivity with regards to treating untreated 80-year-olds or can we view the ex-U.S. markets as roughly equivalent to the United States in that regard?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Good questions, Bruce, and thanks for those. Yeah, in terms of recruitment, you can imagine, if you're a low risk patient and today your only option is an open heart valve replacement, if you had an option to enter a clinical trial where you could get a transcatheter procedure, that might be attractive to you. So we don't expect to do anything unusual in terms of that. We continually try and support organizations like the ACC and the American Heart Association and individual hospitals as they raise awareness, but you shouldn't expect anything unusual beyond that. In terms of OUS and what's going to be their policies, it's probably going to be driven primarily by how they approach it from a reimbursement perspective. And so, what we're going to be prepared to do as part of our low risk trial is to also gather information on economics, gather information on the quality of life for these patients so that we can have a meaningful conversation with these payers around the world. And what we're encouraged by is, we think you get a pretty good bang for the buck in terms of the quality of life and the extension of life with this kind of technology compared to many other kinds of healthcare. And we'd like to think that we can back it up with data.
Bruce M. Nudell - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: All right, well, thanks, all of you for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David, and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you, David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying growth rates, sales results, excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13627506. I'll repeat those numbers, dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, and the conference number is 13627506. In addition, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co. Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC Matthew J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Matthew S. Miksic - UBS Securities LLC Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Suraj A. Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson. You may now begin.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our third quarter 2015 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO, and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to financial guidance and current expectations for clinical, regulatory and commercial matters as well as expansion of our markets. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences and important product safety information may be found on our press release, on our 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, all of which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David, we're very pleased to report strong third quarter results driven by total underlying sales growth of 14% and non-GAAP earnings per share growth of 34%. Strong bottom line growth was aided by our foreign exchange hedging program which provided a benefit that's offset the strengthening dollar in 2015. Adoption of our SAPIEN 3 Transcatheter Valve System continue to propel our growth which exceeded our expectations. We remain optimistic that transcatheter valve procedure adoption is still at its early stages and the growing body of compelling clinical outcomes gives us confidence that with expanded evidence larger populations of patients suffering from aortic stenosis will be eligible for TAVR. In Transcatheter Heart Valves, underlying global sales were up 29% over last year, led by growth of our market-leading products in the U.S. and Europe. Globally, average selling prices remain stable. In the U.S., underlying THV sales for the quarter grew 33% versus the prior year to $168 million. The contribution from clinical sales this quarter was similar to both last quarter and the year-ago period. Our performance was driven by strong procedure growth and the ongoing SAPIEN 3 launch, and clinicians are rapidly adopting our best-in-class technology. We remain on track to have SAPIEN 3 in all of our existing accounts by the end of the year. Stocking sales are of minimal impact as we roll-out this product since the majority of our sites are on consignment contracts. Outside the U.S., underlying THV sales grew 25% which was roughly in line with procedural growth overall. Our performance was once again driven by strong therapy adoption in Europe and the continued roll-out in Japan. In Europe, we estimate overall therapy adoption grew in excess of 20% in the third quarter, and our sales grew about the same. Overall, demand remain strong as patients continue to come off the sidelines aided by growing therapy awareness and increasing trend of physicians referring more patients to TAVR, continued positive data, and favorable clinical experience. While we saw strong growth across the majority of countries, growth rates in some of the more penetrated countries moderated this quarter. To summarize, our quarterly THV results, we are confident in our continued leadership in TAVR, even as competition increases. We are very encouraged by the strength of THV through the third quarter, and now expect our underlying sales growth in 2015 to be at the high-end of our previous 25% to 35% range. Now, turning to other TAVR items. Expanding the indication to treat intermediate risk patients remains a key focus. We expect the data on both SAPIEN XT versus surgery, as well as well SAPIEN 3 intermediate risk cohorts to be presented at ACC in 2016. Assuming a positive trial and an expedited FDA review, we plan for a late 2016 U.S. approval with minimal contribution to sales next year. We expect our Continued Access Program for intermediate risk patients in the U.S. to continue until commercial approval. Assuming the intermediate risk data are favorable, we plan to use the U.S. data in a CE Mark submission in Europe. Clinical evidence continues to be generated for our self-expanding CENTERA valve platform. Given the strong adoption and success of our SAPIEN 3 valve, we have reprioritized the timing of CENTERA, and now plan to launch in Europe in 2017. At the TCT Conference earlier this month, data on high-risk and inoperable SAPIEN 3 patients at one year was presented. These data showed that recipients of the SAPIEN 3 valve demonstrated a high survival rate and low rates of stroke and paravalvular leak at one year. The presenter noted that these excellent results support the use of TAVR as the preferred therapy for patients at high or greater risk for surgical aortic valve replacement. Additionally, one year data from the PARTNER II Valve-in-Valve study were also presented at this meeting. These data demonstrated high survival and low stroke rates for patients with prosthetic valves in need of replacement. We also announced FDA approval for SAPIEN XT in these high-risk patients. Turning to the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group. Total sales this quarter were $188 million, up slightly over last year on an underlying basis. Against the tough year-over-year comparison, global Surgical Heart Valve units grew, but were mostly offset by the continued exit of non-strategic products. Overall, product prices were stable. Sales of our premium products contributed to solid heart valve performance across all major regions. INTUITY Elite was a contributor to sales growth in Europe, and procedure volumes in Asia-Pacific and Latin America led the growth in the rest of the world. Our activities in support of the U.S. approval for EDWARDS INTUITY Elite remain on track and we still expect the launch in 2016. In the quarter, we received FDA approval to begin an IDE study of our Magna valve with our new RESILIA tissue platform in young patients with congenital heart disease. This study will be led by surgeons at Boston Children's Hospital, and we believe this technology has the potential to significantly improve clinical outcomes and quality of life in this underserved population. In summary, growth in our Surgical Valve product group continued as expected in 2015, tempered by the planned exit of our non-strategic products. As such, we expect underlying sales growth will be within our 1% to 3% range in 2015. Separately, a recent study has generated discussion regarding a subclinical imaging observation in bioprosthetic aortic valves. As you know, patient safety is our top priority. Both the FDA and a joint statement by two leading physician societies, the ACC and STS released last Friday noted the extensive clinical data supporting the use of transcatheter and surgical valves and recommended no changes to clinical care while we are engaged in further study. In the Critical Care product group, total sales for the quarter were $132 million and grew 5% on an underlying basis. Global growth was driven primarily by sales in the U.S. with double-digit growth coming from our Enhanced Surgical Recovery Program across most regions. Our core Hemodynamic Monitoring products also recorded solid growth this quarter, and in Japan, we are now launching ClearSight in the fourth quarter, given the recent decision granting physician reimbursement. In an effort to assist clinicians with enhanced surgical recovery, we recently entered into a collaboration agreement with CareFusion, a unit of BD. It is intended to connect Hemodynamic Monitoring Systems and Infusion Devices in a semi-closed loop approach to managing a patient's fluid levels before, during, and after surgery. Overall, we're pleased with the continuing adoption of our ESR products, which are still expected to grow in double-digits this year, and we continue to expect Critical Care underlying sales growth of 2% to 4% in 2015. Now to update you on our transcatheter mitral valves. In August, we announced the completed acquisition of CardiAQ Valve Technologies. We're pleased with the progress we've made with the integration of the team and our FORTIS team into a single unit. Clinical experience with our mitral technology is our top program priority and we expect to continue enrolling soon. As part of the integration, the development and clinical research of these two programs will be merged. Our lead program now referred to as the CardiAQ Edwards Valve will feature the CardiAQ Valve, which will be used in our CE Mark and U.S. early feasibility studies. Planned enhancements to this valve platform include additional sizes, delivery system refinements, and the addition of Edwards' clinically-proven bovine pericardial tissue. We're also developing next generation transcatheter mitral valve replacement products that leverage both our FORTIS and CardiAQ experience. We are very excited about the promise of TMVR technology, and although commercialization timelines are still unclear, we continue to believe that TMVR will ultimately benefit more patients with mitral valve disease who aren't well served today. Additionally, at the TCT Conference, details on the 13 first in human compassionate-use cases with our FORMA Transcatheter Tricuspid Repair System were presented. Clinicians participating in the early experience were encouraged by the early results with FORMA system, and noted that patients had positive changes in their heart failure symptoms and quality of life. Many patients suffer from severe tricuspid regurgitation which is an under-recognized and under-treated condition associated with a poor prognosis. Plans are underway for an early feasibility study in the U.S. as well as a multicenter European and Canadian study. You should expect to see additional clinical updates at future medical meetings. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Mike. Another strong sales performance in Transcatheter Valves drove earnings per share of $1.07 this quarter. This represented 34% non-GAAP EPS growth over the prior year. Our non-GAAP sales were $617 million, at the higher end of our guidance range, and reflected nearly 14% underlying growth compared to last year. The strong U.S. dollar continued to have a significant negative impact on reported sales which grew 1.3%. U.S. THV's non-GAAP sales of $168 million were lifted by $1 million related to the sales return reserve for the launch of SAPIEN 3. In addition, we partially reversed our reserve for the cost of SAPIEN XT products that won't be resold. The combined impact of the sales and inventory reserves increased our GAAP earnings per share by $0.02. Our non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.07 excludes this impact. I'll now cover the details behind our results including guidance for the remainder of the year. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 76.2%, a 390 basis point improvement over the prior year. Approximately 220 basis points was attributable to favorable foreign exchange. Approximately, 110 basis points related to favorable product mix, and 60 basis points from other items including the impact of the THV sales return reserve. If foreign exchange rates remain at current levels, we expect our gross profit margin in the fourth quarter of 2015 to be approximately 75%. Given the significance of foreign exchange contracts as a component of net foreign exchange this quarter, we thought it would be helpful to provide more specific detail for modeling purposes. Our third quarter gross profit margin includes hedge contract gains of $20 million, compared to losses of $3 million in the prior year period. This brings our year-to-date hedge contract gains to approximately $50 million. And if FX rates remain at current levels, we expect our hedge contract gains for the full year 2015 to be approximately $70 million, a substantial increase over hedge gains in 2014 of $8 million. At current exchange rates, our FX hedge contract gains in 2016 would be approximately $20 million. Turning to selling, general and administrative expenses. Third quarter expenses decreased $10 million to $212 million or 34.4% of sales. This decrease was driven by the favorable FX impact on our expenses outside the U.S., partially offset by somewhat higher sales and marketing expenses related to Transcatheter Valves. For the fourth quarter, we expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be comparable to the third quarter. Research and development investments in the quarter increased 15% to $101 million, or 16.4% of sales. This increase was primarily a result of continued investments in our valve programs, including the recent acquisition of CardiAQ. We expect fourth quarter R&D investments as a percentage of sales to be comparable to this quarter. Net interest expense for the quarter was $2.5 million, consistent with the prior year. For the full year, we continue to expect net interest expense to be approximately $10 million. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 21.6%, which benefited from an improved country income mix. We expect our rate will drop to approximately 17% in the fourth quarter, assuming renewal of the Federal Research and Development Tax Credit. For the full 2015, we expect our average effective tax rate to be approximately 21%. Compared to our July guidance, foreign exchange rates had a negligible impact on third quarter earnings per share. Given the recent strengthening of the euro, at current rates we now estimate an approximately $170 million negative impact of full year 2015 sales. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $176 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $202 million less capital spending of $26 million. Year-to-date free cash flow was $381 million. At the end of the quarter, we had cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $1.3 billion, which reflects a $348 million payment in the third quarter for the acquisition of CardiAQ. Total debt was approximately $605 million. We estimate fourth quarter diluted shares outstanding to be between 110 million and 111 million. Now, turning to our 2015 guidance, all of which assumes current foreign exchange rates. For Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, due to our strong third quarter performance, we are raising our full year sales guidance to be between $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion. We continue to expect sales for Surgical Heart Valves at the lower end of our $780 million to $820 million range. And for Critical Care, at the lower end of our $520 million to $570 million range. We continue to expect total sales of between $2.3 billion and $2.5 billion. For the fourth quarter 2015, we project total sales to be between $620 million and $660 million, and diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, to be between $1.11 and $1.21, which increases our full year guidance to a range of $4.43 and $4.53. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, our strong year-to-date financial performance demonstrates the strength of our market-leading product portfolio. We believe our strategy of focused innovation can transform patient care and drive value into the healthcare system and to shareholders. In light of the impressive body of clinical evidence, we're enthusiastic about the continued expansion of transcatheter-based therapies for the many structural heart patients still in need, positioning us for a bright future. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Mike. Before we open it up for questions, I would like to remind you to mark your calendars for the evening of Tuesday, December 8 and Wednesday, December 9 when we will be hosting our 2015 Investor Conference at our corporate headquarters in Irvine, California. This event will include discussions with key opinion leaders, updates on our latest technologies, and views on longer term market potential as well as our outlook for 2016. More information will be available in the coming weeks on our website. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Jason Mills of Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, Mike. Thanks for taking the question. Can you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure can, Jason.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Super. First question just with respect to the U.S. TAVI market in SAPIEN 3 in particular. You mentioned that you expect to be able to service the full demand of existing accounts by the end of the year, but it seems like you made great progress during the quarter. Can you give us quantitatively the number of accounts that you were able to service with SAPIEN 3 during the quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that in terms of the number of units sold, I think it was just under 50%, Jason. In terms of the number of accounts, I think it also was less than half. But you should in that assume that we probably got to some of the larger accounts first, if that's helpful.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: That is helpful. And my follow-up question is more of a longer term one. Clearly, what we've seen, investors have seen, is strong quarterly reports driven by TAVI, and we're waiting on, obviously, intermediate risk data that may expand that opportunity. At the same time, folks ask us a lot about the transcatheter mitral opportunity. So can you talk about the longer term growth of the company as you think about transcatheter valve, aortic valves over the next couple of years, perhaps maintaining strong growth, but eventually you're going to run up against a lot of large numbers and higher penetration rates? And also, juxtapose your thoughts on when transcatheter mitral might contribute to the P&L eventually, and sort of what that means for sort of a long-term, sustainable growth rate, both top line and the ability to leverage that to earnings growth over the longer term. I presume you'll touch on some of this at your Analyst Meeting, but we get the question a lot, so I just wanted to ask it.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jason. That's a perfect question. I'm not sure that I can do it full justice now. You're right; we're going to make this a key focus of our conversation at the Investor Conference. I think all of your observations are something that I agree with. First of all, is our transcatheter mitral's a big opportunity? Yes, it's a very big opportunity, but it is early, Jason, and I would just caution people to say, it's a little early to be talking about when sales might happen and exactly how big that would be. We really need to get more clinical experience. But as you know, we're very excited about it and we're focused on trying to take a leadership position in that field. Probably one that has less risk from our perspective is the opportunity for indication expansion in aortic. We think that we're only treating the oldest and sickest patients today, and with the marvelous results that we've seen clinicians get with transcatheter valves so far, we really believe that the aortics are a big opportunity in the future, and we're also going to try to bring that to life a little bit more. I would call that a lower risk, more certain long-term opportunity.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Mike, thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Scott, can you confirm, by our math the implied Q4 underlying growth in the guidance is about 7% to 14%. Is that accurate?
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Larry, it is close. It's sort of in the middle of that range. It's probably 10% underlying growth for Q4.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And recognizing that you're not giving guidance yet for 2016, Mike, can you just talk a little bit about some puts and takes on the top line next year, recognizing that you're not probably going to get an intermediate indication to the end of the year? And I did have one follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We've been really pleased at the way the U.S. and Europe have been growing. But I think as you've correctly surmised, both of those countries are going to be coming up against tough comparisons in 2016. And we have a tough time predicting exactly what's going to happen quarter-by-quarter. We've demonstrated that in the past. But we have a lot of confidence in the long-term. Probably the next time that growth really kicks up again is, once we get that intermediate risk approval. So we'll be trying to bring that to light more, Larry, when we lay it out, and I assume your question is primarily about sales growth. I think you probably have a pretty good idea. I don't expect any big surprises in surgical valves or Critical Care. Did that get to your question?
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes, it did. Thanks. That's very helpful. And Mike, so the STS database suggests that intermediate risk patients or STS 4 to 8 (25:22) represent about 20% of all surgical patients. It sounds like you think that opportunity could be bigger. Could you expand on that a little bit more, and how should we think about Europe? Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know what becomes difficult Larry is when you use the STS database to define the size of the population, you potentially run into a problem because it doesn't speak to about the number of patients that are on the sideline. We're going to try and work to bring that to life. These risk scores don't tell the whole story. And so, that's what I think is misinterpreted. I think it's a fair representation of who gets surgery, but it's not a fair representation of who is out there. And again, we'll try and make this a key focus of the investor conference to get a little deeper on that.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mike Weinstein of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you for taking the questions. So let me follow up just on a couple of items. Of the discussion around the transcatheter mitral valve program was helpful. Can you just talk about your latest thoughts on timing of both the CE Mark study and the U.S. feasibility?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we're a little bit ahead of ourselves, Mike. The short answer is, we'll try and be a little bit more clear on the timing when we get to the Investor Conference. So we want to work through our operating plan process internally and be able to say something that we can have some level of confidence in. Know that, our top priority is to get clinical experience and we'd like to think that the CardiAQ Edwards valve is one that we are going to move forward with, for example, towards a CE Mark. But we're not ready to talk you about specific timing yet.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Then Scott, let me just rewind your commentary on the hedging gains this year that will roll off next year. So the math would imply that's about a 200 basis point headwind to gross margin next year, and about $0.35 to EPS. Is that how we should think about it?
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: That's right. Yes, 200 basis points for next year, but what's your $0.35? Are you talking about 2015 or 2016?
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, 2016 versus 2015. So if you've got $70 million of gains this year dropping to $20 million next year.
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, the GAAP, $50million is there something of that magnitude...
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Depends on...
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: I think it's actually a little bit less than that Mike because you've got to tax affect the gains.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Tax affected U.S. rates?
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So it's a little bit less than that, then. Okay. That's what I wanted to clarify. Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Roman of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. I wanted to just come back to the earlier question that was asked about sustainability of revenue growth in the THV market. Mike, in your prepared remarks, you made the comment that patients are continuing to come off the sidelines. I assume I think that was both Europe and the U.S. But if you think about the patients you're treating today, at what point do we start to dip into the prevalence pool, whereby today's revenue comes out of sort of tomorrow's opportunity versus actually sort of expanding that denominator from a penetration standpoint?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean, there's a fair amount of  it's a really good question, David. And it's hard to know exactly those answers. It's probably more difficult to get at in Europe than it is in the U.S. In the U.S., you have a fair amount of discipline because CMS has an NCD in place, and they basically only reimburse for labels. So I think there is a lot of compliance for people to stay on a high-risk inoperable patient pool. In Europe, we know that physicians sometimes consider age, for example, where that wouldn't necessarily be in risk scores. But bigger picture, we're still just in the oldest and the sickest overall, and I think that there's a big opportunity in intermediate and even beyond intermediate, David, for there to be growth within this field. And again, we'll try and get into it in a higher level of detail.
David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. I know you'll give us more in December. And then Scott, just a follow-up on the FX commentary and a financial item. Obviously, you do have the headwind from foreign exchange rates, but I think is it reasonable to assume that there are offsets in there as it relates to potential mix benefit, and I know you had some manufacturing cost headwinds this year you talked about earlier. Maybe just help us think about the puts and takes on the gross profit line? For SG&A, this is simply a math issue with respect to what you're compensating people within Europe by assuming  and your G&A just getting translated back at a lower rate. So next year we'll see a more natural progression of your discretionary spending. And lastly, how are you keeping the tax rates so low, given the U.S. growing as a percentage of total sales?
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Well, let's start with the tax rate. In the third quarter, there was some country profitability mix that helped to keep the tax rate low. And we're going to continue to do everything we can to try to generate lower tax rate, but certainly there's upward pressure as we continue to grow our THV business in the highest tax jurisdiction. And SG&A, yeah, we've got the natural hedges built in, and I think that we're going to continue to see benefit from that as foreign exchange rates, if foreign exchange rates stay where they are today. In terms of gross profit margin, yes, there was some mix shift improvement and we expect that that will continue. In terms of the operating expenses, we have incurred additional operating expenses over the last several quarters. I'd like to think that that abates and we're working really hard on trying to keep operating expenses down as the company grows. But I'm not counting on a lot of improvement on just the manufacturing expenses, because we'll continue to make investments to make sure that we're operating the way we want to be operating.
David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Rick Wise of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good afternoon, everybody. Mike, you mentioned that growth in penetrated countries moderated, earlier in the call. Can you just expand on your comments there, and any color you could give us around what's happening, I mean is this the start of something that a process that would suggest that you are more penetrated in those markets, or is this because of competition  you often speak about competition on the call, you didn't say much about it tonight?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks. Rick. Yeah, I'll tell you what I was trying to do is just provide more clarity if possible. It's too early to signal a trend of what's happening in Europe. Growth continued to be strong. We are in excess of 20% growth in the quarter. But we just tried to provide you with a little bit of color because we normally draw that question in terms of what do we see across the continent. And what we saw, and it was really a small minority of countries, but some of the most penetrated countries the growth rate started to drop, and at the same time in some of the less penetrated countries the growth rate picked up. So it sort of netted out pretty similar to what it's been doing earlier in the year. But it's a phenomenon; it might be a signal that, as comparisons get tougher, things slow down. But we're watching it very closely; probably the next thing, again, we've seen growth move in spurts when intermediate risk would actually come to Europe and that might not happen until 2017. You might think that there would be an uptick in growth at that point.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Right.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know what I said. But I meant to say 2017 in terms of when it would come, right?
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. You did.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Turning to some of the hot topics at TCT, obviously, the Lazy Leaflet thrombus issue was a noisy one there. I left feeling encouraged that just talking to a lot of physicians that this was not going to be any near-term or longer term hindrance to TAVR adoption. I was also concerned about any possible impact it might have on intermediate risks time-to-market from an FDA perspective. It's been a couple weeks. You had an opportunity to talk to folks and think about it yourself. Just your latest thoughts on that issue, is it an issue, is that the right takeaway? Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Rick. A good question. Yeah. This whole conversation around the imaging observations are one that, obviously, we watch very closely. We were gratified that the two main societies that have been engaged in heart valves, the American College of Cardiology and the Society of Thoracic Surgeons put out a joint statement, as a matter of fact, just this last Friday. If you haven't seen it, it's posted on their website. That speaks for this issue, and it's a good, solid comforting message for patients that cites the facts that there's a lot of data that supports the use of this technology and their practice should not change until there's more data. And we're certainly committed to study this. So having said that, we, at this point, have not detected any impact on our results in the Transcatheter or Surgical Heart Valve business related to the issue.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And you're concerned about intermediate risk, I mean, it's not a concern.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think this even came up during the Town Hall discussion at the TCT, and I think even members of FDA agreed that this wasn't a key concern of theirs as they consider intermediate risk. And that would make some sense, Rick, because we're generating an awful lot of data. Good hard core scientific data that supports the approval of these products.
Rick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Lewis of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hello, good afternoon. Mike, just on the low risk trial strategy, at TCT, Larry made a case for randomized trials at TCT. Can you just give us your sense of why you think randomized trials are better than objective criteria trials, and can we expect to get an update on that in December? And then I have a quick follow up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, David. Well, number one, we would expect to have a conservative FDA when it comes to expanding the indication for Transcatheter Heart Valves. They're going to want to feel that there's good solid data that supports it, and there's not much more scientific rigor than you can get in a randomized study. I think some of the reasons that Larry feels, let's  we ought to pause some before we go to an OPC, is to wait to have our field mature some. If you were to lock in an OPC for example, today, let's say you would have locked that in back when the SAPIEN valve was approved. Then all valves would have been compared to that valve and I'm not sure that would have served the public very well. As our technology matures and gets better, it probably starts moving to a place where it gets a closer to you say, it's at steady state and that's what you should expect from all heart valves. That's why we  Larry, would have said what he did.
David Ryan Lewis - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then Mike, the other dynamic that came out of TCT, just wonder if you can give us a kind of two part answer here. One, how is S3 comparing in the U.S. you think versus Evolut R and your chief competitor has sort of suggested that they are not going to add any new centers here probably for the next six months as they look to train around their new product launch. So just quick dynamics of S3 versus Evolut R in the early days, and do you believe that that dynamic from your chief competitor impacts your next three months to four months and was it factored into the fourth quarter guide? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Thanks, David. Well, it's tough for me to know exactly what our competitors doing and, since they are sort of off cycle, we're going to learn more about that when they report in another month or two months. But we can say that we're right on track with our SAPIEN 3 rollout. We've been really happy with it. And actually the results for SAPIEN 3 in the U.S. have probably exceeded our expectations. So overall, we're feeling good about things and it hasn't been so much about competitors, it's been our ability to get out there and supply. One thing that I will note that happens as we do a roll-out often what we'll watch our customers do is to do several cases in a row. So rather than if there might have been a customer that might have split their case load, instead they might, for example, do 10 cases in a row and pull it forward. So those are, kind of experiences, and those experiences have been really positive.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Raj Denhoy of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good afternoon.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Raj.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Wonder if I could follow a bit on the mitral questioning. One of the things that's kind of intriguing is your commentary around the changes you look to make to the CardiAQ technology, the leaflet changes and the various sizes and things. And I guess, the question is when you think about moving the valve into the clinic both in the United States as well as the U.S. trial, do you expect to make those changes before you begin or you will take the current generation into the clinic?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think our view is, and obviously this needs to be carefully worked with our clinical investigators and the FDA, but I think our current view is that we would proceed forward immediately with what we have, and that as we're able to add sizes, as we're able to add the Edwards tissue, as we're able to improve the delivery systems that we would cut those in along the way.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then second on the Valve-in-Valve approval for XT that came out of TCT as well, maybe could you just frame your expectations around what that could mean in the quarters ahead for your performance?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's hard to know exactly how many valve and how large that Valve-in-Valve opportunity is. It's relatively small, Raj. It's really important to these patients because they don't have great options, and they're at high-risk for surgery to go through it. So I would very much call that a niche, and wouldn't count on that to be in itself a large driver of growth.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Glenn Novarro of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. Mike, I was wondering...
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: ...if you can give a little bit more color on U.S. SAPIEN sales. They did come in better than expected, and I remember a year ago, there was a lot of warehousing of patients waiting for SAPIEN XT. So my question is, with respect to SAPIEN 3, was the strength, was there any warehousing. That's question one. And then, I do recall of asking on the last call if there was any like ACC bump, all the good data coming out of ACC in the spring, you didn't think it'd happen in 2Q. Was there any ACC bump? And I'm assuming part of the strength was market share taking. But just any more color, that would be helpful.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah .I understand your question perfectly, Glenn, and we look at that very carefully. It's difficult for us to put our finger and say exactly what's happening. The data's been a big positive and it's definitely gotten people's attention and we think it's made this valve very popular. And we even had Howie Herrmann from the stage say that this was a preferred option for high-risk patients. I don't know about warehousing patients, but we did see this phenomena that I just spoke about a minute ago, in which when accounts were starting on SAPIEN 3, they would try and do a number of patients in a row. So might they try and do two patients or three patients or four patients within a couple of day period? Yes. Might they try and do 10 in a row to get the sort of their feel for the system and get really comfortable with it. Yes. Could that have had had some impact on our results? It might have, but it's difficult for us to say.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. And then just as I think about 4Q and U.S. SAPIEN sales, the numbers should be higher. So you are assuming a sequential growth going into the fourth quarter, and a higher U.S. absolute number, correct?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we would expect our Q4 sales in SAPIEN 3 to be larger than our Q3 sales, both for a couple reasons. One is, there is the natural seasonal differences. And the other is, we'll be continuing on our roll-out.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matt Keeler of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Matthew J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the call. I wondered if you could comment a little bit on the SAPIEN 3 launch, and you talked in the past about being able to expand capacity versus XT. I was wondering, if you could put any metrics around that for maybe your busier centers in Europe, sort of how much were they able to increase capacity?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks, Matt. It's a good question. It's so center specific, it's tough for us to generalize. It is true, we consistently hear this message that their capacity increases. They're able to get more cases done in a day. To be able to give you a good, hard number or an easy modeling numbers is tough for us. It is driven by shorter procedure times and so that just affects people differently. So I'm sorry, I can't give you a more specific answer.
Matthew J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Great. And just on the U.S. TAVI number, was there anything different in the royalties that really inflated that or was it pretty consistent with the last quarter?
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Matt, it's Scott. It was pretty consistent. It might have been $1 million more than a year-ago quarter, but really you should think about $40 million, maybe a little bit higher on an annual run rate basis.
Matthew J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matt Miksic of UBS. Please go ahead.
Matthew S. Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions. I have one follow-up for Scott and then one for Mike as well. On the margin question, and the impact of FX hedges next year that you talked about, is it fair or  I understand you're not giving a lot of detail yet about 2016, but is it sort of fair to expect, this year you had 200 basis points or so in this current quarter, plus the positive mix benefit of growth in TAVR, is it fair to think about next year as having this sort of 200 bp hit, then sort of offset by some continued mix benefit of a similar magnitude? Is that sort of the right way to think about the puts and takes for margins at this point? And then I had just one follow-up.
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. That's a fair way to model it. A couple of hundred basis point difference in FX contract payouts offset by  partially offset by some mix improvement, which we will expect to continue.
Matthew S. Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And then Mike, you mentioned tricuspid, and some of the recent survey work we've done and conversations we've had with docs continues to kind of come up a little bit, I don't want to say wishy-washy, but just sort of like, we see this interesting, very interesting opportunity and underserved population as you do. However, maybe because it's underserved or under-diagnosed that clinicians at least the ones we talk to, many of them are sort of  they wouldn't put it on the list of bigger and more interesting, exciting opportunities. And I just would love to get some more color as to what you see that's exciting or interesting or potentially attractive here about pursuing that tricuspid opportunity.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure. And Matt, the points that you raised and the questions or the comments by physicians are completely understandable. This valve is often called the forgotten valve and very rarely do people treat a tricuspid valve on an isolated basis even when it is treated, and I think it's around 8,000 times a year today. It's usually accompanied by a treatment of the mitral valve. The question here is, we know that these heart failure patients, lots of them, and I think by our estimate 1.6 million patients also have tricuspid regurgitation, and if you were able to address it, and able to do it in a relatively safe way, could you change the quality of these patients' lives, and that's what's exciting to us. We have certainly physicians and internal folks that could tell you all the clinical reasons why that could and should be true, but the only way we're going to know it for sure is to have clinical experience. What we are encouraged by is in these first few cases, we just so far have only talked about 13 of those, the clinicians are saying, hey, it looks like our patients are feeling better. And so that's what encourages us to keep going and try and learn more, but it is too soon to know how important this might be.
Matthew S. Miksic - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Danielle Antalffy of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Mike, I was hoping you could elaborate a little bit more in the U.S. on the mix between inoperable and high-risk, how penetrated are we in those segments and how much incremental penetration is there to go in both of those?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It's a good question. Frankly, there's not a lot of data on the answer to your question. We know a lot about the patients that get surgery. We don't know a lot about the patients that are on the sidelines. Closest thing we're able to do is we're able to get patients that get echoed in hospitals, and see how often they're treated, those kind of things. But we don't know how many people are out there that are just simply not being treated either because it's not diagnosed, or their primary care physician just doesn't feel like they should refer or even if they make it to a cardiologist, the cardiologist would say, I don't think I should treat this patient. And so it's a number that's not well-known. We work pretty hard to try and get an estimate there. We'll try and talk about this more at the Investor Conference. There is some relation here that's probably pretty dramatic in the elderly, where, as you get older, the percentage goes up we think markedly and we'll try and bring that to life.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then just following up on that, as we think about intermediate risk potentially coming online here in the U.S. and Europe, late 2016-ish timeframe, what about the center capacity issue, because you're obviously not really adding incremental centers at this point, so really it's existing centers doing more procedure, there is going to be an influx of patients. How do we think about how the centers can manage that influx of patients? What can they do logistically to take on that incremental volume? Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks Danielle. It's a good question. It's been handled different ways at different centers. Clearly, they're going to get more capacity. They're getting better at it. They do more procedures per day. They're able to get their patients out of the hospital faster. All of that definitely impacts their capacity. But if they get a real step-up in volume, they have decisions to make on whether they're either going to repurpose some room that they feel is underutilized or whether they're going to build capacity. What's encouraging is that the economics that are associated with transcatheter heart valves are pretty good at most centers and I think it makes it a reasonable investment for them to tackle the capacity expansion.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Josh Jennings of Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good evening. Thanks a lot. I just wanted to follow up on David Lewis' question earlier just on the low-risk opportunity and coming out of TCT and the FDA Town Hall meetings and maybe some discussions with the FDA, any sense in terms of when we can learn about the path forward for low-risk and what that trial design may be? Do we have to see intermediate data first? Could we hear it in December, or would we have to wait until ACC or beyond next year?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. It's a good question, Josh. We will talk about it at the Investor Conference. It doesn't necessarily have to wait for intermediate risk patients. We're feeling pretty confident about intermediate risk patients. We'll have to wait and see what that data looks like. But we're thinking about that now and engaged in dialogue on that very subject right now with physicians and FDA and to see how we might tackle it. But stay tuned. We'll let you know if we have anything more definitive to say in December.
Joshua Jennings - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, great. And just one follow-up if I can. On the CAP program, I assume you're going to finish the 1,000 patients this year. That's going to be extended into next year. I was just wondering, should we expect that to be another 1,000 patients added on in a CAP II like program or would it be more? And then also any other  should we be expecting, just in terms of building out our clinical revenues next year, any type of low-risk trial to be started? Thanks a lot.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, no, I think your first assumption is right, Josh. You should think about it in terms of being another extension. I think in fact it was a 1,000 patient extension. So our belief is that we will be asking for and get approved by FDA extension of the CAP program and that would continue until we have approval. That's our belief at this point in time.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ben Andrew of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hi, good afternoon, Mike. Just a couple quick questions for you. Can you talk about the mitral repair opportunity and how you all view that? And is it on a similar timeframe or different timeframe than perhaps the replacement product?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. Yeah, we continue to think that for these mitral patients that it's likely that you'll need a toolkit, that there won't be a single product that will be the right technology for all patients. And so, we think repair has an important place in the future, and again, it's only clinical data is going to tell us that for sure. The timeframe is a good question. We think that timeframes could be very similar to the replacement timeframes. It depends on how far you are on the development of that technology. But there's no reason to think that it's necessarily either faster or slower.
Ben C. Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just looking at the development of the market, both in Europe and the U.S., what are you seeing in terms of age evolution of the patients. Obviously, we all talk about high, intermediate low-risk et cetera, but are you seeing surgeons pushing into younger groups of patients or is that still sort of in the future with patient expansion? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks. Right now, we continue to see that patients are elderly. You saw our intermediate risk data. Here it was, intermediate risk patients, we would have estimated early on that those would have been patients in their 70s. When we get into low-risk patients, they're in their 60s. And here it is our intermediate cohorts and patients are still in their low 80s. I think what we're seeing treated today are largely 80-year-olds and that there is a difference between age and risk, and this is part of what we're trying to understand and we're going to try and get a little different. So stay tuned for December.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kristen Stewart of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Mike, I just wanted to confirm, just with respect to the intermediate risk indication, you are going to be going to the FDA to get SAPIEN 3 approved for that, not XT, even though XT is the first, I guess, landmark trial, being that you're pulling XT off the market or phasing it out, I guess, I should say?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We just think  the way things have turned out, Kristen, is it looks like, coincidentally, we will have the results for SAPIEN XT in intermediate patients at two years and then also have the comparison of SAPIEN 3 to SAPIEN XT, and we'll also have those surgical patients and all that data becomes available at the same time. And if it's true, and we expect it to be the case that SAPIEN 3 is as good as SAPIEN XT, then naturally rather than go to an intermediate step, I would think that both we and the regulators would agree that we will go right to SAPIEN 3. So, all the data looks like it's going to come together at the ACC, and so it will be an opportunity to see the data in total, which includes the surgical control, the two-year XT in intermediate patients, and one year comparison of SAPIEN 3 in intermediate patients.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Are you confident that the FDA will allow you approval for SAPIEN 3 without two-year data on SAPIEN 3, or do you have two-year data somewhere in Europe on SAPIEN 3?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know about confident. I mean, overall, I feel good. I think it's very logical. I think SAPIEN 3 has a great track record. You've had a chance to see the data. I think FDA probably feels pretty good about it. I thought they press released it actually when we got our approval a little earlier this year. So I would think that they would say that that would be the right thing to do from a public health perspective.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. And last question I have, do you think a panel will be required as well? Is that included in your timeline when you say you'd expect approval at the tail end of 2015?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, our belief is that the data is so strong, Kristen, that we don't expect to have a panel. If we had a panel, that would be an unexpected event that would take more time.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Suraj Kalia of Northland Securities. Please go ahead.
Suraj A. Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.: Good afternoon, everyone. So, Mike, a quick question for you. We know the total number of sales in the U.S. and Europe and the trend lines. Let me ask the same question a little differently. Can you give us some directional color on average utilization per center in Europe, where it is, and I'm just trying to track where U.S. is relative to Europe, the trend lines, and see how much more room on a per center  average utilization per center do we have to grow?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Suraj. I don't have that data available to share with you. I can tell you just based on my understanding of Europe, you have a great disparity in sizes of centers. You have some just mega centers, for example, a number of centers in Germany that are really large, and then there will be other smaller towns and smaller countries that will have smaller centers. I want to say, the number of centers across Europe and Eastern Europe probably must be in the 400 range. But we don't end up using averages very much. We try and find other ways of modeling, just because there's so much differences from center to center.
Suraj A. Kalia - Northland Securities, Inc.: And, Mike, my apologies if I missed this, did you all give an update on Japan in terms of the status on TAVI? Thank you for taking my questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks. No, we didn't give an update on that. In general, Japan has continued to grow. It's growing sequentially. Obviously, some big growth numbers year-over-year, but you would expect that at this early stage of the launch. We have plans to bring SAPIEN 3 to Japan at some point, although we have not changed  we haven't shared any specifics on it, and we're still the only company approved in Japan. We expect to have our first competitor I think in the not too distant future.
Operator: Thank you. And that is all the time we have for questions. I would like to turn the conference back to management for any closing comments.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. With that, back to you, David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying growth rates, sales results, excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13620647. I'll repeat those numbers; 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, and the conference number is 13620647. In addition, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson - Vice President of Investor Relations Mike Mussallem - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Scott Ullem - Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Vice President
Analysts: Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities David Roman - Goldman Sachs Brooks West - Piper Jaffray Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Raj Denhoy - Jefferies Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann Glenn Navarro - RBC Suraj Kalia - Northland Securities Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Matt Taylor - Barclays Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference to your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson. You may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our second quarter 2015 financial results. During today's call, we will discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include but aren't limited to financial guidance and current expectations for clinical, regulatory and commercial matters as well as future product strategies. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. Now I will turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, David. We are very pleased to report strong second quarter performance, led by underlying sales growth of 18%. Significant global TAVR therapy adoption drove our results which was also boosted by contributions from our surgical valve and critical care product lines. During the quarter, we are also pleased to receive U.S. approval of SAPIEN 3, our next generation transcatheter valve, which has demonstrated improved outcomes for high-risk patients suffering from severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis. In THV, underlying global sales grew 42%. Impressive procedure growth resulted in strong sales of our innovative, market-leading products in the U.S. and internationally. Globally, average selling prices remain stable. In the U.S., underlying THV sales for the quarter were $149 million, which includes a boost from royalty and grew 62% versus the prior year. Our performance was driven by strong procedure growth and as expected clinical sales from our SAPIEN 3 continued access program. Stocking and consignment had a minimal impact. In mid-June we received the FDA approval for our next-generation SAPIEN 3 valve with its Commander delivery system for high risk patients in the U.S. Commercial sales of our most advanced transcatheter heart valve began earlier this month and clinical demand has been very strong. Given the earlier than anticipated approval, we are ramping up supply and continue to expect our rollout to be completed by year-end. Training physicians to use SAPIEN 3 is a fairly straightforward process that involves a focus program designed to ensure excellent patient outcomes. Even though SAPIEN 3 has superior results, we have not instituted price increases, so that as this therapy becomes more efficient providers, payors and ultimately patients benefit. The U.S. procedure growth has continued to be robust this quarter. Starting in the third quarter, the launch of our next-generation product should help expand therapy adoption and partially mitigate the tougher prior year comparisons. Expanding the indication to treat intermediate risk patients remains a key focus. As a reminder, we will reach the one-year endpoint for SAPIEN 3 and the two-year endpoint for SAPIEN XT about the same time around be around year-end. Assuming a positive trial and an expedited FDA review, we plan for a late 2016 approval with a minimal contribution to sales next year. Additionally, we will seek to extend the SAPIEN 3 intermediate risk continued access program until the approval. Outside the U.S., THV sales grew 25% on an underlying basis during the quarter, once again driven by strong procedure growth broadly across most countries in Europe and continued progress in Japan. Average selling prices remained stable. In Japan, our sales continue to grow sequentially. Reimbursement for our 20 and 29 mm SAPIEN XT valves was approved in the second quarter, which will help broaden the population of patients who can benefit from this technology. In Europe, we estimate overall therapy adoption grew more than 25%. Even as competitive pressures increase, our growth rate increased roughly in line. We believe demand remains strong us patients are continuing to come off the sidelines. This was driven by growing therapy awareness, an increasing trend of physicians referring more patients to TAVR, continued positive data and favorable clinical experience. At the recent EuroPCR conference, one year SAPIEN 3 data for high-risk patients was presented. This multicenter, nonrandomized study of 150 patients demonstrated our best survival and lower stroke rates for these patients at one year. Also presented were 30 day outcomes for intermediate risk patients treated transfemorally with SAPIEN 3, which demonstrated very low mortality and stroke rates and no severe paravalvular leaks. The SAPIEN 3 clinical data presented over the past few months at most major medical meetings represent the largest, most definitive data in the industry with more than 1,800 patients treated. The excellent outcomes have been consistent across our studies and geographies and we remain confident in the future expansion of this therapy. In summary, we are committed to leadership in TAVR even as competition increases. Starting in the third quarter, prior year comparisons will get tougher, but the launch of next-generation products should help expand therapy adoption. We are very encouraged by the strength of THV in the first half of 2015. Given this performance in the early U.S. approval of SAPIEN 3, we now expect our underlying sales growth in 2015 to be in the 25% to 35% range. Turning to surgical heart valve therapy product group. TOTAL sales this quarter were $204 million, up 3.5% on an underlying basis. Growth was driven by global surgical heart valve unit growth, partially offset by the ongoing exit of previously announced non-strategic products. A favorable product mix also contributed to a higher overall ASP. Globally, underlying surgical valve unit growth was led by sales of our premium valves across all major regions. INTUITY Elite drove sales growth in Europe and China's solid performance continued to lead growth in the rest of the world. In the U.S., we experienced strong growth in both aortic and mitral units, driven by our premium magna products. Our activities in support of U.S. approval for Edwards INTUITY Elite remains on track and we expect the launch in 2016. In summary, we are pleased with the strength of our premium products in our surgical heart valve product group and based on our first half performance tempered by the continued exit of non-strategic products, we now expect underlying sales growth to be at the high end of the 1% to 3% range for 2015. Turning to critical care product group. Total sales for the quarter were $131 million and grew 1.3% on an underlying basis. Outside the U.S., sales continued to be strong in China, but we await a final reimbursement decision for ClearSight in Japan. As the leader in hemodynamic monitoring, our enhanced surgical recovery program continues to gain momentum. ESR's focus on reducing patient complications and hospital lengths of stay continues to resonate strongly with clinicians and represents a large global underpenetrated opportunity. Overall in critical care, we are pleased with the continuing adoption of ESR products, which are expected to grow double digits this year. And even though this quarter's results were impacted by a tough prior-year comparison, we are reiterating our underlying sales growth guidance of 2% to 4% for 2015. Now to update you on our transcatheter mitral valve programs. In May, we announced the temporary pause in FORTIS enrollment due to the observation of valve thrombosis in some patients. We have been working closely with the heart teams involved in the clinical program and recently completed a review of the patients who have received FORTIS. Based on our findings, we have incorporated protocol revisions related to patient selection, post procedural drug regimens and enhanced imaging surveillance following the procedures. We have received FDA approval to move forward with our early feasibility study and we plan to discuss our updated TMVR strategy at a later date. As previously announced, earlier this month we signed an agreement to acquire CardiAQ Valve Technologies, a privately held developer of transcatheter mitral valve replacement system for up to $400 million. While we remain pleased with the significant progress made by the FORTIS program, we were attracted to CardiAQ because of their unique technology, including a differentiated attachment approach and a single valve with multiple delivery systems. We were also encouraged by their recent clinical progress. From a regulatory standpoint, they have made considerable progress, including FDA approval to initiate an early feasibility study of up to 20 patients and they also expect to start a CE Mark study in Europe in the near future. We believe the acquisition and integration will further advance our development of a transformational therapy for patients with mitral valve disease who aren't well served today. The experiences and technologies of Edwards and CardiAQ are complementary and this combination should enable more advancements for patients in the future. We are excited to invite their team to joining Edwards upon closing the acquisition and we are proud of the progress made by our FORTIS team and the combination of these talented employees is very helpful for the development of future structural heart disease technologies. We will share our updated TMVR plans following completion of the acquisition. And now I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Ullem: Thanks, Mike. We achieved non-GAAP diluted earnings per share this quarter of the $1.13, which compares to 2014 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share or $0.88. This increase was driven primarily by our THV sales performance. As a reminder, last year our GAAP results included the large litigation settlement. As I mentioned last quarter, Edwards' earnings are subject to a significant impact as a result of the large movements in currencies. However, unlike some other companies in our sector, our 2015 earnings will be largely insulated as a result of our current foreign currency hedging strategy. If rates remain at current levels, it's important to understand that our company will ultimately realize a significant negative foreign exchange impact on earnings in 2016. This quarter, our non-GAAP sales were $622 million, reflecting 18% underlying growth as compared to last year. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar continued to have a significant negative impact on reported sales. At constant currency rates, sales would been approximately $50 million higher. U.S. THV's non-GAAP sales this quarter of $149 million adds back a $5 million reserve relating to the launch of SAPIEN 3. Recall that accounting rules require that we record a reserve against sales of valves that we forecast will be exchanged for next-generation products in the future and require that we reverse this reserve when we ship the replacement products. In order to be transparent and to improve comparability of our quarterly THV sales, we are providing the impact of this reserve, including supplemental information our website. In addition, we recorded a separate write-off for the cost of SAPIEN XT products that will not be sold. The combined impact of the SAPIEN XT sales reserve and inventory write-off reduced our GAAP earnings per share by $0.10 in the second quarter and has been added back in our non-GAAP results. I will now cover the details behind our results, including guidance for the remainder of the year. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 74.3%, which included the items just discussed relating to the U.S. launch of SAPIEN 3. In the second quarter, gross margin would have been approximately two percentage points higher without the new product launched impact. Now comparing to last year, favorable product mix boosted margins about 1.5 percentage points. Foreign exchange also contributed about three percentage points, which was substantially offset by multiple investments in our operations, including cost of improving our manufacturing processes. If FX rates remain at current levels, we now expect our full-year gross profit rate to be between 76% and 77%, excluding special items. As a reminder for 2016, at current rates, as favorable hedge positions roll off, we do not expect to realize the same positive contributions to gross profit we are experiencing in 2015. Second quarter selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 1% over the prior year to $214 million or 34.7% of sales. This decrease was driven by the favorable FX impact on our expenses outside the U.S. We now expect SG&A excluding special items, to be at the low end of the 35% to 36% range of sales for the full year. Research and development expenses in the quarter increased 9% to $97 million or 15.8% of sales. This increase was primarily a result of continued investments in our aortic and mitral valve programs. We now expect our R&D investments, including the impact from the pending CardiAQ acquisition to be at the high end of 15% to 16% of sales for the full year. Net interest expense for the quarter was $2 million, down from $3 million in the prior year. This reduction was driven by increased interest income from higher investment balances and higher yields. For the full year, we expect net interest expense to be approximately $10 million. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 20.7%, which benefited from an improved country income mix and the impact of the THV inventory write-off. We continue to expect our full-year tax rate, excluding the impact of special items, to be between 21% to 23%. The tax rate for the first three quarters should be higher than the fourth based on our assumption of a fourth quarter renewal of the federal Research and Development Tax Credit. Compared to our February guidance, foreign exchange rates had a negligible impact on earnings per share. At current rates, we continue to estimate at approximately $190 million negative impact to full year 2015 sales. The resulting impact to 2015 earnings should be mitigated by our FX hedges. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $152 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $170 million, less capital spending of $18 million. At the end of the quarter, we had cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of approximately $1.4 billion. Total debt was approximately $600 million. We plan to fund the pending CardiAQ acquisition using our existing cash. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 580,000 shares for $79 million. We continue to estimate diluted shares outstanding for the full year to be at the high end of our previous range of 109 million to 111 million shares. Now turning to our 2015 guidance. For transcatheter heart valve therapy, due to the strong second quarter performance and earlier than expected SAPIEN 3 approval in the U.S., we now expect sales to be at or slightly above the high end of our original guidance of $1 billion to $1.1 billion. We continue to expect sales for surgical heart valves at the lower end of our $780 million to $820 million range and for critical care at the lower end of our $520 million to $570 million range. We continue to expect total sales of between $2.3 and $2 billion. Given the first outperformance of transcatheter heart valves and the earlier approval of SAPIEN 3 in the U.S., we are raising our full year diluted earnings per share guidance to between $4.30 and $4.40, excluding special items. This guidance includes the expected impact of the pending CardiAQ acquisition. For the full-year 2015, we expect free cash flow, excluding special items, to be at the high end of our previous range of $375 million to $425 million. For the third quarter 2015, which is typically our seasonally lowest quarter, at current foreign exchange rates we project total sales to be between $580 million and $620 million and diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, to be between $0.92 and $1. And with that, I will hand it back to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, our strong year-to-date progress reinforces our leadership position and places Edwards on a path to exceed our earlier financial expectations as greater number of patients are served by transcatheter therapies. And we believe we are poised for continued growth as we remain committed to our strategy of transforming patient care with innovative technologies. And with that, I will turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. Before we open it up for questions, I would encourage you to mark your calendars for the evening of Tuesday, December 8 and Wednesday, December 9 when we will be hosting our 2015 Investor Conference at our corporate headquarters in Irvine, California. This event will include updates on our latest technologies as well as our outlook for 2016. More information will be available in the next couple of months. In order to allow a broad participation in our Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and we will answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we are ready for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on another strong quarter. Guys, let me just start off with the guidance. You raised the transcatheter heart valve guidance to 25% to 35%, but you have kept the $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion range for total sales. Is it safe to say you expect to come in towards the high end of that range? And had one follow-up. Thanks.
Scott Ullem: Hi, Larry, it's Scott. Thanks for the question. The $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion range is still the right number to assume. Again, there is FX running through the dollar range and the underlying growth rate range is the one that we raised for THV.
Larry Biegelsen: Okay. Got it. And Mike, when do you think we will have visibility on the low risk regulatory pathways in the U.S.? Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Mike Mussallem: Larry, right now, we have got all of our focus on the intermediate risk approval. You know we are long-term planners and so we are always looking ahead at things like low risk and this is an item that has much discussion. But at this point, I think it is premature to say that we have a strategy. We will let you know. We will obviously keep you posted on that. But again, given the importance, we are really focused on the intermediate risk right now.
Larry Biegelsen: All right. Thanks for taking the questions, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
David Roman: Thank you. Good evening, everybody. I wanted to just start with the U.S. TAVI visits. Can you help us dissect in a little bit more detail the drivers of the sequential increase versus the first quarter? How much of that came from overall market activity potentially stimulated by some of the data at ACC versus the SAPIEN 3 cap versus any other factors that you think are worth calling out.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, David. We had signaled that the continued access program was going to help us. That may have added something in the $10 million range to the quarter, but I think your other observations are the bigger one. The ACC data was presented toward the end of Q1 and that really had some significant, probably have some impact in the quarter. It's always tough for us to predict quarter-to-quarter changes but we just continue to see strong market adoption, broadly the same trends that we have seen before. The awareness is still growing and just confirms that there is more of these untreated patients out there. I think even the SAPIEN XT technology still it was driving growth. The hospital economics, we believe, are getting better. We see them adding capacity. And I don't know, maybe these new entrants are actually stimulating some growth as well.
David Roman: Okay. That's helpful. So as you look forward and you think about the impact of SAPIEN 3, in your prepared remarks you talked about that being an important step in therapy adoption. Can you maybe compare the importance of the SAPIEN 3 launch relative to XT? The importance of XT versus the base SAPIEN product? And whether we should expect a material change in market adoption that we did, that we saw last year occur on a go forward basis?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, David. You are asking a really tough question. Frankly it's very difficult for us to predict the future. But going back to your point, we saw in Europe that when SAPIEN 3 was introduced that there was a step up in therapy adoption. And that that was meaningful. We think it's very possible that that's going to happen in the U.S. Clinician demand is very high. And you can see we obviously upped our estimate for transcatheter heart valve sales in the back half and some of it is because of SAPIEN 3 and that's going to, we think, is largely going to be market growth. Now at the same time, the competition is increasing and there is also an approval that our competitor got, so that's going to work against the other way.
David Roman: Understood. Maybe just a quick financial one for Scott. On the dilution from CardiAQ, you brought it up in the R&D line associated with brain to the high end of the range, where else is that showed in the P&L and are you willing to quantify the total annualized dilution on an EPS basis?
Scott Ullem: Well, first of all, the acquisition hasn't closed yet. And so it depends on when the acquisition is going to close, but it will really show up in the P&L principally on the R&D line and the net impact to earnings per share is probably somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.02 or $0.03 per quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for the questions, David. But we really would like to ask all callers to try and stick to a couple questions.
Scott Ullem: Just one last note. The CardiAQ impact is all baked into our guidance as well.
David Roman: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brooks West from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Brooks West: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just quick, did you give Japan revenues or the Medtronic royalty for the quarter?
Scott Ullem: We did not give either one of those. If you recall back, just on the Medtronic royalties, we had a partial quarter. You remember the minimum is running around $10 million. I think we have probably on the order $5 million last year. So we had about $5 million bump this year. We just said Japan stepped up sequentially.
Brooks West: Okay. And then, Mike, on the mitral program, now you have got two replacement technologies. You have talked about actually developing a portfolio there, may be thinking about repair and other products. Could you just update us on where you are now with that thought process?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We think very broadly about structural heart disease and particularly about the mitral valve. And I think we have been pretty open in the past to say that we don't think that there is just going to be one solution for all patients. There probably will be some combination of replacement and repair technologies that will make sense and we really have a strategic imperative for ourselves to be a leader in this space. So we continue to work very closely at repair technologies in addition to replacement ones. And we have some internal programs, but I think that's all we have shared at this point.
Brooks West: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mike Weinstein: Thanks, guys. So if I look at the quarter, there is really kind of two story lines. The first one is, one you were touching on earlier, which is the U.S. market accelerating again on the back of ACC and now you have got SAPIEN 3 to add to it. The other storyline is, obviously that Europe continues to do better than we were all expecting and it continues to show a very strong growth. Can you maybe help us with a little bit light on that? Can you just talk maybe about the growth in different parts of Europe and where growth maybe faster today versus other geographies? So if you can give us a sense of what's Germany growing at, in your view, not you but the market versus say southern Europe, that type of commentary?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Mike. I think what we have tried to indicate here is, we have really nice results in Europe and that's been because the market has been growing. And it does impress us that the market is continuing to grow at this kind of rate. I wish I could tell you that it's one country, Mike, but it really isn't. It's all the countries involved. When a country is as largest Germany, you can imagine it has to grow otherwise the rest of Europe doesn't growth at that rate. So yes, Germany is growing. But no, Germany is not the fastest growing country in Europe. There's several others that are growing faster and all the big countries and the small countries are all showing pretty significant growth. We can go back to the reasons, but it's going to be the ones we have talked about in the past, awareness, clinical, favorable clinical outcomes, the advanced technologies clearly seem to accelerate things and people are seeing good results.
Mike Weinstein: Okay. And Mike, one follow-up. So on the back of CardiAQ and that acquisition, can you just talk a little bit about how you are feeling about one, your balance sheet and two, deploying capital in acquisitions such as what you saw to do it, which is basically you think you are more bets in here with TMVR but your appetite to place bets in other areas as well.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks. We are fortunate to have a strong balance sheet and we like that. We think the most important use of our cash is to be able to drive growth in our business and we stay on the outlook. We have a very active program. We call it, our discovery of resources that are out there looking at what's exciting, particularly in the field of structural heart disease. And so we are out there aggressively looking at it. We have got quite a bit going on inside the company, but we will not hesitate to do something like CardiAQ if we see something that we think is attractive and can be meaningful for these structural heart disease patients.
Mike Weinstein: Just the one follow-up. So should we expect there to be more deals over the next, basically balance of the year? Or is this a one-off?
Mike Mussallem: Mike, I don't know what to tell you. We look at those very carefully. It's not like we automatically have a number of deals that we are trying to hit some number, some artificial number. This is based on our assessment of what makes sense. If we saw something good, we would do it and if we don't see anything attractive, we won't do it. And it's that simple. We need to let others go, Mike. So thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Lewis: Good afternoon. Just two quick questions. I guess, first for Scott. This is an encouraging SG&A quarter. I think SG&A was down on an absolute basis for the first time in 10 years. I kind of stopped counting. So the guidance seems conservative but it also suggests the quarter is probably not an anomaly. So are we starting to see the evidence of more pronounced leverage in the model, Scott?
Scott Ullem: Well, keep in mind, the reason the dollar amount of SG&A was down was principally because of FX. So we are translating our oUS SG&A at lower rates and that helps. But it also came in exactly, we were pretty close to actually to where we thought it was going to be. And I think our guidance for the year is still the right kind of guidance. Longer-term, absolutely we are really looking at SG&A in particular, as an area where we can get leverage out of the P&L as our business continues to grow.
David Lewis: Okay. That's a tough one. And then Mike, I wondered if you could help us put the mitral acquisition of a CardiAQ in perspective? I kind of go back to you bought PVT. Obviously, PVT was early, but they were the clear leader in the marketplace and we have sort of a different dynamic here with the acquisition you made recently. Can you help us understand the similarities and differences between how you look at PVT versus CardiAQ?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. It's a great question, David. Just to contrast, back in the early days, we were pretty proud of our own transcatheter aortic program at the time when we bought it. Even though I think now people look back and say wow, PVT was the leading program. If you ask our internal team, they were pretty proud of what we were doing then as well. So these are always tough cultural moves when you go ahead and do something outside that you have going inside. In the case of CardiAQ, there is a couple of things that we really like. We like their design. We like the fact that it was a different approach than FORTIS, so it gives us another option for how to attach the mitral valve. We also were really attracted to the idea that they had a single valve with multiple delivery systems. We think this can be very helpful when you are going through these long regulatory process and generating clinical data. Once you have that valve data, it oftentimes can be relevant regardless of the delivery approach. And so that's very attractive to us. So those were some of the driving forces behind it. We think the combination of the two companies is a good one. It really is powerful and we like putting it together what it could mean for these patients.
David Lewis: And Mike, just a related question to that. Is it too early to decide whether transapical or transcatheter sort of the approach? Do you see these as different technologies for different patient populations? Or is transapical versus transcatheter point just a hedge? Or is it just too early to know?
Mike Mussallem: Well, I don't know. I think our experience in transcatheter aortic valve replacements is if you ask patients or doctors, they probably prefer a transfemoral approach over a transapical approach. Transapical has advantages because it's direct and you can have a surgeon really driving it. But in terms of the potential morbidity that's associated with it, it's still is sort of some flavor of surgery. So we think, if you actually could get to a transfemoral transseptal delivery that would be considered least invasive and preferred if you could deliver it. Now that's technically very challenging and it's one of the hurdles to clear.
David Lewis: Thank you very much.
Mike Mussallem: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills from Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Mills: Hi Mike. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on another great quarter. I go back to something, Mike, you said with respect to the U.S. TAVI market that's driving the market and perhaps driving your growth as well in terms of the centers adding capacity. Could you give us more granularity on what you mean by that in terms of what they need to do or what they are doing to add capacity and sort of that how that progresses over the course of the next couple of years to drive key growth in market?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks Jason. Yes. I mean we have gotten this question in the past and your assumption is correct. The growth is coming from existing centers. Yes, we added some centers, but that really isn't the driving force behind it. We find that particularly as the new technology gets introduced and the clinicians get more experienced, they are able to do procedures faster and still have a very high level of quality. And that just adds capacity to the system. That's probably the single biggest fact. So in the same time frame that they used to do one procedure, now maybe they are doing one-and-a-half or two. And so you really get a lift. And we wonder what SAPIEN 3 will do. Our experience says that that tends to be a case that goes a little faster even than XT. So it probably introduces some capacity into the system.
Jason Mills: That's helpful. As a follow-up to that, what if anything, is happening with respect to the referral development in this market over the last year? We have seen obviously a big bump and just wondering if your centers, you are co-opting with your centers to do more on that front?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks Jason. Yes, I would say most of that is being driven at the center level. We try and be helpful to them, but a lot of it is their own initiative and their own drive and we are consistently impressed with the heart teams that are out there educating their referral base and know that process just doesn't happen overnight. But I think we are seeing the effects of their commitment.
Jason Mills: Thanks. And one last one, in Europe. Could you talk about whether or not you are seeing in the registry data in your experiences there any risk creep or talk about the penetration of the intermediate risk patient population in Europe and what's going on with respect to just what bandwidth is left in Europe on the TAVI front. I will get back in queue. Thanks, Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, Jason. And again, guys. I know everybody has questions. We would like the people to hold it to two. So the contemporary data sets continue to show that the average age is above 80 and that these patients have numerous risk factors. So high-risk patients are being treated based on their EuroSCORE as well as their physician judgment that are taken into account. And so they kind of use a combination of age and frailty and comorbidities in Europe, when they are making these decisions. We just continue to see patients come off the sidelines and I guess the other indicator, Jason, is that our surgical heart valve business continues to grow very nicely. So we don't think it really is cannibalization of surgery.
Jason Mills: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Joanne Wuensch: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. Can you give us an idea a little bit of what's happening in the competitive land front in Europe? You have briefly touched on that but is there is anything else you can add to that? And then as a second question and I apologize if I missed this, the mechanics of launching SAPIEN 3 in the United States and expectations for that? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, Joanne. Yes, in Europe we are clearly seeing a competition increase. I would say, Edwards broadly, probably has a share gain versus last year. But we probably have taken some impact on a sequential quarter. We have Medtronic Evolut R is out there and they are gaming a little bit of attraction. We see the BSX Lotus Valve that is going to have some new sizes later in the year. They have probably gained a little share. A little bit of Symetis. So we are seeing all the players probably step up a little bit. The market share of the five smaller players probably has bumped up over the 10% level, Joanne. So it's something like that. We are continuing, in the eyes of our people, to drive a substantial price premium, maybe in the neighborhood of 20% in Europe. So that's that. On the ramp of SAPIEN 3 in the U.S., what we have said basically is that we will be ramping up. The approval clearly came earlier than we thought. We have gotten it launched at this point. So we are off and running. We are pleased of doing that. But we are having to walk through our accounts. We have a pretty high level of confidence that we are going to have completed here before the end of the year. And so far things are tracking right on our plans.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Raj Denhoy: Thanks. Just really had one question to follow-up on mitral and CardiAQ. How much or how important is it for you in the mitral space as it develops it feet first onto the European market? And how important did the companies, CE Mark trial, the approval of the CE Mark trial factor into your acquisition?
Mike Mussallem: Well, I mean the short answer is, we have long-term aspirations to be the leader. We prefer to go first. We feel like we have a chance to have more influence and voice in the way that the regulators evaluate the technology and the way they view it. And also get a chance to be close partner with the clinicians that are engaged. So we like going early in that. That's a valuable factor to us, strategically.
Raj Denhoy: And then when you think about that trial, I know you are going to disclose more once the deal closes, but what do you envision that trial looking like and what will initial approval in Europe look like the label for the mitral valve?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I am probably not going to help you very much, Raj, with that. Unfortunately, the way this has turned out, we announced this here before we actually have closed the transaction. And so we are just not in a position today to give detailed guidance on what it is going to mean until after the transaction closes and we get a chance to integrate those teams. You can imagine, the approach we are going to take is, we are going to try and move quickly, but we are also going to put a lot of focus on having high quality clinical studies. And so those will be factors that we will work through very carefully. But when we have something a little bit more definitive, we will be will be sharing that with you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy from Leerink Swann. Please proceed with your question.
Danielle Antalffy: Thanks so much for taking the question. Good afternoon, guys. Just a follow-up on the capacity question, because we are getting this question a lot as we move into intermediate risk patients. Is there a natural ceiling at some point to the ability for these centers to add capacity? What's the next step of adding capacity? Do they have to have cath labs? Hire more another interventional cardiologist? How do you envision this unfolding as we ramp volumes into intermediate risk patients and the hospital's ability to absorb that incremental volume? And would Europe be a good proxy, because you talked to some of these high volume centers in Europe and they seem to be able to do it? But I guess I get the whole, they can do the procedure faster, but I mean, there is only so many procedures ultimately one physician can do a day. So I was just wondering how to think about that as we add intermediate risk in the coming years?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Danielle. They are good questions. In the short term, we have seen in the past that hospitals have a tough time immediately responding to a capacity increase. That's why we think rarely in these kind rollouts, will we see a step function. They are more likely to be ramps. I think we believe that hospitals can overcome those capacity constraints. And there is a number ways that they do it. One is the procedures just take less time. So maybe in the same day when they use to get two procedures or three procedures done, they are getting four or five done. So you get a real boost on that. They can add additional teams. Sometimes actually the teams don't have to be quite as big as they used to be in the past as experience is gained. And so, we find that the SAPIEN 3 centers have a chance to really have a substantial capacity increase compared to XT. And so that's probably the single biggest factor, Danielle.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And I was wondering if you could give any color on what you are seeing exiting the quarter, from a competitive environment here in the U.S., SAPIEN 3 versus Medtronic also got Evolut R approval. Any market share shifts? How do we think about the better U.S. performance? Was it faster market growth, some market share shift back in favor of Edwards, a little bit of both? Any perspective there would be great.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Just to recap. We didn't have any SAPIEN 3 in Q2. And that's just started here in Q3. And I have tried to describe the ramp the best I could. In terms of Evolut R, they appear to be ramping as well. We don't see a real aggressive step function there. And so they are also ramping up in the quarter. There is nothing particularly noteworthy to share there, Danielle, I don't know that the competitive dynamic has been the real driver in terms of our own goals.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Navarro from RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Glenn Navarro: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. First question for Scott. Scott, you mentioned the FX impact qualitatively for 2016. But I was hoping you could help us a little bit more in terms of how we should model out 2016 with respect to the FX impact? Thanks.
Scott Ullem: It's a little early for us to give you much advice other than what we said last quarter, where there is a 200 to 250 basis points range of foreign exchange hedging contracts that are flowing through the P&L this year. And so that maybe the guideline for what may flow through the P&L next year, although again, we have got contracts that will mature. We are putting them on every month. They go about a year out. So it's tough to be more predictive than that.
Glenn Navarro: And is that purely in the gross margin?
Scott Ullem: It's purely in the gross margin. It flows straight to the bottom line.
Glenn Navarro: Okay. Great. And then just quickly in terms of data releases. SAPIEN 3 one-year data, perhaps when do we see that data and the PARTNER 2A intermediate, we are assuming ACC of next year, is that a reasonable assumption? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. So the SAPIEN 3 one-year is, I would say, the high risk cohort. It's probably likely around TCT. We think that would be pretty good. I would say, your assumption about ACC for the P2A intermediate risk is probably a decent and safe assumption. But again, we are speculating. We don't have complete control over that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Suraj Kalia from Northland Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Suraj Kalia: Gentlemen, congratulations on a nice quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Thank you.
Suraj Kalia: So Mike, first of all, let me start out with Europe on the intermediate risk side. Mike, can you parse out in Europe, what does intermediate risk growth looks like for SAPIEN 3? I know it's buried within the overall numbers. Just kind of give us an idea about where it is directionally and how much more legroom it has?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Again the indication in Europe is still high risk. And that's also the indication in the U.S. Longer-term, you have a pretty good understanding probably of what would drive intermediate risk in the U.S. and you know that largely is also going to be controlled by the NCD. And we wouldn't be surprised of that same data set for intermediate risk patients have some impact in Europe. Now having said that, what's surprising, so I call your attention to is that these intermediate risk patients, they are pretty elderly patients. We are continuing to see them at age greater than 80 and all that intermediate risk is in the assumptions that we gave when we gave market size. Now I agree, things have changed since last year, but last year at the December Investor Conference, we said, hey we think it's going to be more than $3 billion market by 2019. And that included our assumptions for intermediate risk at the time.
Suraj Kalia: And there is no indication creep for intermediate risk in Europe, is what you are saying?
Mike Mussallem: No. I wouldn't call it indication creep. I tried to address it somewhat before. I think that when physicians assess, they are clearly looking at high risk patients, but they also integrate physician judgment and age and frailty and comorbidities when they do it. They are not sort of slaves to the EuroSCORE, if you will, because the definition of risk seems to be changing. Remember, that was a broad surgical definition. And now that TAVR is here, they are probably reassessing how they think about risk.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Hopkins: Thanks. Great. Just two quick questions. First Mike, any update on your long-term thinking on either the number of centers that you think can have a robust TAVR program long-term? Or how you just size the global TAVR market long-term?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Yes, I will start with the easier one, probably and then even that is difficult to assess. Probably in the U.S., we think we are probably converging on a number that looks something like 400 centers that could meet the NCD based on the way that it exists today. Our latest update on how big we think the overall market is that it's larger than $3 billion by 2019. We watch that obviously very carefully and constantly update things but probably won't have an updated look at that until we get to our Investor Conference in December.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. Fair enough. And then the second question also kind of a quick one. Your oUS TAVR revenues sequentially has been flat for three quarters. Now obviously some of that is FX. So could you just give us a little sense, especially relative to your comments that pricing has been stable? Can you give us a sense just over the last three quarters about your implant volume trends? Just want to get a sense for true underlying volume growth over the last couple of trends given that currency is distorting what we see with revenues?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Yes, what you are saying here, clearly when you say it's not going up, you are seeing the impact of foreign exchange, which was dramatic on currencies like the Euro and the Yen. In fact, an I think we tried pretty much to report what the growth rates are. For example, in Europe, we said, hey, we believe procedure growth was around 25% and we grew somewhere in line with that. And I think that probably wasn't much different last quarter or the quarter before. So we have been probably clocking along at that 20% to 25% in Europe. And Japan is coming off a very small base. The growth rate is even higher. But probably your better benchmark is what's happening in Europe.
Bob Hopkins: Okay. I will follow-up. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor from Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Matt Taylor: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I actually wanted to ask that question in kind of a different way. You talk a lot about the U.S. centers, but can you talk about what you see outside the U.S., in Europe, the rest of world, Japan, in terms of the ability to add centers? And any expectation there for center adds or the ultimate addressable market in terms of centers?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. Thanks for your question, Matt. Japan is still ramping. So that's still going up there. I would say relatively immature. They are only a little bit more of a year into it. And I think it's going to probably take several years before they really max out. So there will be centers that get added there. And even the centers that are added are not near their capacity. In Europe, probably most of the centers exist. I know it must be in the 350 plus range of centers that exists in Europe and I think the big ones are already in place. The emerging markets are a big opportunity in the future. Again there really, it's not approved yet in China. Just approved here in the last quarter or so in India. So those big, emerging markets are just at the very front end of it. And we probably don't have enough intelligence to say how fast that's really going to take off.
Matt Taylor: Thanks. And one quick follow-up. You mentioned in the questions today that you thought you are at about a 20% premium to some of the competitors in Europe. Does that apply across the board? And are you seeing competitors use price? Clearly you have some clinical advantages to that.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I think, basically our reports are coming from our field team and they basically are saying yes, it clearly is across-the-board and it's probably at least 20%, sometimes even more than that. And yes, you will see the difference that people will sometimes try and compensate for the difference in clinical results with price. And so it happens, but our pricing has stayed pretty stable.
Matt Taylor: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Kristen Stewart: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Scott, I was wondering, you had mentioned the remediation costs being a headwind on the gross margin this year. Is that something that we should think about as going away for 2016, potentially offsetting the impact of the hedges going away?
Scott Ullem: Thanks, Kristen. There have been significant manufacturing related expenses flowing to the P&L and a lot of those will continue to flow through in 2016. There were some, I will call it one-time expenses, this quarter. It was a minor part of the overall increase in manufacturing expenses. So there is going to be a fair bit that flows into 2016.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. And I guess how much do we expect this year? I guess any idea on how to think about that for next year? Is it half? Is it a quarter? Or just too early to tell?
Scott Ullem: It's too early to really get in detail. What I can tell you it some of the one-timers in the second quarter are really relating to ramping up production. And so as we are trying to get transition over to SAPIEN 3, there are incremental expenses relating to training or occurring some over time. And then we have got ongoing investments or manufacturing quality systems. So again, some of that is going to be one-time, but a good chunk of it is, probably more than half I would say, if going to flow into 2016.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. And then a last question. Just wanted to clarify. Mike I think you had said for the SAPIEN 3 high-risk or intermediate risk rather, did you say that that would be at TCT or no? Just wanted to clarify.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. We said likely that we would see at TCT. But it's too early to say. But yes, that's our thought. We are talking about SAPIEN 3 high risk, right, that's in the PARTNER 2 trial.
Kristen Stewart: SAPIEN 3 high risk. All right. So the SAPIEN 3 intermediate risk would still be at ACC along with the two year follow-up with SAPIEN XT in immediate?
Mike Mussallem: More likely the intermediate risk, that's right, would be at ACC. But again, too early for us to be definitive.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue. I would like to hand the call back over to management for closing comments.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Thank you all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. With that, back to you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying growth rates, sales results excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13613570. Those numbers again, 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and the conference number is 13613570. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co. Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC Bruce M. Nudell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brittany Henderson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kevin T. Strange - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC Matt C. Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson. You may begin.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our first quarter 2015 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include but aren't limited to financial guidance and current expectations for clinical, regulatory and commercial matters. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Additionally, the statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David. We're pleased to report a robust start to 2015 with first quarter results of $590 million in total sales, representing an underlying growth rate of 21%. This reflects strong performance across all product lines and regions. Significant Transcatheter Heart Valve sales once again drove the majority of this quarter's growth with notable contributions from our minimally invasive INTUITY valve and enhanced surgical recovery platforms. And most importantly, even more patients are benefiting from our lifesaving technologies than ever before. In THV, we continue to see strong therapy adoption. Underlying global sales grew 51%. This was driven by continuing strong procedural growth in all major geographies and sales of our innovative new products. Globally, average selling prices remained stable. Outside the U.S., THV sales grew 38% on an underlying basis during the quarter, once again driven by strong procedure growth in Europe and the ongoing launch in Japan. I want to take you through the growth drivers by region. Starting with Europe, we estimate overall therapy adoption grew approximately 30%. Although transcatheter valves have been commercial for eight years, we believe demand remains strong for several reasons. First, general practitioners and general cardiologists are referring more patients to TAVR. We believe this is being driven by growing awareness, favorable clinical outcomes, and stable reimbursement. Second, advanced technologies like SAPIEN 3 are improving outcomes and stimulating procedural growth. And finally, high risk patients in Europe are being treated based on their EuroSCORE as well as physician judgment, which takes into account a combination of age, frailty and comorbidities that support the use of TAVR. With this as a backdrop, our competitive position in Europe strengthened during the first quarter, driven by the introduction of SAPIEN 3 last year. Clinician feedback on this platform has been very positive and sales of this product in the quarter represented more than 90% of our THV sales in Europe. In total, we estimate newer competitors' products were used in approximately 10% of procedures this last quarter. We anticipate growing competition during the remainder of the year from large competitors with newer product offerings. In Japan, our sales grew sequentially. We recently received regulatory approval for our 20-millimeter and 29-millimeter valve sizes, and reimbursement is expected to take effect in the near future. This will help broaden the population of patients who could benefit from this technology. We continue to believe that Japan represents an attractive opportunity for TAVR and will contribute to our growth even as competition increases. Turning to the U.S., reported THV sales for the quarter were $131 million. Although sequential growth was modest, underlying growth, including $10 million of royalties, was 67% versus the prior year. We believe U.S. TAVR overall therapy adoption grew even faster, driven by several factors. First, awareness and adoption are still growing rapidly since the introduction of this therapy in late 2011. This confirms the large previously untreated patient population with severe aortic stenosis. Second, newer technologies, like SAPIEN XT and clinical experience are driving improved outcomes. And finally, hospital economics are improving, in part because of shorter length of stay and improved reimbursement. Providing more clarification on the U.S. THV results, clinical sales from our SAPIEN 3 continued access program were a modest contributor in the quarter, as required documentation took longer than expected. Stocking and consignment had a minimal impact this quarter. Late in the quarter, at the ACC conference, 30-day SAPIEN 3 data for high and intermediate risk patients were presented, which included almost 1,600 patients from 51 U.S. centers. These data demonstrated the lowest all-cause mortality and stroke rates of any of our PARTNER studies as well as excellent results on other key metrics. And while this was only 30-day data, the outcomes are encouraging for the future of the therapy and eventual expansion of the approved indication. Also presented were the five-year PARTNER data for high-risk patients treated with the first-generation SAPIEN valve, which demonstrated equivalent outcomes to traditional open heart surgery and durable valve performance. These results continue to validate the benefits of our SAPIEN technology and should help support the long-term growth of TAVR. Based on the strength of the SAPIEN 3 data presented at ACC, the very positive clinician feedback about the valve's performance and the encouraging discussions with the FDA, we believe it's becoming more likely that we will obtain U.S. approval of our latest-generation valve this year. For modeling purposes, our updated guidance assumes sales beginning in the fourth quarter. Turning to our product pipeline, as we look ahead to the Euro PCR meeting next month, clinicians will present data on their experience with SAPIEN 3 in the commercial setting. And our self-expanding CENTERA valve platform featuring an enhanced motorized delivery system continues to make progress. We began enrollment in our pivotal trial in Europe and continue to expect commercial launch of this new platform in 2016. In summary, we're pleased with the strength of our global THV sales performance. We believe overall TAVR therapy adoption growth rates will moderate due to the strong uptick in the second half of 2014. Additionally, we expect competitive activity will continue to increase. However, in light of the strong start to 2015, we now expect our underlying sales growth in 2015 to be at the high end of our previous 15% to 25% range. Turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy group, total sales this quarter were $197 million, up 5% on an underlying basis. Unit gains across most geographies drove the majority of this growth, while a favorable product mix also contributed to a slightly higher overall ASP. The growth rate of this product group was impacted by the previously discussed exit of certain non-strategic products and this impact will continue throughout the year. Globally, underlying surgical valve unit growth was led by sales of our premium valves across all major regions. Strong sales of INTUITY Elite helped drive growth in Europe, and continued adoption of our PERIMOUNT valves lifted sales in China. In the U.S., we experienced solid growth in both aortic and mitral units, driven by our premium Magna family. Our activities in support of the Edwards INTUITY Elite U.S. approval remain on track and we continue to expect to file the PMA in 2015 and launch in 2016. In summary, we're pleased with the continued strength of our premium products in our surgical valve product line, we're continuing to exit non-strategic products as planned, and we are reiterating our underlying sales growth guidance of 1% to 3% for 2015. Turning to the Critical Care product group, total sales for the quarter grew 3% on an underlying basis, as expected, to $125 million. Usage of Enhanced Surgical Recovery products, or ESR, including FloTrac and ClearSight, grew approximately 20%. Critical Care sales outside the U.S. were lifted by continued adoption in China. Our ESR program, which is focused on reducing patient complications and hospital lengths of stay, plays to our strength as the leader in hemodynamic monitoring. As clinical support for ESR continues to gain momentum, it should enable us to capitalize on the global under-penetrated opportunity. We remain on track with our plan to expand the reach of our non-invasive ClearSight system with our upcoming launch in Japan. So to summarize our Critical Care product line, we're pleased with the continuing adoption of our ESR products and we are reiterating our underlying sales growth guidance of 2% to 4%. Before I turn it over to Scott, I'll close with a brief statement about our transcatheter mitral valve replacement program, where we're pleased with the continuing progress. To-date, we've treated more than 20 patients globally with the FORTIS valve, all of whom had symptomatic mitral regurgitation and who were either compassionate cases or in one of our high-risk surgical registries. And while it's still very early in the program and the road to commercialization is challenging, we are encouraged by what we are learning. As we have said previously, our clinical partners will provide outcomes information at major medical meetings. And with that, let me turn the call over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Mike. This quarter our sales were $590 million, including $10 million of royalties, representing an increase of 13% over 2014. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar continues to have a significant impact. Excluding last year's sales return reserve and the impact of foreign currency, growth in the first quarter was 21%. Non-GAAP earnings per share grew 47% to $1.12, primarily driven by our THV sales performance. This earnings per share was higher than our expected range, primarily because of strong sales and some anticipated selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development spending that was delayed until the second quarter. The stronger U.S. dollar will have an even more significant impact to sales results during 2015 than we forecasted in our last earnings call. Based on current exchange rates, we now expect 2015 sales to be reduced by $190 million compared to prior-year rates. Like many other global companies, Edwards' earnings are subject to significant impact as a result of the large movements in currencies. However, unlike some other companies in our sector, our 2015 earnings will be largely insulated as a result of our foreign currency hedging strategy. Recall that we enter into foreign exchange hedging contracts that generate income at the gross profit line when the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to other currencies. This quarter, our gross profit margin was significantly boosted by these contracts. Additionally, our reported expenses from outside the United States were reduced by these exchange rates. Therefore, our operating margin benefited from the influence of FX rates. If rates remain at current levels, it is important to understand that our company will ultimately realize a significant negative FX impact on earnings in 2016. I'll now cover the details behind our Q1 results, including guidance for the remainder of the year. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 77%, compared to 72% in the same period last year. This increase was driven by a nearly 250-basis point positive impact from FX, an approximate 200-basis point impact from last year's THV product exchange and a 100-basis point improvement from a more profitable product mix. These increases were partially offset by higher spending in our operations. If foreign exchange rates remain at current levels, we expect our full-year gross profit rate to be approximately 77%, driven by the same factors that impacted this quarter. For 2016, at current rates, as favorable hedge positions roll off, we expect the foreign exchange impact to gross profits to reverse next year. First quarter selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3% to $202 million or 34.3% of sales over the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by personnel-related expenses, largely offset by the favorable FX impact on our expenses outside the U.S. We expect a step-up in SG&A expenses next quarter as we incur expenses originally anticipated in the first quarter. We continue to expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 35% and 36% of sales for the full year. Research and development investments in the quarter were $86 million or 14.6% of sales. Although we continued to invest heavily in transcatheter valve programs, expenses were lower than anticipated as certain THV clinical expenses expected in the first quarter are now expected to occur in the second. We continue to expect our R&D investments to be between 15% and 16% of sales for the full year. Net interest expense for the quarter was $2 million, down from $4 million in the prior year. This reduction was driven by lower debt levels and increased interest income from higher investment balances. For the full year, we continue to expect net interest expense to be approximately $10 million. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 24%. We continue to expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 21% and 23%. The tax rate for the first three quarters should be higher than the fourth quarter based on our assumption of a fourth quarter renewal of the federal research and development tax credit. Foreign exchange rates decreased first quarter sales by $41 million compared to the prior year. Compared to our February guidance, FX rates had less than a $0.01 impact on earnings per share. As I mentioned earlier, at current rates, we now estimate a $190 million negative impact to full year 2015 sales, which is $30 million more than the impact we estimated last quarter. The resulting impact to 2015 earnings should be mitigated by our foreign exchange hedges. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $52 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $73 million, less capital spending of $21 million. At the end of the quarter we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.4 billion, approximately 55% of which is outside of the U.S. Total debt was approximately $600 million. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 700,000 shares for $100 million. We now estimate diluted shares outstanding for the full year to be at the high end of our previous range of 109 million to 111 million shares. Now turning to our 2015 guidance. I'll start by commenting on the potential impact of a 2015 approval for SAPIEN 3, which assumes sales beginning in the fourth quarter. We expect the SAPIEN 3 launch in the U.S. to contribute approximately $10 million in incremental sales in the first couple of months. However, due to the required accounting and one-time expenses associated with this product introduction, like our new product introductions in 2014, we are unlikely to record significant incremental net sales or earnings per share in the first quarter of launch. In other words, if we receive approval in the fourth quarter, we would not expect to see any upward lift from SAPIEN 3 until 2016. Due to the strong first quarter performance in transcatheter valves and despite additional negative impact expected from foreign exchange, we expect full year total sales to be within our original guidance of $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion. For Transcatheter Heart Valve Therapy, we expect sales to be within our original guidance of $1.0 billion to $1.1 billion. Given the foreign exchange currency drag, we continue to expect sales for Surgical Heart Valves at the lower end of $780 million to $820 million range, and in Critical Care, at the lower end of our $520 million to $570 million range. For full year 2015, we continue to expect free cash flow, excluding special items, to be between $375 million and $425 million. Given the momentum of transcatheter heart valve sales coming out of the first quarter and the mitigating effect of our FX hedging program, we are narrowing our diluted earnings per share guidance to $4.10 to $4.30, excluding special items. For the second quarter 2015, at current foreign exchange rates we project total sales to be between $580 million and $620 million and diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, to be between $1 and $1.10. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Scott. We're very pleased with the strong start to the year and we  as we continue to focus on driving growth with our leading innovative technologies. Our foundation of leadership coupled with our robust product pipeline positions us well for continued long-term success and greater shareholder value. We are confident in our outlook for continued strong sales growth and we remain passionate about helping more patients around the world. And with that, I'll turn it over to David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Mike. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue, and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hi, Mike. Thanks for taking the question. Can you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I hear you great, Jason.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. And I apologize if you went over some of this. I hopped on the call late; several calls this afternoon. But starting with the TAVI business, I heard Scott say obviously perhaps some impact from SAPIEN 3 in the fourth quarter. Could you give us a sense for the first 12 months after SAPIEN 3 launch and sort of what  obviously given that the competitor is still ramping, what sort of share thoughts you have with respect to your U.S. TAVI business sort of in the first 12 months after the SAPIEN 3 finds its way to the U.S. market?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We're  thanks for that, Jason. We're pleased with our position today. We already have a very strong competitive position, and we're looking forward to actually have SAPIEN 3 add to that strength. Having said that, the only guidance that we're providing at this point is that we think that it's more likely that we get approval this year, and if it were to come in the fourth quarter, we were just explaining that they probably not going to have much financial impact on 2015; it'll occur in 2016. We'd be getting ahead of ourselves to lay out guidance for 2016 at this point, Jason. So, we're going to let that go. I mean, our experience in Europe has been a good one, though.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Right. And the experience in Europe, how informative is it for you and for us as we look at SAPIEN 3's competitiveness there over the last 15 months? And then secondly, in Europe, I apologize again if you went over this in prepared remarks and I missed it, but our due diligence would suggest you've been getting a nice price premium with SAPIEN 3. I'm wondering if that's held in Europe and what your thoughts are with respect to pricing SAPIEN 3 in the U.S. And I'll get back in queue. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jason. Yeah, we have to be careful of not too many questions. But let me go after these. In terms of SAPIEN 3 in Europe, again we're pleased with the way that's doing. You know, it's tough to call out a perfect predictor of what's going to happen in the U.S. A lot depends on whether our competitor gets their new product launched and where their timing is versus ours. So that may be a little different than what we've seen. We've been launching SAPIEN 3 in Europe against an older generation valve of our competition for the most part. In terms of pricing, your point is a good one. We feel like we have commanded a premium price in Europe, and as we commented, our global ASPs are very stable. That's been stable by region, and I wouldn't expect that trend to change with the introduction of SAPIEN 3.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you, and good evening, everybody. I wanted just to start with a comment, Mike, that was in the press release this time, you brought it up on the call about in anticipation that procedure volumes are likely going to slow and competitive activity pick up. I think you made the same comment in the third quarter 2014 earnings call and press release as well. Could you maybe just talk about what timeline you're thinking of when you make that comment? And has anything changed about either the market or your competitive position since you initially made those comments back in October?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, David. Yeah, it's a good comment. I mean, for a while last year I think we were surprised at the rate that the market growth increased, and we particularly saw that uptick come, I would say, starting in about Q3, because Q3 of last year we had SAPIEN XT really kicking in in the U.S. and there seemed to be a real jump in the procedure growth. And at the same time, it seemed as though there was a similar phenomena going on in Europe. So our feeling is that the comparisons get significantly different when you get into the second half of 2015, and we're just calling that to your attention. And also just the fact that competition is intensifying, both from larger competitors as well as more small ones.
David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Understood. And then, Scott, I just want to be very clear on FX, so hopefully just bear with me for a second. So as I think about 2016 and the P&L conceptually, you're going to have, it sounds like, about a 250-basis point benefit this year from currency hedges, so essentially the underlying gross margin is 74.5%. So as we think about 2016 we can make some assumption about what we think is going to happen from a mix standpoint, but the building point is kind of 74.5% on the gross margin because the hedges are one-time, but then as you go down the P&L, things like SG&A, if you're paying someone 100,000, for example, that  assuming rates stay where they are, that's permanently a lower number in U.S. dollars, so the SG&A numbers wouldn't see a reversal like we see in gross profit?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I can make a comment, and Scott could clarify. Yeah, I think generally, your math is correct. I think, when we estimated back at the investor conference time that we would have around a 75% gross margin, we already anticipated some FX drag, probably of 50 basis points, so some of that may have already been in our projections when we projected this year. So that's one piece. And your comments about the SG&A being lower is correct. Those natural hedges will continue.
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: David, what I would just add is I think directionally, your math is right, just taking 250 basis points off of our expected 77% this year. We do expect some mix improvement, but we also expect some ongoing operating expenses to continue onto 2016, and those may grow.
David Harrison Roman - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Let me start with Mitral. Mike, over 20 patients, that's a lot. So I guess my question is, are you willing to kind of talk about the timeline at least for CE Mark approval and the design freeze? Thanks. And then I have a follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks. No, we're very pleased to be gathering this level of experience at this point. And as I said, generally, we're encouraged by this. I think, the way you might think about it is we'd like to make the decision before year-end whether we move forward with the FORTIS design to a CE Mark or whether we decide to wait for a next generation that incorporates a number of enhancements to move to a CE Mark. And we haven't made that determination yet. We'd like to get some more clinical experience. But I do think that we'll make that decision yet this year.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. And then maybe you can talk about what impact you've seen so far from the data presented at ACC in both the U.S. and Europe? And how does the data at ACC affect your long-term market projection of over $3 billion in sales in 2019? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks for that, Larry. Yeah, you know, the ACC meeting actually occurred late in Q1, so it's unlikely that it had any impact really on the first quarter. And it's kind of soon even now, Larry, to estimate the immediate impact on sales. The outcomes are encouraging for the future of the therapy and the eventual expansion and the eventual approval of the indication. So that's favorable, but I don't know that we're ready to offer a formal assessment on what the overall market size will be. That'll be coming in the future.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. I wonder if I could ask about the sequential U.S. growth. I think last quarter was relatively flat and this quarter you saw a modest uptick but still relatively flat. Perhaps you could offer a little bit as to what you see happening and is it a question of needing to train more centers? Or anything would be helpful.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think, your observation is a good one, Raj. We didn't grow sequentially very much from the last quarter, but we think the market remains very favorable. Historically, it's kind of tough to know a lot quarter-to-quarter. Things tend to move around, but the overall trend has been  just been for increased market adoption. And remember, the ACC came late enough in the quarter; probably didn't have much impact. We were I'm sure impacted by the launch of our competitor, who gained some share in the U.S., probably since the end of last year.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then just a question around centers, what's been the pace there? And in terms of new centers wanting to get trained, have you seen any change in that dynamic?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. New centers continue to want to be trained, Raj. I think there's probably something in the neighborhood of around 10 centers that were added since the beginning of the year. But remember, they have to clear the hurdles for the NCD and so they're working through that. But the preponderance of the volume, that doesn't necessarily come from the new centers. They tend to  tends to come from existing centers.
Raj S. Denhoy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Bruce M. Nudell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, just given the success of SAPIEN 3 in Europe, how should we be thinking about CENTERA, its key product advantages and whether you have balloon expandable pretty much to yourselves? Will this really be a good advantage  a good opportunity to take more  even more share?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We're going to learn an awful lot about CENTERA as we go through our clinical trials, Bruce. And so that's going to be key for us and we're anxious. You know, generally we're so optimistic about SAPIEN 3, we think it's going to be not challenging and unlikely that people that are satisfied with SAPIEN 3 are going to switch over to CENTERA. But maybe people that are comfortable with self-expanding platforms are going to like the advantages that CENTERA offers versus other self-expanding platforms. So we'll have to see how that plays out. Again, we're in a rapid-learn mode. We did a fair amount of redesign of the delivery system on this new generation and we're just learning about that now.
Bruce M. Nudell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And just thinking ahead to PARTNER II, I'm presuming SAPIEN 3 will be part of that approval process. And following PARTNER II, if the trial is successful and shows even superiority relative to surgery, is there ever going to be another major U.S. indication trial?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know, it's a good question. It's too early to tell. It's being debated pretty heavily in the clinical community about what kind of clinical evidence becomes important. But it's just too soon. We don't have anything that's really solid to give you at this point, Bruce.
Bruce M. Nudell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Thanks so much. Good afternoon, guys. Can you hear me okay? Sorry I'm at an airport.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure can, Danielle.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you so much. So, Mike, I just wanted to get some perspective on how you're thinking about market growth over the next 12 months to 24 months? I mean it just seems like we have so much momentum building behind the market here. You're seeing it play out in Europe particularly where the valves have been available for several years now and it's a more competitive environment. Yet you're still growing very healthily. And so I was hoping you could sort of provide some perspective on how  what  maybe let me ask you this way; what could derail the market from here? Or what could stop the momentum? Is there anything or is this level of growth sustainable for the foreseeable future?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Danielle, it's a good question. You know, we continue to think there's a large untreated population out there and that the market is going to continue to grow. And we think it's going to grow over a long-term basis because we have a lot of confidence in the fact that this therapy is going to be robust and continue to have future gains. Having said that, it's growing at some extraordinary rate right now, and I don't think there's any reason to expect that that kind of a rate can continue. As I mentioned, the comparisons are going to start getting tougher here in the second half of the year, and so the rate is going to come down but we think the market is still going to grow very nicely. This  broadly, this is the most studied class of heart valves ever, and the fundamentals remain strong. We continue to feel like this estimate that it's more than $3 billion by 2019 is very solid. And so it gives you some sense for how we feel about market growth.
Danielle J. Antalffy - Leerink Partners LLC: Got it. Thanks. And maybe to follow-up on that, one of the questions I get frequently is sort of, are intermediate-risk patients being treated aggressively in Europe and even now in the U.S.? And I'd love it if you could comment on that. I know you've commented in past calls, but any color there would be wonderful. Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. One of the things that I thought was quite instructive is when we had a chance to see what a large group of intermediate patients looked like in the U.S. PARTNER trial, right? So here were a group of I think around 1,000 patients that  whose average age was between 81 years and 82 years old, and these were considered intermediate risk. And so it gives you a sense, I think at one time people used to think that risk as measured by STS would have translated to a younger group of patients. But there's a group that are quite elderly and quite frail that still have scores, STS scores and EuroSCOREs that are quite high. And I think clinicians are using their judgment, they're looking at these patients, and they say, wow, considering their advanced age and their frailty and their comorbidities, I think I'll treat them. But I don't think you should be deluded to think that these are really healthy patients.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much for taking the question. You know, Mike, obviously the surgical valve revenue is holding up well per your guidance. Do you feel like the underlying market is healthy? Or are you taking share from competitors given the referral base and things that are going on in the market?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks. We think that was really noteworthy this quarter, Ben, the fact that in a quarter when we really had pretty explosive growth in transcatheter heart valves that our surgical valves grew really well. And we think the primary reason is that there were just plain more procedures done and that as the market leader we got more than our fair share of that. We may have picked up a little bit of share. I think we're picking up share in places like China. But  and I know  I think, we're doing pretty well actually around the globe. But the biggest component of this is really the market. We think that more procedures are happening.
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: For my follow-up, can you talk a little bit more about Japan and how the launch is going? We're a few quarters in now, put back on track and is there a chance for upside there as people start to get exposure to the therapy more broadly?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. You know, as we mentioned, we got growth this quarter versus the fourth quarter, but it's still off a very small base. So it's not something that's really lifting us very much in that market. As we mentioned before, the adoption rate is probably slower than we originally anticipated. We got this more challenging credentialing process. We're working really hard to drive therapy adoption. We think it's going to be helpful when we pick up these additional valve sizes that are coming up here. But we continue to think it's an attractive marketplace, that it's going to grow to this $300 million to $400 million range yet this decade, by 2019. So we're optimistic about it, but it really hasn't taken off yet.
Benjamin Andrew - William Blair & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis, Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. This is actually James in for David. I wanted to follow-up on a comment that you made earlier. You broke out some math that you did on share in Europe, that now you think that some of the newer competitors in that market have about 10% procedure share. Do you have a sense of if you were to look at that a year ago where you think that metric would have been? And to what extent do you think that the share is coming from Edwards versus coming from the other large established player in the market?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Good question, James. Yeah, I wasn't talking more about  I wasn't giving a forward-looking statement about where the newer competitors were. This was more of a look at the quarter. We believe that the newer competitors represented about 10% of the procedures in the quarter. If you were to go back a year, it was less than that. I don't know what it was exactly. It was probably closer to 5% than 10%. And we think there may be a little bit of that that came from Edwards, but we think that it's been moderate. We actually have done quite well on market share overall in terms of holding.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then second, just on operating expense leverage, SG&A percent of sales this quarter in the 34%s, which I believe is among the lower numbers you've posted for quite some time. Going forward, how important is driving operating expense leverage versus investing to support growth in the business? And when do you think  or what's the year that you think we may see an inflection in terms of operating expense leverage in the P&L?
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Sure. It's Scott. I'll jump in here. First, we've been focused really carefully on trying to drive leverage in the P&L, but we're also being thoughtful about investing in two other areas. One is making sure that our operations are positioned to meet all the requirements we need to make  to meet, and also to make sure that we are positioned to produce based upon the increased demand that we're experiencing. And so that's causing us to incur more expense at the operating line. In terms of the other piece, it's really R&D, and we're going to continue to invest in R&D because we think we're getting very attractive returns on those investments. I think where we'll probably see some more leverage over time is on the SG&A line, and I don't think this quarter is necessarily a perfect indicator of where we're going to come out. We still think SG&A for the year is going to be something more like 35% to 36%, but I can just tell you that we've got plans in place to leverage our scale and leverage the investments we've made in platforms like THV, and we'll continue to see improvement over time.
James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan Chase. Please proceed with your question.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. So two quick follow-ups. So, Scott, why do you think SG&A as a percentage of sales goes up over the balance of the year?
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: A couple of things. First, we expected some additional expenses in Q1 that we now believe we'll realize in Q2. Part of that is relating to ramping up for THV launch of SAPIEN 3 in the U.S. Part of it is relating to normal seasonal increases that we experience in Q2.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, Mike, I want to go back to, I think it was, Raj's question, just you commented about just the U.S. market, which obviously had this moonshot last year after the data at ACC, the SAPIEN XT approval and your competitor coming in. And then it seems to have flattened out at a much higher level over the last couple of quarters. Can I ask the question since we're all here post-ACC, so kind of early indicators; has the market picked up on the back of the data we saw just a few weeks ago?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think we've anything new to share in that regard, Mike. I think, we  our guidance that says now we're at the high end of this 25% growth on an underlying basis for the full year incorporates our best thinking, so we're not signaling at some inflection point in the U.S. market.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. But in order for that to occur I would assume you're expecting that there will be sequential growth over the balance of the year. That would seem the  the math would seem to imply that, right?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think there's probably some sequential growth in there, Mike, but I don't think that it's like we  probably what we sequentially experienced in 2014.
Michael J. Weinstein - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, understood. Okay. Thank you, guys.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Brittany Henderson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, guys. It's Brittany Henderson in for Kristen. Just wanted to ask a quick question, just on the heels of ACC and seeing all of the positive data, is there any update around the intermediate risk portion of the trials for both SAPIEN 3 and SAPIEN XT? Is there any way that that approval could come sooner than expected?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Brittany, I want to make sure that I understand your question. You're asking do  when do we think we might get the intermediate risk cohort of SAPIEN 3?
Brittany Henderson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So yeah, there's a couple of things that still have to happen first. The short answer is we're really not changing our guidance. We think that that's most likely out to be towards the tail end of next year. The intermediate cohort for SAPIEN 3 has not yet reached its one-year endpoint. The XT that was studied in the PARTNER II trial has not yet reached its two-year endpoint. So we think that it's going to work through its normal course at this point.
Brittany Henderson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. I think we heard that SAPIEN XT two-year data is going to be published. Do you have any visibility on when that might be and possibly what medical journal?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me take a look here, Brittany. I'm not positive. I believe that it's been submitted, but I'm not sure what the journal is. So we'll have to get back to you on that one.
Brittany Henderson - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Perfect. That's it for me. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Kevin T. Strange - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. This is Kevin Strange in for Bob. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe as my first question just on competitive dynamics in Europe, it's only been a couple of months, I know, since your competitor launched their recapturable device in Europe. I'm just curious if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the field there? And then maybe just on repositioning (45:53) ability broadly, there's about two or three players in the market in Europe that have that feature, and just in the field as you talk to clinicians, how important do you think this feature is going to be going forward?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. In terms of  I think your first question, is it related to Medtronic's Evolut R?
Kevin T. Strange - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's correct.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So at this point it doesn't appear to us that it's fully launched. It appears that they seem to be going at a different rate from country to country, so it's difficult for us to gauge. But we don't think that it's out there in a large way yet. So it's difficult for us to have a firm view of how it's being perceived. And in terms of other competitors, they are gaining ground. I think the larger strategic guys are probably doing a little bit better. Overall, I mean, I think what's most noteworthy is just how well the SAPIEN 3 valve is growing. I think, the data pretty much speaks for itself and so it seems to be holding up really well under the new competitors.
Kevin T. Strange - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on mitral data, you mentioned that we might see some data later on in the year at large medical meetings. Can you give us a little bit of a preview in terms of what that data might be at PCR or later in the year at TCT in terms of it's going to be more compassionate use data, is this going to be registry data, number of patients? Anything along those lines would be helpful.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks. We've tried to move away from doing compassionate use patients to instead enrolling patients in our registry. And so I think what you're more likely to see presented, at least on our side, might be an update of what's going on in those. I think our competitors are probably doing the same thing. I don't know how much experience there is out there. I would imagine that we have probably more experience than most, but you'll get a chance to see how much clinical experience there is. But we're still at this very early stage in transcatheter mitral valve.
Kevin T. Strange - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Hey, thanks. Mike, in your prepared remarks you called out some softness, or maybe I shouldn't use the word softness, but impacting 1Q was the lack of CAP sales. And I think the CAP you're referring to was SAPIEN 3. So, can you give us an outlook as to when the CAP starts enrolling and the impact that it may have on the year. Then I've another follow-up on SAPIEN 3.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. What I was referring to is, recall that we got approval to use SAPIEN 3 in intermediate use patients in a continued access registry. That, it was 1,000 patients and we expected that to begin, and actually we thought it was going to start contributing to sales in the first quarter and it turned out to have a very moderate impact. It got a slower start than we anticipated. There were a couple of things that made the whole documentation slow. One is that we needed to do new contracts with each of the hospitals. Then also, we're now using the TVT Registry to collect that data and that added a level of complexity. This has gone slower than we thought. We expect it to start picking up here in the second quarter and that to be exhausted during the rest of this year.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: And is this what's giving you confidence to guide to the higher end of your range for overall SAPIEN sales?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think it helps to some extent, but it's probably our strong start, and coupled with our strength in Europe it gives us a lot of confidence, Glenn.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Then just to clarify the SAPIEN 3 comment for revenues in the fourth quarter, you're saying $10 million, but not to model $10 million. And is that because there's going to be swap-outs of XT that serves as an offset?
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Right. So it's Scott. Yeah, modeling $10 million in net revenue is probably good assumption. That's net of the swap impact, assuming it all happened in the same period. The issue is there are also expenses associated with potentially swapping out the product and by the time you get down to the bottom line in terms of earnings, it's really not going to have any impact in that period.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. So, I can put $10 million in SAPIEN 3 in the model, but don't have it fall to the bottom line?
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: That's right.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks, Scott.
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: And again, that's based on a lot of assumptions, like we get approval on the first of the quarter, but that's a fair modeling assumption.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Taylor with Barclays. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt C. Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask one just about the mechanism by which you think you're going to get earlier approval for SAPIEN 3 and whether that informs your ability to get early approvals for anything else?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So with the SAPIEN 3 approval that we're talking about is the high risk indication. Each PMA is truly unique. In this case, I think, there's a good feeling that in this group of patients, which is a heavily studied group of patients, these high risk patients, that you learn an awful lot with 30-day data. And FDA is I think taking that seriously. When you couple that with the strength of the data and then just the encouraging discussions that we've had, and the fact that we're deep in the discussions also helps inform our feeling, our guidance at this point, that's what has us believe that. I don't think that on a wholesale basis that we should start assuming optimistic approval times on other future products.
Matt C. Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Understood. And I guess just because the ACC data was very good, can you talk about expectations for Medicare to revisit their policies at any point in time in terms of the centers that are allowed to do TAVR, whether there may be any changes to the overall coverage guidance?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. So overall, we would expect that there's not going to be probably any changes in 2015. Beyond that there's always a possibility that they open up the national coverage determination. Usually that's preceded by a panel. So I think there would be some warning before that would happen. We would generally be supportive of anything that would open up access to more patients, but we don't see that it's clear that that's going to happen in the immediate future.
Matt C. Taylor - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot for your time.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the follow-up. One clarification; you raised the Transcatheter Heart Valve guidance to the high end of the range, but I didn't hear you talk about the underlying growth for overall sales. I think on the last call it was 7% to 15%. Should we assume that the guidance now is for the high end of that range?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think yes, you should. Yes, we  that's the way to think about it.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. So that still holds, the 7% to 15%, Mike?
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: It's actually  hey, Larry, it's actually 7% to 11%...
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: 7% to 11%, I apologize.
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer:  consolidated sale growth, underlying.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I got it. And the way to think about it is the high end at this point?
Scott B. Ullem - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: That's right. That's a fair assumption.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for taking the follow-up question.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time there are no further questions. I would like to turn it back to management for any closing comments.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. With that, back to you, David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying growth rates, sales results excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use the conference number 13605453. I'll repeat those numbers, 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and the conference number is 13605453. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and CEO Scott B. Ullem - CFO and Corporate Vice President David Erickson - VP, IR
Analysts: Brooks West - Piper Jaffray Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity David Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Partners Ben Andrew - William Blair & Co. Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co. Robert Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch James Francescone - Morgan Stanley & Co. Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our fourth quarter 2014 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are: Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales, gross profit margin, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, interest expense, taxes, free cash flow and foreign currency impacts. These statements also include our current expectations for the timing, status and expected outcomes of our clinical trials, regulatory compliance, submissions and approvals, as well as expectations regarding industry growth, adoption rates for new products and competitive positions. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our Web site at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our Web site. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you, David. Reflecting on 2014, we ended the year with uncertainty around our product launch timing and new competitor activity. We are pleased to have exited the year with momentum and having significantly exceeded our initial expectations. We were proud to introduce several innovative products that helped us maintain our strong global leadership position and resulted in annual underlying sales growth of 13%. This growth was led by 29% underlying sales growth in transcatheter heart valves. Importantly, were particularly gratified to see the meaningful impact that our dedicated employees are having in helping so many patients around the world. For the quarter, we experienced robust growth across all regions with transcatheter heart valves sales that exceeded our expectations, most notably in Europe, driven by the further adoption of SAPIEN 3. Other new products like our minimally invasive intuitive valve platform and ClearSight also contributed to our growth.  Now turning to quarterly specifics. Total adjusted sales were $640 million, representing an representing growth rate of 16%. In transcatheter heart valves therapy, underlying global sales grew 38%. This was driven by strong sales of our innovative new products in Europe and in the U.S. Globally, average selling prices remain stable. Outside the U.S., THV sales grew 41% on an underlying basis during the quarter, once again driven by the strong procedural growth in Europe and the ongoing launch in Japan. Growth was seen broadly across most countries in Europe which speaks to the large number of untreated patients benefiting from strong TAVR adoption. SAPIEN 3 with its enhanced features represented more than 85% of our European THV sales this quarter, and continues to generate favorable clinician feedback. We estimate competitors moderately gained ground in the quarter. While we expect procedure growth rates to slow going forward, we estimate that Europe TAVR procedures grew in excess of 20% in 2014. In Japan, we ended the year slightly below our full-year guidance of $40 million to $50 million. Even though clinicians remain enthusiastic about our SAPIEN XT valve, our launch has been slower than expected due to the Japans extensive site certification process. We continue to believe that Japan represents a very attractive market opportunity for TAVR and we expect adoption will continue to steadily increase. In the U.S., reported THV sales for the quarter, including royalties were $130 million. On an underlying basis, sales grew 36% to $126 million. During the fourth quarter we recorded minimal clinical sales due to the completion of enrollment in the intermediate risk arm of the SAPIEN 3 trial in September. Our performance in the U.S continues to be driven by the strong adoption of SAPIEN XT, which was available in all of our accounts by year-end. During 2014, we added approximately 50 new centers which is in line with our estimate. As a reminder, our SAPIEN 3 U.S pivotal trials for both high risk and intermediate risk patients completed enrollment in 2014. And during the year, we received approval for our SAPIEN 3 continued access program for 1,000 intermediate risk patients. Enrollment in this program began in January. As we discussed at our investor conference, we recently submitted our PMA for SAPIEN 3 in the U.S. Our plan assumes a one-year FDA review process. Based on our estimates, we expect the first approval of SAPIEN 3 in early 2016. At the same time, were actively engaged with FDA to discuss ways to bring our latest technology to patients in the U.S more quickly. At the upcoming American College of Cardiology conference in March, there will be numerous transcatheter valve sessions including late breaking presentations of five-year data from the partner trial and early clinical outcomes with SAPIEN 3. We are planning on hosting an investor update on Sunday evening March 15 to discuss the latest presentations. Additional details will be forthcoming. Our self expanding CENTERA valve platform featuring an enhanced motorized delivery system continues to make progress. We have a pivotal trial set to start in the second quarter in Europe with the expected commercial launch of this new platform in 2016. In summary, were pleased with the strength of our global THV sales performance. We believe current procedure growth rates will moderate and competitive activity will increase. As such, we continue to expect 15% to 25% underlying sales growth in 2015. Turning to the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group. Total sales for this quarter were $206 million, up 3% on an underlying basis. Heart Valve unit gains across most geographies drove the majority of the growth, while a favorable product mix also contributed to a slightly higher overall valve ASP. As expected, sales of Cardiac Surgery System products or CSS detracted from this product groups growth rate. As a reminder, last quarter we discussed the strategic decision to integrate the operations of our Surgical Heart Valve and CSS product lines. Key activities were completed by year-end as planned. Simultaneously we announced our plan to exit certain non-strategic CSS products representing annual sales of $10 million to $20 million as part of our Utah remediation efforts. This is included in our 2015 guidance. Globally underlying surgical valves grew 4% led by unit growth of our premium valves. Growth was strongest in Europe, led by the continued adoption of INTUITY Elite, our minimally invasive valve platform. In the U.S., we experienced double-digit growth in mitral units while pericardial valve adoption propelled significant growth in China. During the quarter, we completed enrollment of our U.S TRANSFORM Trial for INTUITY Elite and continue to expect a 2015 PMA submission. This would keep us on track for a planned U.S approval in 2016. Enrollment in the study of our RESILIA tissue technology remains on schedule and we still expect to complete European and U.S regulatory submissions this year. At the Society of Thoracic Surgery meeting last week, data from the largest single center experience on our INTUITY system were presented which showed favorable early clinical and hemodynamic outcomes. In summary, we are pleased with the continued strength of our premium products in our surgical valve product line. Consistent with our active product portfolio management strategy, we will experience reduced sales growth as we discontinued certain non-strategic CSS products as such were reiterating our underlying sales growth for the total product group of 1% to 3% in 2015. Turning to the Critical Care product group. Total sales for the quarter grew 4% on an underlying basis to $144 million. Growth was solid in the U.S and sales outside the U.S were aided by a favorable comparison as in this -- as inventory levels stabilized in China. Enhanced Surgical Recovery product sales, including FloTrac and ClearSight grew in the double-digits. In 2015, we plan to expand the reach of our non-invasive ClearSight system with our upcoming launch in Japan. The optimization of patients fluid management through enhanced surgical recovery plays to our strength as leader in hemodynamic monitoring. As clinical support for ESR continues to gain momentum, it should enable us to capitalize on the global under penetrated opportunity. Separately at the start of the year, we were happy to officially welcome Katie Szyman who is now successfully transitioned into a new role as Head of our Critical Care team. To summarize, our Critical Care product line, we're pleased with the continuing adoption of our ESR products and are reiterating our underlying sales growth guidance of 2% to 4%. Before turning it over to Scott, I'll close with a brief statement about our transcatheter mitral valve program. We are continuing to make progress in the study of our FORTIS transcatheter mitral valve. As previously discussed, we recently received approval to begin a multi-center early feasibility study in the U.S and expect to begin enrollment during the first quarter. We are continuing to aggressively invest in the development of additional mitral technologies as we believe multiple solutions may ultimately be needed to address this large patient need. And now, Ill turn the call over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Mike, and hello everyone. For the full-year, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $3.50. Net sales increased 13% on an underlying basis. Gross profit margin was 73.7% and adjusted free cash flow was $445 million. In the fourth quarter, we reported adjusted sales of $614 million. Our strong sales performance in transcatheter valves drove an overall 16% underlying growth this quarter. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.06 representing 12% growth over the prior year. The THV sales return reserve added $4 million to reported sales in the fourth quarter. We completed the next-generation product exchanges in the U.S and Europe during the fourth quarter bringing the THV sales return reserve to zero at year-end in closing out this reconciling item. I'll now cover the details behind our results and then share guidance for 2015. For the fourth quarter, our gross profit margin was 74% as expected compared to 73.2% in the same period of 2013. This increase was driven primarily by a more profitable product mix and a positive impact from foreign exchange. These items were partially offset by higher costs associated with our CSS operations in Utah, as well as higher incentive compensation expense. The stronger U.S dollar will have a significant impact to our results in 2015 even more so than we projected at our investor conference in December. Based on current exchange rates, we now expect sales in 2015 to be reduced by $160 million compared to prior year rates. We enter into foreign exchange hedging contracts that generate income at the gross profit line when the U.S dollar strengthens relative to other currencies. If today's foreign exchange rates persist, we expect our gross profit margin for the full-year 2015 excluding special items, to bump up to the range of 76% to 77%. This includes an estimated mix improvement of approximately 100 basis points over last year's adjusted gross profit margin of approximately 74% and currency impact of 100 to 200 basis points. Fourth quarter selling, general and administrative expenses were $223 million or 36% of sales compared to $187 million in the prior year. The largest drivers of the increase were related to the global expansion of transcatheter heart valves and a larger accrual for performance-based incentive compensation. We continue to expect SG&A excluding special items to be between 35% and 36% of sales for the full-year 2015. Research and development investments in the quarter grew 7% to $84 million or 13.6% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in our aortic and mitral valve programs partially offset by lower spending on clinical trials. For the full-year 2015, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 15% and 16%. During the quarter, we recorded three adjustments to our GAAP results as follows: first, the impact of the THV sales return reserve benefited our GAAP net income by $2.5 million or $0.02 per share. Consistent with prior quarters, we excluded this impact from our non-GAAP results. Second, we excluded $10.2 million for a previously announced acquisition of Transcatheter Mitral Valve intellectual property which we expensed as in process research and development. And third, consistent with our reporting convention, we excluded $600,000 of intellectual property litigation expense. Complete reconciliations were included in our press release. Net interest expense for the quarter was $2 million, down from $4 million in the prior year. This reduction was driven by lower interest rates and increased interest income from higher investment balances. For the full-year 2015, we continue to expect net interest expense to be approximately $10 million. Our reported tax rate for the fourth quarter was 17.8% or 16.9% on a non-GAAP basis as we expected. The quarters rate benefited from the renewal of the federal research and development tax credit for 2014. Assuming a renewal again in 2015, we continue to expect our full-year tax rate to be between 21% and 23%. Based on an expectation of a fourth quarter renewal, the tax rate for the first three quarters should be higher than the fourth. FX rates negatively impacted fourth quarter sales by $21 million compared to the prior year, driven by the weakening of the euro and yen. Compared to our recent guidance, FX rates positively impacted earnings per share by $0.01. As I mentioned earlier, at current rates we now estimate a $160 million negative impact to full-year 2015 sales, which is $70 million higher than the impact we estimated at our December investor conference. The resulting impact to earning should be mitigated by our foreign exchange hedges. Cash flow from operating activities for the fourth quarter was $93.2 million. After capital spending of $34.5 million and excluding the tax impacts of previously reported special items, free cash flow was $107.5 million. Turning to our balance sheet, at the end of the quarter we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.4 billion. Approximately 55% of which is outside the U.S. Total debt was $598 million. Now turning to our 2015 guidance. Given the impact of foreign exchange, we expect full-year reported sales to be at the lower end of the $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion guidance range we provided at our December investor conference. We also expect each of our product groups to be at the lower end of our previously stated ranges. Those ranges are $1 billion to $1.1 billion for Transcatheter Heart Valve therapy, $780 million to $820 million for Surgical Heart Valve therapy, and $520 million to $570 million in Critical Care. For the full-year 2015, we continue to expect free cash flow excluding special items to be between $375 million and $425 million. Given the momentum of Transcatheter Heart Valve sales and the mitigating effect of our foreign exchange hedging program, we're raising our diluted earnings per share guidance to $4 to $4.30 excluding special items. For the first quarter of 2015, at current foreign exchange rates, we project total sales to be between $570 million and $610 million and diluted earnings per share excluding special items to be between $1.02 and $1.10. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. In conclusion, Edwards is poised for solid growth in 2015. Our foundation of leadership and our commitment to transform patient care with innovative therapies remain the source of our strength. Our exciting product pipeline positions us well for continued long-term success and greater shareholder value. With that, Ill turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and we will answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Brooks West: Thanks for taking the question.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure.
Brooks West: Mike, can I press you a little bit on the mitral valve comments? You talked about having multiple platforms. Can you give us a little bit more detail on your thought process there? Is it multiple valve platforms, could there be some repair products in there? Just a little bit more about how you're thinking of approaching that opportunity
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, Brooks. Broadly even though we think replacement mitral valve will be a very important offering for mitral patients, we don't think that a single offering is going to be satisfactory for all these patients. We think it's going to take a toolkit, if you will, that will be some replacement products and some repair products and we are pretty aggressive investors to have multiple programs going. We're really only sharing some of the particulars of our Fortis program at this time. But we just wanted to alert you to the fact that we have other programs in the work and that were focused on being a leader in the transcatheter mitral space.
Brooks West: Okay. I appreciate that. And then, a follow-up just on Japan, can you give a little bit more detail about how we should think about that market progressing for you guys? And just kind of understand you might want -- not want to give numbers, but where are you in terms of account penetration and how should we think about that from a revenue standpoint for the next couple years?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks Brooks. We are still early on -- in the launch. I dont know how far along were. I might say that weve trained roughly half of the sites that are expected to qualify, but even though those early sites are not really performing at high volume yet. Its been a pretty deliberate scale up, if you will. Big picture we think its a very attractive opportunity. We projected that it will be a $300 million to $400 market in 2019. So that will build over time, but its our first share was a slow build and even a little bit below our expectations.
Brooks West: Great. Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Raj Denhoy of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Raj Denhoy: Hi. Good evening.
Michael A. Mussallem: Hi, Raj.
Raj Denhoy: Wonder if I could ask about Europe. I think you commented that you were seeing some -- or you mentioned that competitors had gained some ground in Europe. Im curious if you could maybe offer a little more detail around that. Any particular competitors, any particular markets where you might be seeing a little bit more impact?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So broadly although we experience a lot of success and you can see our growth rate, OUS particularly driven by Europe. So weve got very strong growth and probably gained share in a substantial way year-over-year. But if you make a comparison to the prior quarter, there would be a slight loss and this was spread across. We have a number of competitors at this point. This is really spread across competitors, not really concentrated with one competitor or in one country.
Raj Denhoy: Okay. And then my second question is related to what you were first talking about. Its seven or eight years now since the launch in Europe and you are still seeing very strong growth there. And I think you continue to point at the large inoperable population or underserved population. And I dont know if youve any thoughts around where were in terms of penetration into that and really -- how long this growth can be sustained at this point?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We havent predicted this really well so far, Raj. This has been exceeding our expectations. I mean, weve been very vocal that there is a lot of patients on the side line that are underdiagnosed and untreated. And it seems maybe it coincides a bit with the introduction of SAPIEN, but the confidence of physicians is growing, the awareness of physicians and patients is growing. And I think the safety profile have been attractive. So it's continuing to lift as evidence builds. I dont know exactly where were on this journey. Youve seen the penetration numbers Raj from others about how far it is and its still at pretty light levels at this point.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just two for me. Mike, could you give us a little bit of color on the underlying sales of commercial implants in Q4 in the U.S versus Q3. It looks like it might have been flattish. And if thats the case, why was that? Was it share loss, was it pent-up demand in the third quarter for the 29 millimeter valve? And Im asking it that way, because usually Q4 is a little stronger than Q3. And if underlying sales in the U.S were flat, in Q4 whats the outlook for 2015 in the U.S? And I just have one follow-up. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks Larry. I think I know what's behind your question. Yes, they were pretty similar, but youve to remember that we still have significant clinical sales in the third quarter and almost none, no clinical sales in the fourth quarter. So there was quite a difference. There probably was a little bit of a bolus of 29 millimeter demand also in the third quarter. I think that was somewhat muted by comparison in the fourth. I think the biggest difference is clinical sales. We still feel good about our momentum and our share.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Just to understand, I know you said clinical sales were close to zero in the fourth-quarter. But if we -- so when you get the answer you gave about them being similar, Q3 and Q4, that was commercial plus clinical being similar. Is that fair?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thats correct.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Okay, thanks. And then, for my second question, it looks like you're guiding to underlying sales of about 17% to 25% in Q1, 2015. But only about 7% for full-year 2015, which implies a very sharp deceleration in the second through fourth quarter. Is my math directionally accurate and what's driving that? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I dont know about the specifics, Larry. Im not sure, I ran the numbers the same way, but broadly I think your point is a correct one. Our growth rate is higher in the first half of the year where the -- broadly the reported sales are going to be of course be impacted by foreign exchange. But separate from that; remember we had a big step up in sales in the back half of the year. So the comparisons are pretty dramatically different in the back half and the front half, and so the growth rate will also moderate on that basis.
Lawrence Biegelsen: Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jason Mills of Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
Jason Mills: Congrats on a great quarter, Mike, and thanks for taking the question. Can you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, Jason. Thanks.
Jason Mills: Great. Following Larrys question on sort of the cadence of the revenue through 2015 and focusing on transcatheter valves in the United States, XT has -- with the launch of that in the second half; youve relatively easy comp on a year-over-year basis. But how should we think about sort of the cadence of U.S TAVI revenue through the year?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I mean, we still think we have a growing market Jason, and that's the biggest thing and so that will step up. At the same time, we expect competition to be intensifying. We know our competitors are going to be coming with a new product as well. So that will happen at the same time. But having said that, we got a lot of confidence in the performance of SAPIEN XT. I think its proven to be a very popular valve in the United States. So weve tried to reflect all that's in our guidance and I think that's fair, but hopefully that gives you a little bit of color.
Jason Mills: Thats helpful. And just as a follow-up on that, clearly your guidance for 2015, specifically in the United States, doesnt include an expectation that SAPIEN 3 is approved earlier, notwithstanding your conversations with FDA. But I am wondering, what sort of magnitude, just based on what youve seen in terms of adoption of SAPIEN 3 in Europe qualitatively you might -- what color you might give us if we were to see a mid or sort of second half approval for SAPIEN 3 in the United States?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Jason. Yes, youre right. We are clearly assuming that SAPIEN 3 doesnt come till 2016. Of course it would help us to come early. We think it would be very popular with our customers. But we also -- you have to remember were already and what we think is quite an advantage share position and so I dont know that immediately will drive market growth. So really to see it have appreciable impact on our performance, youd have to think that it has appreciable impact and share even beyond where were today. So Id just caution us not to get ahead of ourselves on that one. Its something wed love to make happen and were working on, but I dont think it changes everything.
Jason Mills: Okay. And just on the mitral side lastly, is there a conference that you are pointing to that we might expect to see a more robust update on Fortis?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Im not expecting that there is going to be much at all at the ACC meeting, thats coming up. Id expect that it would be more likely that there would be presentations at the Euro PCR meeting, in May, probably an update on those patients and some of that.
Jason Mills: Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Roman of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
David Roman: Thank you and good afternoon everybody.
Michael A. Mussallem: Hi, David.
David Roman: I wanted to start on the earnings guidance revision that you presented this evening relative to what you gave in December. And I guess specifically, Scott, I was hoping you could just real walk us on the bridge from kind of the $3.90 to $4.10 number and the $4 to $4.30 between what is obviously a negative currency impact offset by the positive hedging impact. And then the positive trends in the underlying business from a mix standpoint, because my quick math I did got the sort of incremental $70 million of FX headwind and the hedging gains year-over-year as basically a wash with one another, maybe a small positive and then the balance coming from underlying performance of the business. So maybe you could just give us some more clarity there?
Scott B. Ullem: I think you just got it exactly right. The FX hedges really -- and our natural hedges from our international locations really offset the incremental $70 million hit to sales. And so by the time you get to the bottom line, it really doesn't have an effect and the reason for the increase from $3.90 to $4.10, up to $4 to $4.30 is really driven by the momentum that weve seen coming out of the fourth quarter in our THV business.
David Roman: Okay. Thats helpful. And then, on that last point on the THV business, is the issue here that youre sort of reaching a more normalized level of profitability in that franchise, that have to do with its becoming a larger percentage of sales? When you say momentum, is that pricing is holding in better? Maybe just help us understand what that means from a P&L standpoint.
Michael A. Mussallem: I could jump in and Scott can supplement David. Yes, we generated more sales in the fourth quarter than we were expected and particularly Europe is performing even at a higher level than we expected. And we expect some of that performance to continue on in to 2015 and that really provides an additional lift from what we anticipated when we gave our guidance at the investor conference.
David Roman: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And maybe lastly on mitral, clearly you are spending a lot on it internally, but why not sort of think about the external options. I mean, TVT obviously youre talking about very different valuations now compared to 2004, but TAVR did come from external investments. Why not reconsider a similar approach here and what does that landscape look like?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, David. Yes, now we try to stay very open minded. We have a team thats specifically charged with keeping track of and staying close to what's happening on the outside, and this is a -- it is a very active space right now. So there are a number of companies with mitral valve alternatives and we try and stay close to them. In the final analysis we just want to be the leader. Were really committed to being the leader in transcatheter mitrals, and we would be willing to do something outside the company. Even though were aggressive investors inside, that doesnt preclude the opportunity for us to do something externally. One of the things that weve learned over time is, it makes us a better acquirer as well if we were to go that direction by having all the experience that wed have by having our own internal program. So, we learned a lot in the process. But its a little early to say what the winning hand is going to be, but its one that were very focused on.
David Roman: Okay and that is all. Really helpful. Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Rick Wise of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Frederick Wise: Good afternoon, Mike. Hi, everybody. Mike, just going back to Europe a second up over 20% and for all the reasons you said, but coming out from another angle, can you talk a little more? Can you give some more color on, who the incremental EU patient is turning out to be? Is it further penetration of high-risk patients because of SAPIEN 3? Or is it further penetration of being intermediate-risk because of SAPIEN 3? And maybe just how that might sort of portend or foretell what's going to happen as the next generation technology gets to the U.S?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Rick. Yes, good question. Were trying to understand that better ourselves. As physicians in the U.S. gain experience and they better understand the risk factors that are not accounted for in risk or we think that theyre starting to view some of this a little bit different. Were clearly seeing patients come off the slide lines, and its really not coming from our -- from surgical patients. Were a market leading surgical valve company in Europe, and we saw very nice unit gains I think in mid-single digits coming out of Europe in the quarter. So, thats really thats where it comes from. So, it remains to be seen. We watch the contemporary data sets very carefully. They continue to show an average age above 80 years old and these patients just have a number of serious risk factors. So, those patients are out there Rick, were still getting a better handle, but that helps a little to add some color.
Frederick Wise: Yes, thanks. And maybe Scott for you or whoever, I have asked you in the past, can you grow in the second half. I mean, did this guidance range, is that -- do I feel better about the tough comps you faced in the second half of 15? And Ill just ask another part of that, maybe Scott you can give us a little more color on operating margins. Its sort of hard to tease out. Maybe help us think through the underlying operating margin expansion X the currency gains given the mix and the margins and SG&A. How do we think about it?
David Erickson: We would have to hold you to one question my friend.
Frederick Wise: Im sorry about that. Yes, sorry just going on, sorry.
Scott B. Ullem: Thats okay Rick, its Scott. Yes, certainly the year-over-year comps in terms of the rates of growth get harder in the second half of the year, but we still feel good about the prospects for growth in the business and what's -- the real headwind is this foreign exchange thats hitting our sales. Regarding operating margin, we have talked about this, we talk about the investor conference, its a really important focus of ours. And I think that during the course of this year and beyond were going to be getting more leverage out of SG&A as we grow our top line faster than we grow our expense base. So, we still feel good about the trend. Obviously our current guidance reflects a pretty significant improvement over operating income margins in 2014.
Frederick Wise: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Bruce Nudell of Crdit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Bruce Nudell: Thank you. Mike, could you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem: Hear you great, Bruce.
Bruce Nudell: Great. Thanks for taking the question. My first question is just a clarification, are model assumptions about $10 million of U.S. royalty and negligible de-stocking correct for the quarter in the U.S?
Michael A. Mussallem: I think thats pretty good. The royalty is pretty close, and I think the de-stocking is also similar. Its not a big number.
Bruce Nudell: Okay, great. And then, just looking at the U.S. market this year for procedures, its about 19,000 or so give or take a couple of 100, and absent indication expansion which doesnt sound like its going to be 2015 event. How should we be thinking about market procedure growth in the U.S. in 2015, I mean, what have you guys been baking in? How should the streets think about it given your guidance?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we have a tough time projecting that, Bruce. I hesitate to take a shot at it. I mean the market grew very fast in the U.S. in 2014 certainly well in excess of 50%. And so, we certainly expect it to slow some in 2015, but Im just [technical difficulty].
Operator: [Indiscernible] with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Just starting with a quick clarification on guidance. So I appreciate, I understand kind of the underlying momentum in the recent four raising your EPS guidance, Scott. But the transcatheter heart valve underlying growth guidance youre keeping at [technical difficulty] I understand the interplay there. Should we just think about that as shifting to higher end or [technical difficulty] as well?
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. We intentionally gave a pretty broad range when we first put out the guidance and so, certainly we think weve moved up a little bit in that range. Thats the short answer.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks. I wanted to spend a minute getting your thoughts on Mike on the intermediate patient risk opportunity. I mean, it seems like this is really the, one of the keys to the underlying market five years from now being a $3 billion market versus a $4 billion or $5 billion market. You had taken out your guidance stuff on the overall underlying market to $3 billion during the Investor Day, what are your thoughts on -- what goes into that in terms of the expansion into their intermediate risks? What are your thoughts on superiority that if that might come through in the intermediate risk group? And then also, maybe give us some guidance on when we might see that data, would that be late this year or early next year?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, so the -- weve got this trial going in our partner too that evaluates intermediate risk patients, and our assumption here and its a trial that looks for non-inferiority. We believe that trial will be favorable, that well pass that trial. And we think this therapy will be popular for intermediate risk patients. And there is a significant number, the group thats measured here goes down to maybe the 50th percentile if you will of surgical patients and so, it opens up a significant population of people whose disease isnt as severe of those being treated today. Remember its probably the top 10% or so of those with severe aortic stenosis that are treated today. And so, it is a substantial driver moving toward that indicator that we gave which we said we thought the market would be more than $3 billion by 2019.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you. And would we be seeing that data. I know that the follow-up will be complete later this year. Would we expect to see that data later this year or would that be more of a next year event?
Michael A. Mussallem: Its one were not sure about. You can be confident that the physicians are very excited about getting that data and getting that data out. So, Im sure they would expedite it, were happy to help them. But its a very large study, all that data needs to be adjudicated because its highly scientific in its approach. So, its a little tough for us to predict when its available at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Danielle Antalffy of Leerink Partners. Please go ahead.
Danielle Antalffy: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. I just wanted to clarify, the data on SAPIEN 3 that were going to see at ACC, is that the data in high-risk patients that was submitted to FDA, and if not when can we expect to see that data?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, were never sure exactly what's going to be presented, but our feeling is that yes, [technical difficulty] were expecting them to be consistent with what weve submitted to FDA.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay, great. Thanks for that. And then, if we think about your guidance and potential for SAPIEN 3 to come earlier than expected, just to follow-up on an earlier question. I mean, how do we think about the potential upside there? Or will [technical difficulty] even if it comes say in the fourth quarter isnt likely to drive upside to the 2015 number, so I mean, how we think about that?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, we tried to be clear, that we really think its in everyones best interest to assume that we get the launch in early 2016. Were trying to expedite that and well certainly talk to FDA, wed love to be able to bring SAPIEN 3 technology to U.S. patients sooner. But based on history and track records thats not obvious, and were obviously also working internally to make sure that we have the capability to do that launch. But I will be speculating to talk about what the impact was and, I spoke about this a little bit earlier too. I would also caution people just to be a little moderate. It would certainly be a lift but I dont know that if its a game changer in 2015.
Danielle Antalffy: Okay. Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. The next is from Ben Andrew of William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ben Andrew: Good afternoon. Mike, can you talk a little bit about what's baked into guidance for Japan because you had 40 to 50, you did a little less in 14, but what's in there for 2015 please?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, were going to try and avoid giving specific guidance by region, rather we gave global guidance Ben, we think were going to get a nice lift. Were going to continue to add accounts. The pace of the rollout that we talked about originally was to be able to qualify four new accounts per month, and we struggled at doing that in 2014, we hope to hit that in 2015. But we really havent given any specific guidance in dollars for 2015.
Ben Andrew: Okay. And then given that the reimbursement bump we saw going into effect October 1, has only been in for one quarter. Why wouldnt the U.S. market expand more aggressively here for the next couple of quarters, even with the easier comparison, its kind of setting you up for a stronger second half?
Michael A. Mussallem: Its a good question. Its a little early for us to understand what the impact of the reimbursement change is, and the behavior of U.S. hospitals. We think their economics have been steadily improving anyway and that the DRG is only a boost. But its tough to sell -- its tough to tell for sure. We certainly see it as favorable and it will continue. We think just because the procedure is so popular with patients and their doctors that this will enable more treatment and allow the market to grow.
Ben Andrew: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kristen Stewart of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Kristen Stewart: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could comment just on the surgical valve growth. I know you commented that it was healthy in the quarter. But could you break out what U.S. surgical valve inner growth was and Europe as well for the fourth quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem: So, the growth rate of dollars in Europe was actually in the high single digits. Units were a little less than that, but we got a lift because this was INTUITY Elite also lifted that growth rate and that is at a premium price thats probably selling at two to three times the price of a Magna valve. In the U.S. the growth, it was in the low single digits and weve -- I think I mentioned in the comments, we got some lifts on the mitral side in particular maybe that paper by Dr. D [ph] that talked about the advantage of mitral replacement versus mitral repair may have stimulated some growth in the quarter.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. And then, just to go back, I guess on the guidance. Again I know David and Derick actually had mentioned this too, but Im still having a hard time reconciling just the commentary on all the sales by product category and maybe I misunderstood going to the low end of the range, and I thought that also included transcatheter valve and then the increase in EPS is, are there hedging gains that actually come in that benefit the bottom line that not only offset currency, but actually give a lift. Just having a hard time kind of going through those numbers.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. So, lets just separate a couple of things. This is Mike, and then Scott can jump in and add further clarification. So when we said that the sales guidance would move towards the lower end of the range, that is -- theres probably more of a dramatic impact in surgical heart valve therapy and in critical care than it is in transcatheter. So, those move nearly to the -- our estimate is nearly to the bottom of those previous ranges, whereas transcatheter heart valve weve got some optimism based on how we exited the year. So, even though its going to be pushed down some it won't be quite as impactful as it is in the other product lines.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. That clears that up. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mike Weinstein of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: Thanks for taking the question. Let me just follow-up Kristen, so just to make sure we all understand it correctly. So, the revenue guidance were down by $70 million, but the operating margin guidance went up by 100 to 200 basis points and 30 basis points of that was organic margin expansion versus the original commentary at the analyst meeting, the rest of it with FX. Is that right?
Michael A. Mussallem: So, Mike I think youre directionally correct, although Im not sure that I heard all the numbers you said accurately. Yes, so we do get lift on the margin because whereas sales -- the foreign exchange changes lowers the sales line were able to actually maintain and increase our bottom line as combination of the hedging program we have and the improved performance in transcatheter heart valves. And so, thats where the lift comes from. Was there more detail that you are looking for there?
Michael Weinstein: Well, I think what Scott had said Mike on the -- at the analyst meeting was that, the original expectation was a 100 basis points of margin improvement -- gross margin improvement 2015 versus 14, and that two thirds of that would come organically and the balance would come from FX and it sounds like the -- today its at a 100 basis points of organic margin expansion and then the balance of that another 100 to 200 basis points from FX.
Scott B. Ullem: Mike, its Scott, I think thats about right. I think youve got it. Again just the bottom line on the guidance increase for EPS really its not so much being benefited by the hedges which offset the sales. Its really more driven by THV and makeshift improvement from THV continuing to grow nicely.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Because if I took your comments literally Scott, at the low end of that margin upside that you commented it will be neutral but at the high end it would be more like $0.15 plus additive at the FX hedges.
Scott B. Ullem: Mike, say that one more time.
Michael Weinstein: So if we take your operating margin, your gross margin and as a result operating margin guidance, that incremental 100 to 200 basis points if its to track out the organic piece of it and the revenue loss which you get to is you get to a wash at the low end of the margin upside, and at the high ends, if you get 200 basis points of incremental gross margin then it adds like $0.15 to the original guidance.
Scott B. Ullem: Okay. That sounds like your math is accurate.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And I just have one, so just to help us as were picking 16, you want to give us any insight into how the hedges play out so we can model our gross margins right beyond just this year?
Scott B. Ullem: Well, in 2016 it depends on where we go during 2015 of course because were putting the hedges on it a year in advance, and so little early tell at this point.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, Ill follow-up. Thanks, Scott.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Bob Hopkins of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Robert A. Hopkins: Hi, thanks. Ill say some follow-ups on that for afterwards, just a while -- just to move on. But I wanted to just follow-up on two quick things, and thanks for taking the question. First on Europe, Mike can you just comment, do you believe that growth in Europe actually accelerated in the fourth quarter relative to what you saw earlier in the year? And maybe if you could just also give in addition to patient-by-patient color maybe some country-by-country color in terms of what you saw in the fourth quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So, when you say growth, you mean like year-over-year growth that it accelerate in the fourth versus the third. I think its probably similar, but it was continued. We saw a lot of that growth in the third quarter and it certainly continued in the fourth. What was the remainder of your question, Bob?
Robert A. Hopkins: Just in terms of any specific country-by-country color that could be helpful in understanding where, what 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, this was really broad based. Weve spoken in the past about how large Germany is, but this -- and so certainly Germany was a contributor, but we saw this across the large countries and small countries, it was very broad based this quarter.
Robert A. Hopkins: And then as a follow-up, two quick things. You mentioned the number of centers that you added in the quarter being about in line is what you expected. Can you give us some updated thoughts now as youre a little bit further along in the development of the U.S. market as to what the ultimate goal might be in terms of total number of centers, obviously theres some CMS limitations there, but just some updated thoughts on how many centers you think could be partners of yours? And then for Scott in terms of priorities for cash if those changed at all since the Analyst Day from a buyback perspective or M&A perspective?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Yes, so said we ended the year around 350 centers. We expect to add some additional centers in 2015 as they qualify, but we dont think thats a really big number. In fact when we think about the growth thats going to come in 2015, we think the bulk of the expansion is going to be from procedures that are done in the existing centers, not so much driven by new centers.
Scott B. Ullem: And Bob, its Scott. To your second question about cash. No, our priorities did not change at all. Our first call on cash continues to be investments in structural heart disease and critical care monitoring both internal investments and external, and I dont expect there are going to be big investments. I think CardioKinetics is a good example of the types of investments were going to make. And then with the substantial cash flow that remains we will likely be directing that towards share repurchase.
Robert A. Hopkins: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Lewis of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
James Francescone: This is actually James in for David. Thanks for taking the question. I just wonder if we get back to Europe for a moment and to what extent, Mike you think growth is being driven there by moving down the risk spectrum versus simply finding out that the higher extreme risk market is simply bigger than we thought. I mean, do you think thats changed at all across the past several quarters as weve gotten more data in lower risk populations?
Michael A. Mussallem: I hope you didnt read my earlier comments that way. We really didnt try and indicate that was moving down the risk spectrum. I think theres been a sort of a greater understanding of risk and what patients are at risk and that the fact that some of the earlier criteria thats based on scoring systems may not fully account for the risk that these patients encounter. And so, I think its just a more informed discussion. I still think were dealing with a high risk group.
James Francescone: Okay, thats helpful. And then, just to follow-up perhaps one last time on currency. I think a question earlier was getting at the idea of what happens when these hedges roll off, and obviously were going to be hedging throughout 2015 for 2016, but assuming that currency were just to stay the same, what would be the impact into 16 of having those hedges roll away.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Well, its tough to look too far ahead because in addition to currencies weve got mix shifts and different geographies where growth mix is different. So, maybe what I can do to help you get there is to just look historically at whats happened. And so, in 2014 for the full year we had a gross margin of 73.7%; that had some FX benefit in it. And then when we gave guidance for 2015 of 75% margin, we got some mix improvement plus some additional FX protection. And I think thats about as much of a trend as I can offer to you, if currency rates stay the same in 2015, then well loose some of the benefit -- well loose the benefit of the hedge contracts, but again youve got other things that are going to happen to our businesses as our mix shifts and we grow in different geographies.
James Francescone: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Joanne Wuensch of BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Joanne Wuensch: Thank you very much for taking my question. What Im sort of asking about is SG&A at this stage. I mean, it went down -- actually it went up year-over-year as a percentage of revenue, rose nicely in terms of dollar amount. Do we think of that coming down over the coming years, and then the question is what are you spending that on? Is that a lot of sales force investment?
Scott B. Ullem: Joanne, its Scott. Yes, its a combination of things including greater investment in growing up the commercial platform to support our THV business. It includes some remediation investments that were making in our Utah facility. And then a big piece of it in 2014 relates to our performance based incentive compensation structure, and we expect in 2015 that that will normalize, and its all baked into our revised guidance that were providing today.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay, thank you. And then as a second question, if we didnt see share repurchase in the quarter and there is no anything that hit the tape in terms of acquisitions, can we conclude that youre quite active in the area of M&A?
Scott B. Ullem: Well, were active in the area of M&A, but its all small investments. It could be intellectual property investments, it could be joint venture, minority investments and so, we have been accumulating cash and weve got that cash available for all kinds of purposes, but I expect that well spend more of that on share repurchase than we will on M&A.
Joanne Wuensch: Okay. Thats very helpful. Thank you. End of Q&A
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone, and with that back to you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates, sales results, excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion in today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415, and use the conference number 13598642. Additionally, an audio replay will be available on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson -  Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our third quarter 2014 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are: Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales, gross profit margin, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, interest expense, taxes, free cash flow and foreign currency impacts. These statements also include our current expectations for the timing, status and expected outcomes of our clinical trials, regulatory compliance, submissions and approvals, as well as expectations regarding industry growth, portfolio adjustments, conversions, new products, competitive positions and reimbursement. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying, excluding special items and adjusted for special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you, David. This quarter, we are pleased with the results in all product groups and regions, with strong double-digit overall sales growth. This was highlighted by transcatheter heart valve sales that exceeded our expectations driven by the strong adoption of this therapy. In Europe, the U.S. and Japan, the launches of SAPIEN 3 and SAPIEN XT are strengthening our global leadership position and allowing a greater number of patients to benefit from this life-saving therapy. Also during the quarter, we began implementing several adjustments to our portfolio, driven by our strategic planning process. These include: Combining the operations of our Cardiac Surgery Systems and Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product lines; the redeployment of glucose monitoring resources into our Enhanced Surgical Recovery initiative; as well as increasing investment in advanced structural heart opportunities. Now turning to the quarterly specifics. Total adjusted sales were $589 million, representing an underlying growth rate of 19%. In transcatheter valves, underlying global sales grew 44% driven by strong growth in all regions. U.S. sales accounted for approximately half of our total THV sales. U.S. and Europe sales exceeded our expectations as adoption grew faster than we anticipated and our new product launches reinforced our leadership position. Our global average selling price was unchanged from a year ago. Outside the U.S., THV sales grew 42% on an underlying basis, once again driven by strong market growth in Europe. SAPIEN 3 is now representing more than 75% of our European THV sales, gained ground across the region and continues to enjoy very positive clinician feedback. Clinicians have rapidly converted to SAPIEN 3, and we expect it to be available in all of our sites by the end of the year. Although the impact of newer competitors in Europe was limited again this quarter, we are continuing to see a modest pickup in their penetration. In Japan, THV sales in the quarter grew to $11 million. While clinicians there are enthusiastic about our SAPIEN XT valve, the procedural success remains very high. The site certification process is gaining the pace of adoption in the near term. We continue to expect SAPIEN XT sales in Japan to be between $40 million and $50 million for 2014, and believe the opportunity for transcatheter technology for these patients is very attractive. In the U.S., underlying THV sales were $126 million for the quarter, including $10 million from royalties and excluding the benefit of a net $17 million sales return reserve reversal. This represents an underlying growth rate of 46% compared to the $86 million reported last year. Included in this quarter's results were lower clinical sales than we recorded in the second quarter and approximately $16 million of negative impact from net stocking. The number of TAVR procedures in the U.S. grew more rapidly than we expected. Additionally, our performance was driven by the adoption of our lower-profile SAPIEN XT and strong demand for our larger 29-millimeter valve. By the end of the quarter, we had shipped SAPIEN XT to all of our sites and expect conversion to be largely completed by year-end. We remain on track with our previously stated goal to add 45 to 65 new sites during 2014. On the reimbursement front, 2 new DRGs for all endovascular valve replacement procedures, including TAVR, went into effect on October 1. In adopting the new code, CMS acknowledged that TAVR patients are different from typical surgical valve patients, and the new DRGs will more accurately reflect the level of hospital resources required. Our modeling suggests this change will result in an improvement in TAVR hospital economics. Enrollment in our U.S. SAPIEN 3 trial of 1,000 intermediate-risk patients was completed last month. As a reminder, we completed enrollment of the high-risk trial in January of this year, which has a 1 year end point. Based on our estimates, we're planning for a first approval of SAPIEN 3 in 2016. At the same time, we're actively engaging with FDA to discuss ways to bring our latest technology to patients more quickly. We are also discussing with FDA a limited continued access protocol for SAPIEN 3. We'll provide updates on our SAPIEN time lines at our Investor Conference in December. In summary, we are very pleased with our global THV sales performance, which exceeded our expectations. Going forward, we believe current market growth rates are not sustainable and expect competitive activity will increase. Given the expected reduction in U.S. clinical sales and the recent FX headwinds in the fourth quarter, we expect adjusted sales dollars to be roughly comparable to the third quarter. We now expect our full year 2014 underlying THV sales growth rate to be around 25%. Turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group. Sales were $203 million, up 6% on an underlying basis. Solid unit growth was seen across all regions, and product mix drove a slightly higher overall ASP. Globally, surgical valve sales grew 7%, led by unit growth of our premium valves. We believe that global surgical valve procedures continue to grow in the low single digits this quarter. In Europe, strong unit growth was driven by building clinician interest in INTUITY Elite, our minimally invasive valve platform. And in Japan, our growth rate has rebounded following competitive introductions over the past few years. At the recent European cardiac surgery meeting, there were multiple presentations on the INTUITY valve platform, which included 3-year data from the TRITON CE mark trial, clinical data from the foundation registry of 512 patients and follow-up on the randomized cadence MIS series. These data demonstrated differentiated clinical performance, increased rates of minimally invasive surgery and improved patient outcomes. We believe this investment in INTUITY evidence will continue to support the growing adoption of this platform around the world. In the U.S., we are on track to complete patient enrollment in our TRANSFORM Trial for INTUITY Elite by the end of the year. As a reminder, we report our Cardiac Surgery Systems or CSS product line in the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group. In our Utah-based CSS operations, we've taken actions to enhance our long-term performance, and those are impacting our near-term results. We continue to aggressively focus resources on addressing the items identified in the warning letter, and the extensive CSS remediation efforts are proceeding on track. And additionally, as part of this action, we're planning to exit nonstrategic products, representing annual sales of $10 million to $20 million. Separately, we made the strategic decision to integrate the operations of our surgical heart valve and CSS product lines. We are focusing our investments in surgical structural heart therapies that combine an implant, MIS products and training that we can support with clinical evidence. We believe this combination will better serve patients, strengthen our surgeon partnerships and extend our leadership. The integration is expected to be completed by the end of the year. Combined, we expect these actions to have a modest negative impact on the top line over the next year, with some expense savings from operational efficiencies, offset by increased investments in our quality organization and advanced structural heart projects. These are long-term strategic adjustments to better position us to deliver new therapies for structural heart patients. In summary, despite the disruption on -- in our CSS product line, we're continuing to experience strength in our surgical valve product line, and still expect underlying sales growth for the total product group to be at the low end of our previous 4% to 7% range in 2014. Turning to the Critical Care product group. Total sales for the quarter grew 4.5% on an underlying basis to $137 million. Sales performance was solid across the board, and we again experienced double-digit ESR product sales growth globally. As a reminder, ESR, or Enhanced Surgical Recovery, is designed to enhance patient outcomes and facilitate shorter hospital stays resulting from better monitoring and fluid management. These ESR products include both minimally and noninvasive monitoring sensors such as FloTrac and ClearSight. ESR is a significant opportunity that we are well positioned to lead, and we believe it will help even more patients, and grow our Critical Care franchise. This rapidly evolving space requires investment and innovation, so we have recently made the difficult decision to refocus resources from our continuous glucose monitoring program to ESR. Although we've been successful in developing and commercializing our GlucoClear technology, there was still a significant effort needed to change clinical practice. Separately, as you may have heard, Carlyn Solomon, our corporate Vice President of Critical Care, has made the personal decision to leave Edwards to pursue another opportunity. We respect his decision and express our sincere thanks to Carlyn for his many contributions as a valued member of our executive leadership team, and we wish him the very best in the future endeavors. We are actively engaged in identifying a successor. To summarize our Critical Care product line, we are pleased with a strong results to date and continuing adoption of ESR products. Therefore, we continue to expect underlying sales growth in Critical Care to be at the high end of our previous 3% to 6% range. We're continuing to make progress on our FORTIS transcatheter mitral program. Heart teams in 4 countries have been trained in our -- on our technology, and 11 patients have been treated to date. In addition to the compassionate use patients, we're continuing our first in-human experience in a European and Canadian multicenter, protocol-driven prospective study. The purpose of this study is to continue our feasibility work in patients who are at high risk for surgery, and to enhance our understanding about patient selection. Although the journey to commercialization may be a long one, and durable success will not be known without significantly more experience, we continue to believe transcatheter technologies can help address the large need among patients with mitral valve disease and expect clinical results to be reported at future medical meetings. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Mike. Third quarter adjusted sales of $589 million exceeded the top end of our guidance range by about 3% and represented 19% underlying growth over last year. Our strong sales performance in transcatheter valves drove non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.80, which was above the top end of our guidance. This represented 14% growth over the prior year, which includes increased incentive compensation associated with the higher sales and increased expenses associated with the portfolio adjustments Mike just mentioned. I'll cover the detail behind these top line and bottom line results and then share guidance for the balance of the year. Edwards reported GAAP sales in the third quarter of $607 million. Our adjusted sales of $589 million exclude the benefit associated with the transcatheter valve sales return reserve reversal. The next generation product exchanges are almost completed in the U.S. and in Europe, and we expect to reverse the remaining $4 million of net reserve in the fourth quarter. The sales return reserve schedule on our Investor Relations website has been updated to reflect this quarter's results. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 72.3% compared to 74.1% in the same period last year. This reduction was driven primarily by a 160 basis point negative impact from foreign exchange, and also 140 basis points of higher costs associated with our CSS operations in Utah. This reduction was partially offset by a more profitable product mix. For the fourth quarter, we expect our gross profit margin, excluding special items, to be approximately 74% as the impact of foreign exchange mitigates. Second quarter selling, general and administrative expenses were $222 million or 37.7% of adjusted sales, compared to $178 million in the prior year. The largest components of the increase were driven by our transcatheter valve sales performance, including larger accruals for sales commissions and incentive compensation, which primarily impacts SG&A expense. Incentive compensation also impacts, to a lesser extent, our cost of sales and research and development expenses. For the full year, we continue to expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 37% and 38% of sales. We continue to aggressively invest in research and development, and spending in the third quarter was $88 million or 14.9% of adjusted sales, compared to $84 million in the prior year period. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in aortic and mitral valve programs. We expect fourth quarter R&D investments as a percent of sales to be comparable to the third quarter. During the third quarter, we recorded 3 adjustments to our GAAP results, which reduced our net income by $7.6 million as follows: first, the impact of the THV Sales Return Reserve benefited our GAAP net income by $11.6 million. Consistent with prior quarters, we excluded this impact from our non-GAAP net income; second, we excluded from our non-GAAP results the cost associated with the write-down of assets related to our glucose program. $2 million of these costs are included in our cost of sales, and $3 million were reflected as a special charge; and third, consistent with prior quarters, we excluded $900,000 of intellectual property litigation expense from our non-GAAP results. A complete reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP net income was included in our press release. Net interest expense for the quarter increased from the prior year to $2.5 million, primarily as a result of our $600 million issuance of 5-year notes last October. For the full year 2014, we continue to expect net interest expense to be at the low end of our $12 million to $15 million range. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 21.6%, down from 23.0% in the prior year. This quarter's favorable rate resulted primarily from an improvement in our European tax position, partially offset by higher sales of transcatheter valves in the U.S. We expect our rate will drop to approximately 16% in the fourth quarter, assuming renewal of the federal research and development tax credit. FX rates had a negligible impact on sales compared to the prior year. Compared to our prior guidance, FX rates had an approximate $0.01 impact on earnings per share. Given the weakening of the yen and the euro, at current rates, there will be additional foreign exchange drag on sales in the fourth quarter of approximately $15 million. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was a negative $6 million, which included a $159 million tax payment related to the prior quarter's litigation settlement. We define free cash flow as cash flow from operating activities of $12 million, less capital spending of $18 million. Excluding the tax impacts of the prior quarter's litigation settlement payment and of our contribution to the Edwards Lifesciences fund, free cash flow was $139 million. For 2014, excluding special items, we now expect free cash flow to be at the high end of our previous range of $325 million to $425 million. Turning to our sales and earnings guidance. As Mike mentioned earlier, given our strong performance in transcatheter valves, we now expect sales in this product group to exceed the high end of our previous range of $830 million to $900 million, and total company sales to exceed the high end of our previous range of $2.05 billion to $2.25 billion. For the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy group, we continue to expect sales of $810 million to $850 million. And in the Critical Care product group, we continue to expect sales of $535 million to $575 million. We estimate fourth quarter diluted shares outstanding to be between 109 million and 110 million. For the fourth quarter of 2014, we project total sales to be between $575 million and $615 million, which reflects the additional expected foreign exchange headwinds. We expect diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, to be between $0.89 and $0.95, which increases our full year guidance for the diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, to a range of $3.33 to $3.39. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. Our strong year-to-date results reinforce our conviction in our focused innovation strategy and point to a bright future for Edwards Lifesciences. Although competition is intensifying, we believe our pipeline of new products positions us well to drive solid organic sales growth and help clinicians address critical unmet patient needs. We are encouraged the new therapies, supported by compelling evidence, are still being adopted even in this challenging health care climate. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. Before we open up for questions, I would like to remind you to RSVP for our 2014 investor conference on Monday, December 8, in New York. This event will include updates on our new technologies as well as our outlook for 2015. More information and a registration form are available on our website. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted just to start with maybe your helping us with any detail you can provide on how things have changed in the transcatheter valve market over the past, call it, 10 months. When we started at your Analyst Meeting last December, I think you painted a fairly conservative or, some might say, bleak picture for your business as well as the overall market and over the course of the year, things have gone better. So can you maybe just help us understand specifically what has changed in the market and in your own business on a year-to-date basis?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks David, good question. I think back at the Investor Conference, we acknowledged that we thought that there would be a pretty good growth rate in transcatheter heart valves globally. I want to say we projected a 25% to 30% growth rate for the market. But we said, it was going to be a difficult year to call, because we had a new competitor in the U.S. We had new competitors coming in to Europe and at the same time, we had product launches coming from Edwards, and that led to a very broad range of outcomes. As things have played out, probably the thing that's most significant is that we find the markets growing faster than we anticipated. It's growing faster in Europe than we thought, it's growing faster in the U.S. than we thought. And you couple that with what I feel are very successful launches of SAPIEN 3 in Europe and SAPIEN XT in the U.S., and that's really resulted in a performance better than we expected.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then as you think about the comment on both on the call and in the press release about the new competition coming, it's, I think very reasonable for all of us to understand why growth at the level you put up this quarter is not likely sustainable. But that sort of begs to reason that a lot of what we thought might have been onetime in nature, this year, whether there's trialing of new products, or a bounce back in a certain market. And what gets this market going again from here, and sort of reinforces the longer-term view in that 2014 wasn't just an easy bounce-back year?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I think the growth of the market sort of speaks for itself. As I said, I feel like it's growing faster than we had originally anticipated, so this isn't just versus a weak comparison. The market is, it's really growing. And I think there's a number of reasons why the market is growing faster than we originally anticipated, but it is. So the competition is coming. There's no doubt about that. We expect that to intensify, but this quarter was not really one that was one-timers that drove this. This is underlying market growth and good performance by our product groups.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then maybe last one for me. Just thinking about how that translates then down the income statement. Scott, I understand that the specifics around incentive comp and the better sales. But what does it take to restore operating leverage to the model, whereby we can get back to a point where EBIT is growing faster than revenue, call it, on an annual basis?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, thanks, David. We have to let others ask questions after this, then.
Scott B. Ullem: Okay, David, this is something we're looking very hard at. Obviously, as we getting ready for our December conference in New York, we'll tell you more about what 2015 holds. But I can tell you that we're looking at how we can try to streamline our operations. We've got a lot of expenses running through the P&L in the third quarter, relating to CSS operations. Some of those will go away in the future. A lot of those will continue and get baked into enhancing our quality programs. But it's something that we're focused on keenly, and we'll talk more about that in December.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo Advisers.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'll ask my 2 questions together here, and they're actually follow-ups on David's questions. So Mike, what is temporary about the current market growth rates? Was there pent-up demand, for example, for the 29-millimeter valve? What -- could you be more specific about what caused the sudden acceleration that we saw? And the second question is, on the new competition intensifying, could you be more specific, is it the U.S.? Is it Europe? Because you seemed to be doing very well in Europe with SAPIEN 3.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Larry. Yes, in terms of what is lifting the market, there are a number of factors that we believe sort of have lifted the market, and we probably underestimated these. The availability of these new 18 French delivery systems have just provided for much more transfemoral delivery and that's -- and that equals, in general, a less-invasive procedure and shorter recovery times. The larger valves have been significant, and that's really contributed to volume. The improving economics, I think, has -- have been seen by our sites, and that is no longer a drag. And just, I think the confidence in the long-term outcomes continues to grow as those results get reported and they continue to the favorable. So that's sort of a high-level summary. It is possible that we are seeing a bolus of patients with 29-millimeter valves. I think we probably sold about, I think, something in the neighborhood of 1 quarter of the valves that we sold in the quarter were 29-millimeter valves. That's a little higher than we were when we were -- had the XT product in Europe, and so there may be some of that, that we're experiencing, Larry, so that's sort of the key thing. In terms of new competition, I think, we know that in the U.S., that Medtronic is still rolling out their product. They're probably in more than half of our accounts. They're still ramping up, so we, I think we're yet to feel their full effect. And we know that St. Jude has been out of the marketplace, companies like Boston Scientific and Scimed are still building up their presence. So we just expect it to generally intensify.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Brooks West with Piper Jaffray.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Mike, I wanted to follow up on your FDA comments, and I understand it's a hard question to answer. But any color, granularity, sense of optimism you could share with us incrementally on either an acceleration of the intermediate-risk label or bringing SAPIEN 3 to the U.S.? And I've got one quick follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Brooks. Really, I don't have anything to share at this point. Of course, we're optimists by nature, but we know from experience that trying to predict early FDA actions is not something that's prudent. And so we'll certainly update you at the Investor Conference of what we learn. We are in discussions with the FDA. We do ask them about accelerating the new product approvals. We are asking them about a limited continued access program, and we just don't have those answers right now.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then, just a quick one for Scott. FX, I think you gave the dollar amount, top line. Did you give the hit to EPS for Q4?
Scott B. Ullem: For Q4, the hit to EPS, we haven't talked about yet. It's difficult to predict what it's going to be, because we don't know where FX is going to go.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Wondered if I could ask, start in the U.S. and for my 2 questions, in terms of the dynamics you're seeing amongst the hospitals here, are you seeing a deeper penetration in those bigger hospitals, or are you seeing sort of a broadening of the utilization at this point?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Raj. We're really seeing it pretty broadly. It's been across the board. We are seeing increased penetration in the larger accounts, but we're also seeing it in smaller accounts. So we're sort of -- it feels like everything was going our way right now.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then within that, is there any insight into what types of patients you're seeing? Has there been this progression down the severity curve as one might expect? Or is it still largely on label at this point, do you think?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I still feel like we're very much seeing high-risk patients and that we're not seeing risk creep. When we look at the average age of patients, that continues to be in the same range as it has been in the past where it's in the 80s. That's what we've seen out of the TVT registry, so. It's still there. I think there's a, there may be different views on the part of heart teams as they're judging these patients, but now we still think we're clearly in the high-risk category. It's difficult, because I know people use, they want to use the SPS score, which is not a great risk score for transcatheter heart valve patients. And so that's still something that's evolving. You still have frailty that's part of this, so. Right now, I think, you have heart teams doing the best they can.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: If I could just squeeze one in on Europe. You mentioned this idea of competition. And I'm curious what you're seeing thus far in terms of how hospitals are adopting the technology. You're seeing hospitals primarily bringing in one large vendor, either yourselves or Medtronic, and then maybe one of the smaller ones, or is it a little more diffused than that, where they might allow both yourselves and Medtronic in, just anything in terms of how you're seeing that market develop would be helpful.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I would say the majority of our accounts have more than one supplier, and that there be a very small, I would say, I don't know, must be, and I'm guessing now that under 20% of our accounts would be exclusive Edwards, maybe less than 10%. So in general, the customers would have a choice on their shelf.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Just trying to get at the EU market growth from a different angle, while that London valve, hearing a couple of things. How much of your acceleration in Europe is Edwards' German market share gain? I'm hearing about dramatic gains there as competitors, obviously you're making some of your larger competitors -- have yet to launch a broad array of sizes. And how much of the growth in Europe has been moved to intermediate-risk patients in Europe, which seems significant?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, so a couple of things, Rick. The -- I think I mentioned in our opening comments that it -- we saw growth in -- pretty much in all countries across Europe. Of course, Germany is the largest country, and so that tends to be outsized in terms of the dollars, but the growth rate was strong in all countries. In terms of what's driving it, there's a few things. Of course, there's a growing body of evidence, and you have to believe the fact that people are being successfully treated and that, that is driving a referral base to be more positive is helpful. I also believe that the new devices further improve outcomes for patients, and that's accelerated the growth of procedures. In terms of going into the intermediate risk, I don't think that's typical. I mean, one of the things worth noting is the -- looking at the growth rate of our surgical heart valve business. It's been very nice in Europe, and so I really don't think that you're -- what you're watching here is a cannibalization effect.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And just one other follow-up on the -- your comments about combining, integrating the rest of the part of the business, and I heard your comments about building a separate structural heart company. I'm just trying to understand how we think about this longer term. Are you thinking about creating a separate structural heart company? Is that Edwards? Or are you thinking about spinning it off or selling it? Is that how we should think about the long run here? Any color would be grateful.
Michael A. Mussallem: No, I'm sorry. Maybe my comments weren't clear. So here was what I was trying to say. Reported under the surgical heart valve products group were -- are 2 individual organizations, one that did Cardiac Surgery Systems, which largely made tools that were used by clinicians. Some of them MIS tools, some of them tools we'd use doing open heart, and the other part of that would be heart valves. So we've decided to combine those 2 organizations. And what we are trying to project here is, that selling tools for minimally invasive procedures, we don't think is as good a strategy as actually being able to introduce a therapy that includes a valve and the tools and us being able to back it up with training and clinical evidence. So that's the direction we're going in, and we have some things in our advanced technology area. We're actually making investments in structural heart innovations that are promising. And so we're continuing to fund those and move those along. We certainly have an idea of keeping those inside Edwards Lifesciences, that's core to our focused strategy, and if those are successful, we'll have something to talk about. But for the most part, those are still early-stage programs at this point, and we'll update you as we make some progress. Does that make sense? Yes?
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Fair enough. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with Credit Suisse.
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Mike, based on our guess, as to a Medtronic report, the market this quarter year-over-year in the U.S. could have doubled. And I guess, could you just help us think about, that the original segmentation of the surgically eligible population that fit in the NCD was really based on NCD score, or STS scores. Now it doesn't seem -- the STS score is an imperfect measure. I mean, like, how many of the -- what percent of the people, who are in fact surgically eligible do you think, really kind of fit into the NCD, given a kind of more liberal definition of high risk?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, Bruce, I know you and others are very good at modeling this. And we believe that there's a very large number of patients with severe aortic stenosis and symptoms that go untreated today, and there's a whole variety of reasons. And we believe that this transcatheter technology is broadly bringing them off the sidelines. And that, that's the single biggest thing that's going on. This is a group that traditionally had not been well studied, and we're all learning more about them right now, but I still believe that, that opportunity is very large, and that we're still in low numbers in terms of a penetration rate. We're going to learn more about it, frailty matters. Right now, it is difficult to use risk scores to try and define who's in the market and who's out of it. People that are frail, people that have had radiation and a hostile chest, they have lower risk scores, but they are perfect candidates for this therapy. That'd be a great example of that. So we're still learning and as I said, we didn't predict the growth rate this quarter either. So this is one that came as news to us.
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And just switching topics. You mentioned that you're kind of moving into protocol-driven exploration of FORTIS. Do you have any feel yet, just qualitatively, which side the questions really remaining on, whether FORTIS is a workable design or really the effort going forward is really to find out which of the patients are best served by a transcatheter mitral replacement technology?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Bruce, good question. And the fact is we're still on a steep, steep learning curve. We -- I think we mentioned early on in the FORTIS program, if we found something that was dramatic, we might consider just stopping the FORTIS program. But obviously, we didn't see anything dramatically negative. And we're continuing to think that it's promising, and we've had some results that have gone on for a while here. We're, so we're anxious to learn just how capable the FORTIS design is. At the same time, our initial treatment of these compassionate patients was certainly a pretty desperate group, not a good way to identify what the real applicability of this therapy is. And so right now, being able to move into a high-risk surgical population is really important to us, and we'll look forward to being able to see those results and report them to you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Clearly, all of us are trying to ascertain from your strong results just how we're going to model going forward. And also, obviously, you're not willing, at this time, to give 2015 guidance. So just -- I was wondering if I could ask you from a qualitative standpoint, as you look at the geographies, over the course of the next 18 months, U.S., Europe and Japan specifically, and think in terms of growth rates relative to where we're likely to end up this year. Looking at those 3 geographies, where do you think you'll see some growth augmentation, if you will, from growth rates going higher and perhaps in Germany, Medtronic has talked about being behind the eight ball because of the injunction earlier and suggested perhaps they'll get better in Germany next year, whether or not Europe, we should be looking at growth rates slowing down a little bit. And then the U.S. obviously, given the results today, it's tough to tell. So just wondering qualitatively, if you look at those 3 geographies over the course of the next 18 months, where do you see growth accelerate and growth decelerate, in your mind?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks Jason. First, a few qualitative comments. Overall, the fact that Europe is still growing at this stage of the game 7 years after introduction, we find pretty remarkable, and we're very pleased with that, and this is without very much indication expansion. The U.S. is obviously still adopting, and the advent of these new systems really seem to have accelerated the growth rate and the additional sizes as well. And Japan is just beginning. And again, we think that probably gets off to a slow start in general, but gains a lot of momentum. Having said that, we're not very good at predicting how this goes on a quarterly basis, and probably are better to think about this on a long-term basis. We believe that the long-term growth rate for the globe is probably in this 15% to 20% growth rate. And we think that, that is one that we still feel comfortable with. We felt that way for some time, and we believe that this will continue to evolve this way. But I hesitate to hazard a guess on what various regions are going to grow in the near term.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: That's helpful color. In the U.S., I believe pre-XT, your transapical to transfemoral mix was about 50-50. I wondering if you can correct me on that if I'm wrong. And I'm sorry if I missed it, I've been jumping between calls, but did you give that number, that mix number for Q3, and sort of now, what you might expect on a go-forward basis over the longer term in the U.S.?
Michael A. Mussallem: I missed the start of the question, Jason, were you asking about the U.S. or Europe?
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes, U.S., Mike, sorry.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. The U.S., right now, we feel like we've moved to about 75% transfemoral with XT. And so that means about 25% is this, is some other kinds of access. We expect this to probably continue, similar to that range based on our past experience.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Mike, sorry to harp on this market growth issue, but just curious as to why the bearish commentary when we, to your point, haven't necessarily accessed the intermediate risk patient population, even, necessarily in Europe, that's still coming on line here in the U.S., hopefully in the coming years, reimbursements improving. So, I guess, what's the right way to think about sustainable market growth if not at current rate, but what's the right level? Because we do have a lot of runway, I would think, considering intermediate risk potentially doubles the market opportunity. How do we reconcile that with the commentary today?
Michael A. Mussallem: Again, Danielle, I just get nervous about taking a specific quarter like the last one, which was just a terrific growth rate and extrapolating that. I feel like it's better to take a look at a long-term perspective, as I say, globally, this long-term, 15% to 20% perspective is a safer way to look at it. What we experienced this last quarter, we just don't think is sustainable as a market growth rate, and we do believe the competitive activity. So I'm not trying to be bearish, I'm just trying to be realistic about the outlook for Edwards.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And one follow-up, unrelated. But just on the GlucoClear program, based on the commentary today on the asset write-down, is it fair to assume that, that program is now dead? Or what's going on with that program?
Michael A. Mussallem: We're still discussing what might happen with that program. We do think it's very valuable. We accomplished a great deal. We have a commercial product, clear path to commercialization in the U.S., a CE mark in Europe, and so we're considering strategic options in that, including partnering.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Can you maybe update us on the contribution, in terms of the retraining efforts you've been undertaking with clinics, to help them speed the process of moving patients through? Is that something that's kind of ongoing? Could that kind be contributing, and is that maybe an additional driver as you broaden that? Or is that largely played out at this point?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Ben. No I -- we see a high level of variability in terms of how well specific hospitals develop their referral base. It's ongoing. But one of the things that hospitals do is they have a, they really work on their length of stay, and trying to improve their economics. But the -- but other hospitals have really invested resources in developing their referral base, and trying to get out there and educating people about the value of TAVR and to try and capture the patients that really could be helped by this therapy, but might go untreated because for some reason, that is just -- not appropriate. If we just treated people within guidelines, there would be many more patients flowing into the system. So I would say it's still a young program. It's one that's developing. I like to think that the DRG changes generally are positive and encourage hospitals to hopefully even put more resources into this.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then my follow-up is, how hard are you having to work to get clinicians on the referral side to push patients in? Is that just taking on its own kind of momentum at this point? Or is that an area where you're actively investing?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks. We probably have limited impact on really being able to do much with that. We can -- awareness is growing, but you have a pretty good handle on what's going on out there in terms of consolidations, the developing -- the development of narrow networks and so forth. And so you have more and more systems that are really trying to put their arms around groups of patients and keep them within their system, and so you got a high level of variability that's taking place out there, but Edwards does not have a major role in that -- in the development of how those patients flow.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Mike, maybe just changing gears for a second here. We think about this particular quarter, you announced a divestiture, a product shutdown and actually division integration or segment integration. I guess the question I have is, is why now? It's a fair amount of transformation in light of tremendous operational excellence, so no one's going to accuse you of not walking and chewing gum. But why now? And in a business that I think everyone's been very focused on, from a transformation perspective actually has been Critical Care, and there is sort of no mention of that. So a lot of transformation, why now, and what are your thoughts on Critical Care? And I have a follow-up for Scott.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, David. For you and others that have been following us for a long time, you know that we have made a serious and continuous part of the way we manage our company, to actively manage our portfolio. And over the years, we've consistently walked away from things that we did not think have a bright future, and try and add things that we thought our customers would really welcome from us. And so there's been a constant transformation of the portfolio. The primary adjustments that we are making right now are -- actually one of them did touch Critical Care. We say a redeployment of resources from continuous glucose monitoring into Enhanced Surgical Recovery. That's a significant shift for us. There was a -- that's a significant amount of R&D that's going to move over. This idea of moving together, the surgical heart valve operations with the Cardiac Surgery Systems operations and taking some of the efficiencies that come from that and being able to invest in new structural heart programs is also a key part of our strategy. And we just think that those are prudent moves that build long-term value. We would be doing that just in terms of the right thing to do for the long-term growth of our company. It's kind of independent of what's going on. We're obviously enjoying a level of success that allows us to be able to fund those changes in the near term.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just quick question for Scott. I mean, Scott, the so-called focusing on the top line. It's pretty clear that the, the bull case for the Edwards top line is certainly coming into investor focus here. So the natural question here is leverage. And I'm wondering if you could talk me out of a couple of notions here. It looks like your absolute level of R&D spending is continuing -- is beginning to ebb, and you've got a significant revenue base to leverage off of, and your TAVR business is certainly going to pop through 40% as business mix heads to next year. So can you kind of talk me off of a notion why absolute R&D spending should not slow, and why margin trajectory on the gross margin side should not be higher or if not materially higher in '15 and '16, based on these trends we're seeing.
Scott B. Ullem: So R&D expenses in the quarter went to $88 million, up from $84 million. So we're going to continue to grow and invest in research and development. It's a little bit lumpy, because a big chunk of our R&D expenses is in clinical trials, and those expenses hit at various given periods. In terms of gross margins, we expect that gross margins are going to improve. The biggest driver of the volatility or shift in gross margins is foreign exchange. And obviously, that's difficult to predict. We had 160 basis point headwind in this quarter, and we think that will mitigate going forward, but we're really focused on gross margin. It's directly tied to our sense of whether we get a return on those R&D investments that we're making.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So just to follow up on David's question there. I might ask it just a little bit differently. At what point do you guys think you'll be comfortable giving some longer-term guidance? And then, and the primary reason I ask is that, most MedTech companies with the kind of momentum that you're showing, ultimately do get to operating margins that are above 30%. And so, I'm wondering: one, at what point might you consider giving some long-term guidance; and two, is there some structural reason why long-term you think you might not be able to get there?
Scott B. Ullem: Look, we recognize that other companies give longer term guidance. We'll give our 1-year guidance in December. Really, at this point, it's tough to put a bead on where transcatheter heart valves are going. And so to project out further than 4 quarters is difficult for us to do with any sense of accuracy. We're a long way away from a 30% operating margin. And we are, as I said before, keenly focused on trying to get leverage out of the income statement. We think we will over time, as on a percentage basis, R&D and SG&A will come down, because the sales line will continue to grow well. But we're focused on it, but it's not going to be an immediate shift in our overall income statement profile. It ought to be over the longer term.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I'm just wondering again, it's not -- wasn't really a question about this quarter or next year, really, I'm just wondering if, for some reason, structurally you think that, that's not a level you could achieve if you continue to have success. And so maybe if you can comment on that. And then the last question I want to ask, because really just, Mike, if you just could give us a quick sense, in terms of the success in the TAVR sales outside United States. Do you think that's really entirely market? Or do you think this is maybe a quarter where you also potentially took substantial share?
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, I'll try to answer the structural question. Now look, structurally, we expect that we are going to continue to improve our operating margins. And I can't predict that we're going to get to 30% at some point down the road, but we really are trying to get leverage out of the income statement. It'll take a little while to get there, but there aren't any structural impediments to improving the profitability ratios.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, and Bob, we had a pretty terrific growth rate outside the U.S., as I mentioned. Some of that is Japan, but the bulk of that came out of Europe. The biggest lift we got was related to what we believe is the market growing faster. Mike, we have gained share -- we might have, but we really don't, aren't able to say that with any level of precision. Our largest competitor reports in an off quarter for us, so it's hard for us to be able to do the exact math on that. And now that we have multiple, smaller players as well, it gets more challenging for us to nail market shares. But yes, we believe we probably improved our competitive position in the quarter as well.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Weinstein with JPMorgan.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'll add to all the different words you've used to describe the quarter, but obviously very, very strong. Let me just clarify 2 items. Mike, the TFTA split that you gave earlier, was that the market in your view, or is that Edwards ?
Michael A. Mussallem: No, that was us, Mike. Thanks for the comment by the way.
Michael A. Mussallem: The 75-25 split was Edwards. I would guess that our competitor would be even higher transfemoral, but I don't -- I can't speak to that with certainty.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And then, I just wanted to pursue the money shift within -- where you're moving money out of the glucose monitoring to ESR, and you're increasing the investment in advance structural heart opportunities, and I was hoping you could help describe for us what are advanced structural heart opportunities outside of the mitral replacement device.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Well, actually, the transcatheter mitral opportunity is one of those places where we'll be increasing investment. In addition to that, we just think broadly in the area of structural heart, that technology is available to be able to treat structural heart disease with interventional or minimally invasive technologies. And this could impact any of the valve positions, and it could even move into patients that suffer from heart failure. And we're not going to be specific on what we're working on, but we have multiple programs that are in our advanced technology area, where we're pursuing opportunities, and we're hopeful that some of those come to fruition. There is some promise there, but still early.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just last question on that. So are those all internal programs, and are any of them in-humans that you could talk about?
Michael A. Mussallem: They're -- most of them are internal, but we also have some external programs. And in general, we'll keep you updated. When they tend to move into humans, you'll hear about them reported at medical meetings.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, our final question will be coming from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions, one for Mike and one for Scott. Mike, just to follow up on mitral, it seems like there's some smaller competitors that seem to be starting some more formalized trials, and you're moving to a little bit of a formalized trial with your Europe and Canadian first-in-man experience. So I'm just wondering, as you look at the landscape, where do you feel you are, competitive-wise? Do you feel like you're in line with some of the smaller players that are starting more formal trials? Or do you feel like you're a little bit behind? And then, Scott, you mentioned your free cash flow for the year's going to be at the high end of the range. You are buying back stock, but you're not buying back stock aggressively. So how should we think about use of cash going forward, as your cash pile continues to build?
Michael A. Mussallem: All right, thanks, Glen, I'll answer your first question. Yes, it's a tough one to call about who's ahead at this very, very early stage. I mean, most of us all just have a small number of patients. And as you correctly noted, some of us are into some more formal studies. But those are still small studies. And so, and I think, it's -- it remains to be seen, sort of who's in front on that sort of dimension. I can tell you that Edwards Lifesciences has an intention to be the leader in transcatheter mitral technologies, but that's for us to work on and deliver.
Scott B. Ullem: And regarding the share purchase, I'll just start with cash usage in general. Our first call on cash is investing in high-returning, internal organic growth opportunities. We are -- we look at outside investments as well. External acquisition opportunities are generally small. And minority investments, joint ventures, buying intellectual property, but that's an important direction for our cash usage as well. And then share repurchase is going to be the biggest use of cash. And we're going to, over time, be an aggressive repurchaser of shares, as we have been historically. But we also want to make sure that we dollar cost average, and that we make sure we're tracking over the -- overall macroeconomic and big picture stock market moves, so that we have a chance to spread out our repurchases, and that's what we're going to plan to do.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Glenn. And thanks, all, for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates, sales results, excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415, and use the conference number 13592286. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - VP, IR Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and CEO Scott B. Ullem - CFO and Corporate VP
Analysts: Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann  Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank Michel Weinstein - JPMorgan Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Ben Andrew - William Blair
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifescience Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson, you may now begin.
David K. Erickson : Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading we released our second quarter 2014 financial results.  During today's call we'll discuss the results included in the press release and the accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO.  Before we begin I'd like to remind you that during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to our expectations regarding sales, gross profit margin, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, interest expense, taxes, free cash flow and foreign currency impacts. These statements also include our current expectations for the timing, status and expected outcomes of our clinical trials, regulatory compliance, submissions and approvals, as well as expectations regarding industry growth expectations, new products, and launch expectations and reimbursement. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today.  Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2013, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, excluding special items and adjusted for special items we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise we are referring to our GAAP results. Information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem:  Thank you David. While our litigation settlement provided a large boost this quarter we are particularly pleased that our sales were better than expected across all product lines, which drove strong bottom line results. The ongoing launch of SAPIEN 3 in Europe helped drive share gains in the quarter and the launch of SAPIEN XT in the U.S. which just got underway in June will enable treatment of an even broader group of patients while helping to reinforce our leadership position in that growing region. Strong contributions from our Surgical Valve and Critical Care product lines also helped drive the results. Even as TAVR competition intensifies with the increasing adoption of this therapy around the globe we believe that we are poised for continued strong sales growth in the second half of 2014.  Now turning to quarterly specifics. Total underlying sales grew 11% to $577 million. These results exclude the impacts of foreign exchange, the THV sales return reserve and include the THV royalty payment which Scott will detail later. In trans-catheter valves underlying global sales grew 19% driven once again by strong OUS sales which accounted for approximately 60% of our total THV sales. U.S. THV sales were more favorable than our earlier expectations and on a global basis pricing was stable. Outside the U.S. THV sales grew 35% on an underlying basis once again driven by strong growth in Europe and the SAPIEN XT launch in Japan.  In Europe adoption of transcatheter valve therapies continues to be quite strong and additionally we believe we gained share with SAPIEN 3. Representing more than half of our Europe THV sales SAPIEN 3 is being well received by clinicians who appreciate its best-in-class low profile and paravalvular leak solution. We have been aggressively launching SAPIEN 3 at the highest volume hospitals and expect to complete the launch by year end. Although the impact of competitors in Europe was limited again this quarter we are beginning to see a modest pick-up in their growth. In Japan, THV sales in the quarter were $10 million and our commercial roll-out there is proceeding on track. We continue to expect $40 million to $50 million of SAPIEN XT sales in the region this year. In the U.S. underlying THV sales were $92 million for the quarter including a benefit of $4.7 million from royalties and adds back the $6 million sales return reserve. The $92 million underlying sales reflects increased clinical sales and an approximate $5 million negative impact from net stocking. Procedures with Edwards transcatheter valves in the U.S. increase sequentially as well as compared to a year ago. We remain on-track with our previously stated goal to add 45 to 65 new sites during 2014. In mid-June we were very pleased to received FDA approval of our next generation SAPIEN XT system for high risk and inoperable indications including transdermal and alternate access systems in the 23, 26 and 29 millimeter sizes. Although with a limited impact this quarter clinician demand has been quite strong for this lower profile system particularly for the larger 29 millimeter size which has allowed for the treatment of patients with a larger native annulus. We are implementing a rapid upgrade of hospitals from SAPIEN to SAPIEN XT and it is well underway. On the reimbursement front we are pleased that CMS proposed two new DRGs for all endovascular valve replacement procedures including TAVR. CMS recognized that TAVR patients tend to be significantly difficult from typical surgical valve patients and as a level of hospital resources required for these patients is usually higher. Overall our primarily modeling indicates average payment increases of 10% to 15% for most hospitals. This change is expected to take effect from October 1st. Although we have always believe that the TAVR opportunity in the U.S. to be large it appears that is an increase in the growth that is being fueled by new lower profile systems, additional valve sizes increased clinician experience and the growing body of compelling clinical evidence. Turning to our pipeline. Enrollment in our U.S. SAPIEN 3 trial of 1,000 intermediate risk patients is on track, to be completed in the next several months. As a reminder, enrollment in the high-risk and inoperable patient arm is complete and we are focused on brining this life saving technical to patients. Based on the enthusiasm clinicians have for SAPIEN 3 and our expectations that it will quickly become the leading transcatheter valve in Europe we have elected to slow the introduction of our Sentara valve platform. This will allow us to incorporate some enhancements that we believe will make Sentara a best in class self-expanding device. In the mean time we continue to gain experience with Sentara and the commercial launch in Europe is now expected occur in 2014. In addition we are pleased to announce that Dr. Martin Thomas will be joining us later this year in a newly created position of Vice President of Medical Affairs for Transcatheter Heart Valves. He is currently the clinical director of cardiovascular series at Saint Thomas Hospital in London and a global leader in transcatheter heart valve research.  In summary, we are pleased with the global THV sales performance and our increasing 2014 sales guidance excluding royalty payments we now estimate underlying sales growth in this product line to be at the high end of our previous zero to 14% range. We continue to believe global transcatheter aortic valve replacements will grow 15% to 20% annually over the longer-term.  Turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy group, sales were $214 million, up 4% on underlying basis driven by growth across all regions and partially offset by a small ASP decline due primarily to regional mix. Our premium valves drove stronger growth in both aortic and mitral units. Sales of cardiac surgery system products or CSS which are part of this product group were flat compared to last year.  In the U.S. Surgical Valve sales grew this quarter laid by unit growth of our premium valves. We believe that surgical valve procedure trends continued again this quarter with an increase in overall procedures in the low single-digits. We are on track to complete patient enrollment in our TRANSFORM trial for INTUITY Elite by the end of the year as well as our COMMENCE trial studying GLX our advance tissue platform.  We are introducing U.S. hospitals to our undertreated patient access initiatives and have seen a number of hospitals begin implementing the program. The introduction of INTUITY Elite lifted results in Europe this quarter and clinician interest is building in this minimally invasive platform. During the quarter three year data from the European CE Mark TRITON trial for our INTUITY Valve platform was presented which demonstrated that these patients had a significant improvement in hemodynamics and heart function.  Based on the continued strength of our surgical valve business but lowered by the performance in our CSS products we now expect underlying sales growth for the total product group to be at the low end of our previous 4% to 7% range in 2014. Turning to the Critical Care Product group, total sales for the quarter grew 9% on an underlying basis to $141 million. We saw strong performance across the board and we experienced double-digit ESR product sales growth across most regions. As a reminder ESR or enhanced surgical recovery facilitates shorter hospital stays resulting from better monitoring and fluid management. These minimally invasive and non-invasive monitoring products include FloTrac and ClearSight. During the quarter we were pleased to initiate the U.S. launch of the ClearSight system, our non-invasive monitoring technology. We believe ClearSight which is integrated in to our EV1000 system is the most advanced non-invasive monitor of its kind. Given our strong first half results and the continuing adoption of ESR products we now expect underlying sales growth in Critical Care to be at the high end of our previous 3% to 6% range. Now turning to our transcatheter mitral valve program, as previously reported data about the first in human experience with our Fortis Valve were presented at EuroPCR in May. This early experience has demonstrated that the Fortis Valve can be successfully implanted and functions as intended. Compassionate patients are continuing to be treated in this early experience with cases now having been performed at four different hospitals. We expect clinicians to report on their progress at future medical meetings. We and the clinicians involved in the Fortis program remain enthusiastic about the opportunity to develop a transformational therapy to address the needs of the many patients who are not candidates for surgical mitral valve intervention. Earlier this year we received a follow-up inspection to our 2013 warning letter in Draper, Utah, which resulted in multiple 483 observations. This facility produces a variety of products including CSS devices and our THV delivery systems. To address compliance issues we are making significant investments in our CSS operations which include increased validation expenses, additional technical talent and expert consultants. Separately we have dedicated resources focused on complying with the agreed upon action plan for the SAPIEN XT delivery system that verifies compliance. Our efforts will result in increased expenses but are not expected to impact availability of key products.  During the quarter we are very pleased to reach an agreement with Medtronic to settle all outstanding patent litigation between the two companies. Under this agreement all pending cases and appeals in courts and patent offices worldwide have been dismissed. We also agreed not to litigate patent disputes with each other in the field of Transcatheter Valves for eight years. We're pleased that we were able to reach an agreement that preserves physician choice while also recognizing Edwards' leadership in the pioneering of Transcatheter Heart Valves.  Under the terms of a patent cross license agreement, Medtronic made a $750 million payment to Edwards this quarter and will make quarterly royalty payments through April 2022.  And now I'll turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott B. Ullem:  Thanks Mike. I am pleased to report that we achieved non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.88 driven by stronger than expected sales in the quarter. Total adjusted sales in the quarter were $577 million an 11.6% growth over last year. This includes royalties of $4.7 million and excludes the global net impact of the THV sales return reserve of $2 million. More detail regarding the sales return reserve is available in our supplemental schedule posted on www.edwards.com.  For the quarter our gross profit margin was 73.7% compared to 76.1% in the same period last year. This reduction was driven principally by a negative impact from foreign exchange as well as the smaller impact of the write-off of SAPIEN Valves in the U.S. in connection with our SAPIEN XT launch.  For full year 2014 we continue to expect our gross profit margin excluding special items to be approximately 73%. Second quarter selling, general and administrative expenses were $216 million or 37.5% of sales compared to $187 million in the prior year. The largest components of the increase were Transcatheter Valves launch related expenses and the larger accrual for incentive compensation. We continue to expect SG&A excluding special items to be between 37% and 38% of sales for the full year.  We continue to aggressively invest in research and development and spending in the second quarter was $89 million or 15.5% of sales compared to $80.5 million in the prior year period. Heart Valve critical studies continue to be one of the largest drivers of our increased spending.  We also increased our investments in our Transcatheter Mitral valve programs. We continue to expect our R&D investments to remain at approximately 16% of sales for the full year.  During the second quarter we recorded four adjustments to our GAAP earnings per share results which provided a $4.21 net benefit but which are excluded from our non-GAAP earnings per share. First, the $750 million upfront payment from Medtronic has been included in our statement of operations and it's listed as intellectual property litigation income which we exclude in our non-GAAP results.  Second, the $50 million contribution to the Edwards Lifesciences Foundation. Third, we are excluding from non-GAAP earnings, a $6.2 million benefit resulting from the release of tax reserves based upon on our current expectations of the outcome of routine tax examinations. Fourth and finally, consistent with prior quarters we excluded the impact of THV sales return reserve in our non-GAAP results which reduced our pretax earnings by $6.1 million.  A complete reconciliation of our GAAP to non-GAAP diluted EPS was included in our press release. Net interest expense for the quarter increased from the prior year to $3.1 million primarily as a result of our $600 million issuance of five year notes last October. For the full year 2014, we now expect net interest expense to be at the low end of our $12 million to $15 million range.  Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 32.7% which was higher than normal as a result of the Medtronic payment. Excluding this and other special items our adjusted tax rate was 22.9%. We expect our rate to be approximately 22% next quarter excluding special items and then drop to approximately 16% in the fourth quarter assuming renewal of the federal research and development tax credit.  Foreign exchange rate increased second quarter sales by $5 million compared to the prior year. Compared to our recent guidance FX rates had less than a $0.01 impact on earnings per share. Looking forward, at current rates we continue to expect a $10 million negative impact to full year sales compared to last year. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $762 million, which included proceeds from the recent litigation settlement. We define free cash flow as cash flow from operating activities of $778 million, less capital spending of $16 million. Excluding the impacts of the payment from Medtronic and our $50 million contribution to the Edwards Lifesciences Foundation free cash flow was $73 million. For 2014, excluding special items we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $325 million and $425 million. In July our Board of Directors authorized a new repurchase program to acquire up to an additional $750 million of outstanding common shares. This supplements the approximately $200 million remaining on our current repurchase program. Turning to our sales and earnings guidance. Given our second-half performance in transcatheter valves and including full year estimated royalty payments of $25 million we now expect sales in this product group to between $830 million and $900 million and total company sales at the high end of our $2.05 billion to $2.25 billion range. For the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy group, we continue to expect sales of $810 million to $850 million and in the critical care product group we continue to expect sales of $535 million to $575 million. We are increasing our full year guidance for dilutive earnings per share excluding special items to $3.24 to $3.34 from the previous guidance of a range around $3.10. For modeling purposes we continue to expect full year diluted shares outstanding to be approximately $108 million. For the third quarter of 2014 we project total sales to be between $530 million and $570 million and diluted earnings per share excluding special items to be between $0.66 and $0.72. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem:  Thank you, Scott. As we reflect on our first half results we are very pleased with the performance we have achieved across all our product lines and believe our future remains bright. Our transcatheter valve franchise is poised to drive market growth through indication expansion and next generation technologies. Our Surgical Heart Valve product line remain strong and we are investing in innovative products to strengthen our leadership position and our critical care product line should continue to benefit from sales of our best-in-class monitoring technologies including the launch of the non-invasive ClearSight system.  Overall, we are confident in our outlook for a continued strong organic sales growth reflecting our focused innovation strategy and our commitment to helping patients. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson: Thank you, Mike. Before we open up the question I would like to encourage you to mark your calendars for Monday, December 8th when we will be hosting our 2014 Investor Conference in New York. This event will include updates on our new technologies as well as our outlook for 2014. More information will be available in next couple of months. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions please re-enter the queue and we will answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator we are ready for questions please.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instruction). Our first question is coming from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity:  Thank you, congrats on great quarter Mike. Can you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah, sure can. Thanks Jason.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity: Great. First question for me is on the transcatheter mitral program. Perhaps you give us a broader prospective on how you are thinking about bringing product to market there both from an internal prospective and your considerations now with the incremental cash from the incremental cash from Medtronic as you have obviously a share repurchase program authorized but perhaps talk about the acquisition of additional program, additional shots on goal. Just generally speaking how you are thinking about building that franchise over the next couple of years?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Sure, thanks Jason. You know we are still early on in terms of the development of Transcatheter mitral valves. We're optimistic about FORTIS program but it's still difficult to fully judge the value. The path of commercialization of mitral transcatheter heart valve is likely to be a long and rigorous one similar to the experience that we had in SAPIEN valves. Our intention is to be the leader in this field. We remain open in considering acquisitions to supplement our existing portfolio but as it goes along with the comments that we made previously we're not really changing acquisition strategy based on the Medtronic settlement.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity: Okay. Just another one. On transcatheter side this time on the aortic in the U.S. is the SAPIEN 3 high risk valve brand [inaudible] 30 day endpoint, I was just curious what the discussions have been or what the possibility would be that you will be able to bring back to market perhaps sooner than what may have otherwise been expected if we would wait for a full one year if thats possible?
Michael A. Mussallem : Yeah. Thanks Jason. We're very excited about SAPIEN 3. We think it's a best-in-class valve. Obviously we're going to work to make that valve available to U.S. patients as soon as we can. We just don't have anything specific to share at this point. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity: Okay. And with that just let me drill in one another one. In the U.S. now have Medtronic on the market, one of the things that we've been discovering in our research is the length of stay is trending down. Seem to be perhaps an advantage that from weve heard with respect to the SAPIEN valves given the -- issues with the Core Valve. I am wondering if there is any data to come or theres any anecdotal discussions that you had that you like to perhaps pass along to us with respect to length of stay and the competitive landscape here in the U.S.
Michael A. Mussallem : Yeah, thanks Jason. We're going to have let others ask some questions. Overall we have been observing length of stay fall. This is something that we've been really working on and have been focusing on for more than a year at this point. It's too early probably for us to detail any comparison between ourselves and Core Valve but really familiar with our own experience and the clinicians that we're associated with are sharing optimism that they're able to drive better performance and we've seen certainly historically. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question. 
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.:
 : Thank you and good afternoon everybody. I want to follow up a little bit on Jason's question here about the impact of Core Valve being on the market. I think Mike if I heard you correctly in your prepared remarks you listed out a few factors that you thought were helping market growth in the U.S. including new technology sizes and indications. Could you maybe help us understand how the competitive landscape has played out over the first six months and whether in fact you are seeing an uptick in demand associated with smaller products and a second player being on the market?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah. So it's a good question, Dave. You got a few things wrapped up in there. It's difficult to peg exactly what is lifting the U.S. market but it feels like that U.S. -- the number of procedures in the U.S. has lifted. We feel that clearly the impact of a low profile system and larger sizes clearly has impact but we also believe that the continued strong data that's been demonstrated broadly in the field of transcatheter valves is also helpful. Did I get your question or there was more in there David? Do you want to restate?
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.:  No, that is what I was trying to get out whether I think coming in to this year you were concerned about the share loss impact and it sounds like there might be a market growth impact to consider as well?
Michael A. Mussallem : That's right. 
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.:  Okay. And then my follow up just for Scott on the gross margin line, maintaining 73% gross margin target, can I just clarify that's a GAAP number because year-to-date you're obviously trending way above that and the impact of the Medtronic royalty base you disclosed in the 8-K sounds like that would add just about a 100 basis points to gross margin for the year. So is there anything else going on in that line that we need to consider?
Scott B. Ullem: The other big thing thats going in that line is just the effect of FX flowing through versus the rates in the second quarter of last year. So FX is the big driver of that shift in the gross margin
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay, but we are not rating gross margin even with the royalties is that implicitly lowering the underlying margin or is that not the right way to look at it?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Sorry David say that one more time?
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Are you lower why would you not raise the gross margin target to give in the now inclusion of the royalty from Medtronic which I am assuming has obviously a 100% margin on it. Are you lowering the underlying margin target here?
Michael A. Mussallem :  It does benefit the gross margin rate to the tune of about 30 basis points but again the big factor that influencing our rate this year versus last year is the FX move.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I got it, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Bruce Nudell with Crdit Suisse. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse:  Good afternoon, thank you. Mike just to be clear royalties and de-stocking basically cancel each other and reserves dont count to get to your 92 and if thats the case it sounds like based on what we know the Medtronic I mean the market to be you know $125 million #140 million so, that means the market and the U.S. grown 35%-40% is that conceivable in your mind?
Michael A. Mussallem :  I think just from what you said Bruce sounds like you math about our sales is correct. I think you got that right. There is a lot of moving pieces and Scott can help detail if you want to get into it. In terms of estimating what the U.S. growth rate I dont know its a little difficult there are so many moving pares right now you know we also believe that one XT is approved some of these patients that have large annulus that might be on the side line came into the system. So, exactly pegging the growth rate is tough but it does appear that we do have lift versus what we are expecting and we are very encouraged by that.
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse:  And my follow-up is regarding Europe, could you just give us some sense of how you think market in aggregate is doing north, south Europe northern or southern Europe overall reimbursement you know constrains et cetera et cetera?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah, thanks Bruce we actually find it remarkable the results in Europe were better than we expected. Of course we were optimistic about SAPIEN 3 but there really appears to be some strong growth in the number of procedures We think its probably going then in the mid-teens and thats not exclusive to a single country thats broadly across the continent and when we try and get into whats behind it I think one of our belief is just the growing body of impressive clinical evidence is helping lift the use of transcatheter heart valves.
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse:  Thanks so much Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem : Sure.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Rick Wise with Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company:  Good afternoon. Mike, you talked about in Europe for the first time it sound like you are saying competing product launching, you are starting to see the impact. Maybe if you can just expand on where you are seeing it, how you are seeing and is that certain geographic area or certain type of product or segment, maybe just give us a little more color and maybe as part of that can you discuss in the United States the impact of what seems to be an acceleration in competing U.S. pivotal -- competing clinical trials getting underway and is that should that be something we should be concerned about longer-term as well?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Okay, yeah, let me try and take the two pieces. First, on Europe CHV competition. Recall going into the year we indicated that we were going to have headwinds and that we are going to see the introduction of two large competitors, both Boston Scientific and Saint Jude. Although we have seen among the same we havent seen substantial impact so far this year. We think that might be because their introductions have been somewhat delayed in terms of having full product line. We expect to see the more complete product from those companies later on in the year. So, I dont does that answer that question?
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company:  Sure. 
Michael A. Mussallem :  And then on the U.S. side so far clinical trials in 2014 have probably have been somewhat similar to what they were in 2013. Remember 2013 we thought it probably accounted for close to 15% of all the procedures done. We are starting to see more clinical trials, its tough for us to define that Rick but we do think it is going to lift in the future those competitive clinical trials.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company:  Which should be an accelerant do you think for you?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Well no I would say depending on the growth of overall procedures if some of them go to competitive clinical trials we would probably feel that. But there are so many movements parts Rick its kind of difficult to quantify that now.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company:  Yeah. Just a quick follow-up on CENTERA the delay and it makes sense that youd want to keep focusing on new kind of capabilities but does this at all suggest that you are less interested or less optimistic about the software expanding segment and maybe if you can give us any color on what you are thinking about there and just the new capabilities. Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem :  Okay, yeah, thanks. No, as a matter of fact we very optimistic about CENTERA. Matter of fact we think that we have shot here to introduce a best-in-class self-expanding THP. There is a number of opportunities though for enhancement that we identified during the initial clinical experience and so as we have seen so much enthusiasm for SAPIEN 3 we just have elected to slow down CENTERA so that we can incorporate those enhancements but no we have not lost enthusiasm. 
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem : Sure.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo Advisors. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities: Good afternoon, thanks for taking the question and congratulations on a good quarter. Let me start with the guidance and then I had a follow-up, so I think I guess you raised the guidance by $0.14 to $0.24, can you kind of parse that out for us? I mean the royalty when you put out the 8-K with Medtronic you expected the royalty to initially be $25 million to $28 million or by our math by about $0.16 but yeah you know you are increasing our sales guidance to the high end. So can you just help us understand know the components of the guidance raise?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah so, I think its a good question and thanks Larry. The point that you mentioned of course we had a beat in the second quarter and yes we got lift from Medtronic. So those things clearly help us but I think as Scott detailed when he talked about our expenses we are going to have a little higher incentive comp. Our performance that is performance based in the second-half of the year and also we have some new expenses related to our CSS products in Draper, Utah. So those provide somewhat of a drag Larry and thats where it sort of nets out the lift that we have in there.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities:  And so just to confirm the royalty you are still expecting $25 million to $28 million this year and then for my follow-up on SAPIEN 3 with the intermediate risk trial coming to an end soon how should we think about the likelihood of a cap and how should we think about clinical implants for you in the second-half of 2014 and 2015 because if you dont get a capital you know your clinical sales which were approximately $25 million in the first-half of this year you know go away thanks?
Scott B. Ullem :  Hey, Larry its Scott. On the guidance for royalties we booked $4.7 million in the second quarter as you know. We expect that for the full year will be around $25 million give or take. There is nominal royalty on top of the U.S. royalty for outside U.S. sales and that will contribute to that the total that we end up booking but $25 million range is the right assumption for now.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities:  Thank you. And then typically -- yeah
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah, and related to clinical sales as we mentioned the clinical sales were up this quarter that was driven by SAPIEN 3 we dont have clarity on whether there was going to be continued access program or not. You know if you are asking us to estimate at this point this might be the higher watermark for our clinical sales you know its difficult for us to say right now.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities:  Thanks guys.
Michael A. Mussallem :  Sure.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brooks West with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray:  Thanks, thanks for taking the question. Mike I wanted to ask a question on hospital profitability and how I might think about the impact of the proposed reimbursement you have spent a lot of time helping hospitals with their profitability I am specifically thinking about the U.S. on THP procedures. Can you give us an idea of how many U.S. hospitals are profitable all in on the procedures and how you think this proposed reimbursement increase might impact that?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah, thanks Brooks. Thats a really tough question. You know when you go from hospital to hospital you get very different accounting system and we are not sure that they are fully transparent with us about their actual profitability. So its tough for us to say. I think we have estimated in the past that on average hospitals used to breakeven on transcatheter heart valves. We think that's been gradually improving overtime as they gain experience and they shorten our length of stay.  We're optimistic that this change to the new DRG is going to be helpful. And we did some modeling on this and there are lot of things that depend on. It depends on hospital case mix, on their practice pattern on their regional payment but we think on average that we model the payment could increase 10% to 15% for most hospitals. 
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then thanks for that. And then on Japan came in a little bit below what we were thinking. You are running about $17 million for the first six month, did you see some -- other companies have seen some weakness in Japan in Q2, was anything specific there and then how should we kind of think about the drivers of the acceleration there to make $40 million or $50 million in guidance? Thanks. 
Michael A. Mussallem : No. We didn't see anything noteworthy but were right on track with our plan. I think we did $7 million in the first quarter, $10 million in the second. It's clearly a ramp and it's building and we continue to expect to be in the 40 million to 50 million range this year. 
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thanks Mike. 
Michael A. Mussallem : Sure.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Partners. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question. 
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann : Hi. Good afternoon guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. Mike I was hoping you could give a little bit more color on the SAPIEN 3 rollout in Europe specifically in the centers in which you launched how much of the growth that you're seeing is market gain versus more aggressive implanting of intermediate risk patients and how much incremental runway do you see there particularly on the intermediate risk patient side of things, any color there?
Michael A. Mussallem : Yeah. It's very difficult to say overall with any level of precision Danielle. Overall we would say no, it's not like a bunch of intermediate risk patients are coming into the system but if you look out our surgical heart valves business it's continued to grow and that would be a good indicator if that we're shifting. But rather we see a general lift in the overall number of procedures and that's almost the biggest impact.  We did note that we have some share gain but we think that's the smaller component of the two compared to procedure growth. 
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann : Okay. And then just as follow up because I am viewing obviously the intermediate risk population as the next leg of growth for this market where theres still some runway on the high risk side longer term of course need that patient population. So what's the first key data point we should expect to see there you got several -- you and Medtronic both have registries in Europe and the U.S. trial what should we expect to see first and when if you can put a timeline to it?
Michael A. Mussallem : Yeah. Broadly Danielle you're on a key point. If the data demonstrates that we can effectively treat intermediate risk patients that clearly be a lift to the field and we're optimistic that will be the case.  Because all that presented in a clinical setting and clinical meetings we really don't have complete control of that and we're not sure when it's going to happen. We're currently and our trial pointed out a two year endpoint so you know what the implications of that are. We continue to have discussions, you can imagine on changing or looking at other options to that but we have really nothing to speak about at this point. 
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann : Okay. Thanks so much. 
Michael A. Mussallem : Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question. 
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC : Hi. Good afternoon. What if I could ask a bit about the competitive dynamic in the U.S. as the quarter progressed with Medtronic obviously the litigation getting settle and with the XT getting on market I am just curious how things ebbed and flowed over the quarter whether you saw accounts maybe moving away to get trained with Medtronic and then perhaps coming back once XT got approved and just trying to get a sense of how that dynamic is shaking out and how you expect this is going to play out for next quarter or two?
Michael A. Mussallem : Yeah. It's a good question, Raj. If you go early back to our investor conference in terms of what we assumed, we thought that they were going to get their high risk approval in Q3 and they actually got that in June so that sort of one third direction. We probably thought our XT approval would sooner although still within our guidance. And so during that period where we have SAPIEN available at the same time they had Core Value they had the ability to treat some larger angulus patients and so we did see accounts trained we did see some larger angulus patients patient go that way and then obviously that changed once SAPIEN was available particularly the 29 millimeter valve and we know that some of these patients were being queued for that.  So I am sorry, related to the approval of XT so, there has been a lot of back and forth in the quarter. I am not sure that you can know exactly where it is we feel like we exited strong and we are strong and we probably didnt see the Medtronic's sort to be as aggressive as we thought they were going to be during this early launch period.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies :  Okay, fair enough and maybe just my second question I was  a about SAPIEN 4 from some clinicians you might in the know and I am curious if you can offer about that or any details you can provide on and if there is a SAPIEN 4 we might hear about anything around will be helpful?
Michael A. Mussallem :  You are making smile Raj you know that obviously there wouldnt be something that we would talk about. We value keeping confidential our next generation development as you might imagine we do work on next generation products. We are working products beyond SAPIEN 3 and beyond CENTERA and you can be sure of that but we dont have anything to announce at this point.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies:  Fair enough, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon. Mike you made a lot new comments about the European market specifically around S3 and there was some comment you made that was news to us, one-third conversion last quarter I think you mentioned one-half conversion second quarter, obviously those are pretty remarkable results but it slowed a little bit on the second quarter. I guess the question I have is what do you think is the barrier why that number wasnt two-thirds in this particular quarter, is it training is it just your focus on specific regions but we would have thought that number could actually been a little higher here in the second quarter even though its a pretty good number?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah I think what we said in our results are about 50% of the sales this quarter were from SAPIEN 3. So I am not sure that it speaks in to some extend the sales are probably a little bit of lagging indicator of exactly whats going on. The conversion across Europe is happening at pretty much our planned pace which is pretty aggressive. We first went into our largest hospitals for the most part and those have been the people we have gone to first but we are just working our way through this in a very uniform fashion. We are pleased with whats going on. I mean you think about we have got a 35% underlying growth over U.S. and so thats even better than we expected.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, and Mike just a related question in the U.S. market around XT is there any reason to believe in across valve sizes or any XT conversion we would expect the XT conversion in the U.S. to be much more rapid to the S3 conversion in Europe is that kind of a safe assumption, can you share with us sort of how youd expect that mix to progress here in the U.S.?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah, there is rapid conversion thats going on from SAPIEN to SAPIEN XT. Its been greatly anticipated and thats been moving very quickly. We expect the vast majority of hospitals to be converted by the end of Q3.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, thank you very much.
Michael A. Mussallem : Sure.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch:  Hi, thank you very much and good afternoon. Would love to start out, Mike if you can just give us a little bit of insight as to what kind of incremental clinical data you expect might come out of the coming TCT meeting here in just you know short period of time are we going to see some tier data on XT and just if you just highlight the confidence and what we should expect that would be great?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah. Thanks Bob. We expect there is going to be a number of key presentations at TCT related to the partner trail. We just dont know right now which ones are being accepted. Remember that partnered data in a publication office thats jointly managed with clinicians and the exactly how thats going to roll out is not clear to us yet but we expect there to be news.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch:  Okay. I guess will just wait on that. And the other thing I wanted to ask on I know the question was asked earlier about SAPIEN 3 in the prospects for a time frame in the United States a little faster than people expect. Could you just give us a sense to what data exists on SAPIEN 3 that you might to be able to show FDA they could shorten that process relative to the current expectations, does any incremental data exists on that front?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Well as we have mentioned we already enrolled our 500 patients high risk trial that was done in 2013 and were rapidly enrolling the 1,000 intermediate risk that will be -- we felt like enrolled here over the next several months. In addition to that there is European data and the European data is not only the data that was used for CE mark but there is Europe registry thats collecting data for SAPIEN 3. So, there is fair amount of data out there already you know quite a lot of patient and so the ability to be able to use that to access the performance will be whats key determinant and our ability to make any more aggressive arguments.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch:  Great, thank you very much.
Michael A. Mussallem :  Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Kristen Stewart with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank:  Hi, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to go back to the U.S. sales and Mike you mentioned I think was $92 million I wasnt exactly sure how that that broke down and sounded like it royalties added back reserves but that I am sure we are stocking clinical kind of out there?
Michael A. Mussallem : Yeah, Scott why dont you?
Scott B. Ullem :  Yeah, sure Kristen hey there a lot of different elements to this and maybe the easiest way to approach it is to say the re-order sales for commercial combined with clinical was $92 million. Three other elements that influenced the GAAP result were or the net stocking charge, royalty and the sales return reserve and thats again to that $86 million thats on the far left hand of the schedule on the website. 
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And so the $86 million would be your non-GAAP U.S. transcatheter valve number?
Scott B. Ullem : No.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank: Sorry?
Scott B. Ullem :  The $86 million is the GAAP U.S. transcatheter valve sales number for the second quarter.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank:  Okay, so to that let me add back to get to non-GAAP your $6 million I guess in sales return or is it the $2 million?
Scott B. Ullem :  Yes, if you had $6 million in the sales return reserve you get the $92 million which is inclusive of the other three elements.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank: Okay, got it. And then just in terms of going back to SAPIEN 3 and intermediate risk. Is it your expectation that will have a one year follow-up period at this point it seems to be adjusted by the clinicaltrials.gov site?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yes, thats our understanding.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank:  Okay, perfect. And then the last question that I had is just to go back a little bit to the lack of I guess better leverage I would have expected given the increase amounts with the royalty and the higher sales result. Can you maybe help us quantify what the incremental cost related to the 43 observations and it sounds to me like you would be expecting to get warning letter is that fair to say? Maybe in the
Michael A. Mussallem :  No, its not fair to say that we are expecting to get a warning letter I think what we say it is that we had a significant number of 483 observations in that. We have two things that we are doing you know one is applying additional resources to our CSS operations and the other focus effort on the action plan around the XT delivery and those two things are driving from cost are not going to detail those out but those significant and they are having they are having an impact on the earnings growth here in the near term.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank:  What exactly are the XT delivery system changes? I assume thats within the market today?
Michael A. Mussallem :  There are no changes. These are simply compliance issues.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem :  Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michel Weinstein with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Michel Weinstein - JPMorgan : Thanks for taking my question. Let me just clarify things from the back of -- thee you sell in U.S. in the quarter the SAPIEN XT are you recording stocking revenue for XT, the existing accounts?
Michael A. Mussallem :  No, we are not.
Michel Weinstein - JPMorgan : Okay, so the net stocking then we get  the positive stocking on new account and the negative account that was that did have inventory and has moved the consignment is my understanding correct?
Michael A. Mussallem :  You understand it perfectly.
Michel Weinstein - JPMorgan : Okay, good, and then Scott I heard you say that on the 2Q you might be in a better position to talk about the use of the proceeds from the Medtronic windfall here, the current with you guys on that point. How do you want us to think about the balance today that you got this great cash position, you're generating good cash flow but it seems like it's being underutilized. And I know thats far from your So could you
Michael A. Mussallem : Sure. It's something we've been spending a lot of time thinking about and talking about with our Board and listening to what investors are thinking and hearing out there. At this point we think the right thing to do is to preserve the cash and liquid shorter duration investments and have it available for share repurchase and potentially down the road funding and it kind of acquisitions. But well, we like buying back our stock. We demonstrated that we brought back stock by $800 million in 2013 or the first quarter of 2014. We also want to be careful about how much we buyback all once we believe in  averaging but you should expect that overtime we're going to active in the share repurchase market. I don't think we likely negative  cash sitting our balance sheet but we're also very deliberate and disciplined on how we spend it. 
Michel Weinstein - JPMorgan : Mike you have been pretty clear on acquisition but more staying structural -- but the challenge there is there hasn't bit a lot of progress outside of what youve done internally, is that still the thought process that structural heart is where you want to stay and you want to want your assets in structural heart is that what you consider for M&A
Michael A. Mussallem : Thanks Mike. We're going to need to let other ask questions after this. But yeah, to your broad point, yes, our focus is structural heart but also critical care technologies so we're focused on our core. Our intention is not some kind of a broad diversification strategy. And even though you maybe havent seen do anything that really sizable or public, we have been active out there looking for the new bright ideas that we might we use, that can be meaningful in the area of structural heart and critical care technologies in the future. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question. 
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC:
 : Hi. Good afternoon. Just had two follow-ups. One on price. Mike I think you said in the quarter pricing really didnt have much of impact particularly on transcatheter valves and I was just wondering in Europe is SAPIEN 3 being priced at a premium and youre discounting for example SAPIEN XT and I am wondering if the same dynamic maybe happening in the U.S. so any additional color?
Michael A. Mussallem :   Yeah. Thanks Glenn. Yeah, in an effort to make sure that we were an aggressive competitor we made the conversion from SAPIEN XT to SAPIEN 3 essentially at the same prices. We had a few places where so for example in the UK where pound didnt move where we made some adjustments but overall pricing is pretty much flat or pretty much constant with the one thing being some discounts for large volume customers.  Much of the same is true in the U.S. where we're moving customers are helping them move from SAPIEN to SAPIEN XT at same prices and so continuing to use the 30,000 for modeling purposes is still a good surrogate.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then just quickly on a follow-up on Mitral so you've done a few implants now and I am assuming that there is going to be some tweaks to the design so I am wondering if you can walk us through the timeline as to when we can see some design changes, when you can initiate maybe first like a small pilot study again and when we can get into perhaps a European transcatheter mitral pivotal trial? Thanks. 
Michael A. Mussallem : Yeah. Thanks Glenn. The bottom line is pretty immature to be able to anticipate a pathway to commercialization. We're still in the midst of our first in human experience still learning a lot and we want to let ourselves complete that experience and gain all that knowledge and insight before we decide on any clinical trial or regulatory pathways. 
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Maybe we'll get an update in December at the analyst meeting?
Michael A. Mussallem :   I hope we have clarity by then, Glenn that's for sure. We will let you know if we do. 
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Thank you. 
Michael A. Mussallem : Sure. 
Operator:  Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraints we will have one final question. Our final question will be coming from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair. Your line is open. You may proceed with your question. 
Ben Andrew - William Blair : Great. Mike can you hear me?
Michael A. Mussallem : Yeah. I hear you great.
Ben Andrew - William Blair : Okay, good so, you have talked in the past about the different down margins on the past as kind of things scale. How is the ramp going with SAPIEN 3 and the margin structure this year your guidance was consistent but is there an opportunity with that in the 2015 to see you know margin moving higher as volume decrease on that?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah, as you can imagine its a scenario of focus for us. We do get improvement that comes along with volume but you also have to anticipate that we anticipated some of that volume improvement. So thats in front of us I hesitate to give the really guidance on margin for 2015 at this point Ben. we will provide a lot more clarity on that when we get into our Investor Conference in December.
Ben Andrew - William Blair : Okay. And then you talked the clinicians wanted to show the mitral data is it possible to see something at PCG?
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah, it is possible I think you all know the clinician community pretty well. If they have some things that they are able to report on and they get accepted by TCT it would be presented by them yeah, I just dont know how to be able to advise you on that.
Ben Andrew - William Blair : Okay, thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem :  Sure. Okay.
Operator:  Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem :  All right, thanks very much for your continued interest in Edwards; Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone and with that back to your David.
David K. Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates, sales results, excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com.  If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use conference number 13585946. Ill repeat all those numbers for you 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and the conference number 13585946. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Scott B. Ullem - Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christopher T. Pasquale - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences' First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson, you may now begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our first quarter 2014 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and the accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to our expectations regarding sales, gross profit margin, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, interest expense, taxes, free cash flow, diluted shares outstanding and foreign currency impacts. These statements also include our current expectations for the timing, status and expected outcomes of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions and approvals, as well as expectations regarding industry growth expectations, competitive impacts, new products, litigation and company growth. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use terms underlying, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, excluding special items and adjusted for special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you, David. We're pleased to report a robust start to 2014 with first quarter results reflecting better-than-expected THV results and solid bottom line performance. This quarter, THV growth in Europe was very strong, even better than expected. This portfolio was driven by strong procedural growth and share gains with SAPIEN XT and the launch of SAPIEN 3, which is off to a great start. In the U.S., we're still awaiting approval of SAPIEN XT, which is important, as it will provide greater options for U.S. patients who can benefit from the substantial enhancements in this proven platform. And even though we continue to expect competitive headwinds to tamper growth in 2014, we remain confident that our innovative pipeline of products will enable us to lift growth in 2015 and beyond. Now turning to quarterly specifics. Total underlying sales grew 8% to $529 million. These results exclude the impacts of foreign exchange and the THV sales return reserve, which Scott will elaborate on later. In transcatheter valves, underlying global sales grew 14%, driven by higher-than-planned OUS sales, which accounted for approximately 60% of the total sales. THV sales in the U.S. were roughly in line with our expectations. Overall, pricing was stable. Outside the U.S., THV sales grew 33% on an underlying basis, driven by exceptionally strong growth in Europe and the ongoing rollout of SAPIEN XT in Japan. The positive procedural growth trends in Europe that we saw in the second half of last year further strengthened so far this year, and we estimate this drove well over half of our OUS growth in the quarter. In the first quarter in Europe, where all our latest competitive products are available, we feel it was noteworthy that SAPIEN XT continued to gain market share in accounts not yet converted to SAPIEN 3. More recent competitors still are having limited impact in the region. Our SAPIEN 3 valve is receiving a very favorable response from clinicians. Noted for its lower profile and the ability to address paravalvular leak, SAPIEN 3 represents our best technology to date, and we believe it is helping to stimulate further market growth. With just 2 months of the launch underway, SAPIEN 3 accounted for almost 1/3 of our OUS sales this quarter. In Japan, we're pleased with how our launch of SAPIEN XT is progressing. In our second quarter of launch, THV sales in that country were $7 million, and we continue to expect $40 million to $50 million of SAPIEN XT sales this year. In the U.S., underlying THV commercial and clinical sales were $78 million for the quarter, which also included a negative net stocking amount that reduced this figure by approximately 10%. While there were limited stocking sales this quarter, they were more than offset by our rapid conversion of customers to consignment. Excluding the impact of net stocking in both period, usage grew in the mid-teens year-over-year. During the quarter, we continued to add new commercial sites and remain on track with our previously stated goal to add 45 to 65 new sites during 2014. Clinical sales were comparable to last quarter. As evidenced in Europe, where TAVR has been available since 2007, we believe the U.S. opportunity is large and we continue to demonstrate, and will continue to demonstrate strong growth. This confidence is supported by the growing body of impressive clinical evidence, advancements in procedural technique and patient selection, as well as new devices that can expand access to more patients. Turning to our pipeline. We are confident that we will receive FDA approval of our SAPIEN XT system this quarter, and we're prepared to launch immediately. Receiving these approval is important and it will provide greater options for patients who can benefit from the substantial enhancements of this proven platform. Enrollment in our U.S. SAPIEN 3 trial of 1,000 intermediate risk patients is on track, to be completed by the end of the year. As a reminder, enrollment in this high-risk and inoperable arm -- enrollment in the high-risk and inoperable patient arm is complete, and we continue to estimate FDA approval for these patients in 2016. At EuroPCR meeting next month, clinicians will present data on the early experience with SAPIEN 3. We expect these data will demonstrate a notable reduction in PV Leak, an important complication. In the earliest clinical experience, a higher-than-expected pacemaker rate was observed, which has subsequently been addressed by the valve placement technique. In our sizable commercial experience, pacemaker rates have returned to best-in-class levels. In summary, we're pleased with our transcatheter sales results in Europe, Japan and the U.S. this quarter, and continue to believe global TAVR procedures will grow 15% to 20% annually over the longer term. We will provide updated guidance at our next earnings update, when SAPIEN XT is approved. Turning to the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group. Sales were $203 million, up 4% on an underlying basis, driven by healthy unit growth, partially offset by a small ASP decline. The decline was a result of a change in regional selling mix, as pricing within each region remains stable. In the U.S., surgical valve sales grew 6% this quarter, led by units. We believe the favorable surgical valve market trends continued this quarter with an overall -- with an increase in overall procedures in low-single digits. In addition, we believe many physicians continue to return to the paramount valve family after trying competitor products. Earlier this month, we were pleased to receive CE Mark for our advanced INTUITY Elite valve system. We've initiated the launch in Europe. At the upcoming April 8, THV in Toronto, 3-year data from the European CE Mark train and trial will be presented. We expect OUS sales of INTUITY Elite to gain momentum as 2014 progresses. In the U.S., we are continuing to enroll patients in our transform trial for INTUITY Elite and our COMMENCE trial studying GLX, our advanced tissue platform on aortic and Mitral Magna Ease valves. Both remain on track to be completed by the end of the year. We're also pleased that 25-year follow-up data with our valve and the mitral position has now been published in the Journal of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery. This series of data demonstrated best-in-class valve durability in these 450 patients. Given the solid start to the year and favorable market conditions, we continue to expect underlying sales growth of this product group to be in the 4% to 7% range in 2014, driven by additional traction of INTUITY Elite in Europe. Turning to the clinical care product group. Total sales for the quarter was $131 million, which grew 5% on an underlying basis. Growth was driven by core hemodynamic products outside the U.S. and enhanced surgical recovery products in the U.S. As a reminder, ESR includes our minimally and noninvasive products, such as FloTrac and ClearSight. During the quarter, we initiated the European launch of ClearSight, our integrated, noninvasive monitoring technology. We continue to believe ClearSight is an attractive product for hospitals that are looking for a noninvasive technology to monitor a greater number of patients. We continue to expect a U.S. launch of ClearSight in the third quarter of this year. Given the strong start to the year, we expect to build on our strong leadership position and deliver underlying sales growth of 3% to 6%, aided by the growing adoption of ESR, which includes our new ClearSight product. During the quarter, we reported that we successfully completed the first 3 human implants of our FORTIS mitral transcatheter heart valve, which were performed in February and March by the heart team at St. Thomas' hospital in London. Clinicians are treating additional patients, and we expect them to report clinical results at future medical meetings, including a late breaker presentation at EuroPCR next month. Although durable success will not be known without significantly more experience and longer term follow up, we believe mitral valve disease is undertreated worldwide, and there's a particular need among patients, who are too high-risk to benefit from traditional surgical options. Before we get into financials, I'd like to recap how we view the protection of intellectual property. We expect to compete primarily on the merits of our technology. For over a decade, Edwards has invested more than $1 billion in TAVR technologies. An important element to support the long-term investments needed to bring innovation to patients is the knowledge that our inventions will be honored under the law. This has prompted us to vigorously defend these inventions. As you know, there's been a lot of recent activity on the foundational THV patents in the U.S. We've received another interim patent, term extension for the Andersen patent to May of 2015 and our request for a permanent extension to March 2016 remains under consideration at the FDA. As has been well reported, a federal district court, in response to Medtronic's continued willful infringement, ordered a preliminary injunction. The appeals court postponed the effectiveness of this injunction pending further notice. A decision on whether the injunction was properly granted is expected in Q3. Regardless of the outcome, we remain committed to ensuring that patients continue to have access to appropriate transcatheter therapy. Earlier in the quarter, another federal jury found Medtronic to willfully infringe a second Edwards THV patent and awarded past damages of $394 million to Edwards. This Cribier patent is valid until the end of 2017. Although the enforcement of our IP represents potential financial upside for our company, we have not included any benefit from patent litigation in our guidance. And now, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Mike, and hello, everyone. This quarter, our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share grew to $0.76. Excluding the change in the treatment of intellectual property litigation, earnings per share would have been $0.04 lower. I'll take a minute to explain the accounting change. Previously, litigation costs related to protecting Edwards intellectual property were capitalized and amortized over the life of the related IP. Beginning in 2014, to improve comparability, increase visibility and better align with industry peers, we began expensing these costs as incurred. All IP litigation expenses are reflected on a new line in our statement of operations called Intellectual Property Litigation Expense or Income. Amounts in this new line also include IP-related awards, such as the initial payment we received from Medtronic for patent infringement in the first quarter of 2013. The timing and magnitude of these fees and awards are difficult to predict and may vary significantly from period to period. Therefore, starting this quarter, non-GAAP earnings exclude all IP litigation expenses and awards. Regarding the full year 2014 impact of this new treatment, our original guidance assumed we would incur about $0.10 per share in litigation expenses that we will now exclude when we report adjusted earnings per share. As a result, our guidance for the year is a range around $3.10 per share under the new accounting. We posted to our website a schedule detailing the financial impact for the past 5 years. Separately, today, we also posted on our website supplemental information detailing the quarterly impact of the sales return reserve for our transcatheter valve products. We announced last quarter that as Edwards launches SAPIEN 3 in Europe and SAPIEN XT in the U.S., we will exchange previously sold transcatheter valves for these more advanced technologies. Accounting rules require that we record a reserve against sales of valves that we forecast will be exchanged for next-generation products in the future, and require that we reverse this reserve when we ship the replacement product. In order to be transparent and to improve comparability of our quarterly transcatheter heart valve sales, we are providing the impact of this reserve, which in this first quarter, reduced our THV sales by a net $6 million, from $195 million to $189 million. In addition, we record a separate reserve for the cost of prior generation THV products that will not be sold. This reserve will not reverse in the future. And since it's a write-off related to the product exchange, we excluded this special expense from non-GAAP profits. The impact of this write-off reduced our gross profit margin by approximately 200 basis points in the first quarter. And the combined impact of these 2 THV reserves reduce our GAAP EPS by $0.10 in the first quarter. Again, further details are available in a supplemental schedule on our website. In the quarter, our GAAP gross profit margin was 72.1%, compared to 75.6% in the same period last year. This reduction was driven by the approximate 200-basis-point impact from the THV product exchanges, higher manufacturing costs and weaker currencies. For the full year 2014, we continue to expect our gross profit margin, excluding special items, to be approximately 73%, reflecting headwinds from our currency contracts in the second half of the year. First quarter selling, general and administrative expenses were $197 million, or 37.7% of sales, an increase of 8% over the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by Japan and U.S. transcatheter valve-related expenses and a larger accrual for incentive compensation. We continue to expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 37% and 38% of sales for the full year. We are actively working to leverage our scale so that over time, revenues grow faster than expenses. We continue to aggressively invest in research and development, and spending in the quarter grew 8% to $86 million, or 16.4% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in heart valve clinical studies and transcatheter research and development projects. We expect our R&D investments to remain at approximately 16% of sales for the full year. During the first quarter, we recorded a $7.5 million expense to settle all past and future obligations related to one of our intellectual property agreements. This special charge decreased diluted GAAP earnings per share by $0.06, and this one-time expense was excluded from the calculation of non-GAAP EPS, which totaled $0.76. Net interest expense for the quarter increased to $3.5 million, primarily as a result of our $600 million issuance of 5-year notes last October. For the full year 2014, we continue to expect net interest expense to be between $12 million and $15 million. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 22%. Excluding the impact from special items, our adjusted tax rate was 22.5%. We continue to expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be between 20% to 22%, which anticipates renewal of the federal research and development tax credit in the fourth quarter. Foreign exchange rates decreased first quarter sales by $6 million compared to the prior year. Compared to our recent guidance, FX rates had less than $0.01 impact on earnings per share. Looking forward, with the slight improvement in the yen and euro foreign exchange rates, at current rates, we now expect only a $10 million negative impact to full year sales compared to last year. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $125 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $139 million, less capital spending of $14 million. For 2014, excluding special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $325 million and $425 million. Turning to our 2014 guidance. For sales, we are reiterating our previous guidance for all of our product lines. Driven by our strong performance in transcatheter valves, we continue to expect full year total sales of $2.05 billion to $2.25 billion. For the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy group, we continue to expect sales of $810 million to $850 million. In transcatheter heart valves, we expect sales of $700 million to $820 million. And in the critical care product group, we continue to expect sales of $535 million to $575 million. As I mentioned earlier, our guidance for non-GAAP earnings per share is a range around $3.10. The increase over our previous guidance is a result of the assumed impact of the change in treatment of intellectual property litigation. As we've said, previously, we plan to return capital to shareholders by utilizing most of our budgeted 2014 free cash flow to repurchase shares early in 2014. We actually repurchased 4.4 million shares for $300 million in the first quarter, and we expect full year diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 108 million shares. For the second quarter 2014, we project total sales to be between $525 million and $565 million, and diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, to be between $0.71 and $0.81. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. As the transcatheter valve procedures continue to expand and we further strengthen our competitive position with innovative new technologies, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long-term growth opportunity represented by transcatheter valves. Edwards remains dedicated to investing in transformational structural heart disease, therapies and Critical Care technologies for clinicians and their patients around the world. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Mike, just one clarification. The mid-teens usage year-over-year for TAVI in the United States, was that for you guys or for the market?
Michael A. Mussallem: That was for us, Larry.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Well, I'm having trouble -- I mean, maybe it's something we can take off-line, if you don't have the numbers handy. But the $78 million for clinical and commercial, how are you getting into the mid-teens usage growth year-over-year?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, as I think we mentioned, Larry, the clinical sales were comparable to last quarter. I think last quarter, they were around $13 million. And the net stocking was a decrease to that of approximately 10%. So if you put those together, I guess, you'd back into commercial sales that were pretty close to the same numbers as the reported sales, right? Commercial sales being in that $77 million, $78 million range.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I got it. And so the net stocking is not the $7 million U.S. reversal, that's separate reduction?
Michael A. Mussallem: Exactly, Larry. That's completely separate. The net stocking was about a 10% decrease that was separate from the reversal.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I got it. And then just for my second question then. On SAPIEN XT, do you still feel good about getting both high-risk in inoperable, as well as the 29-millimeter valve when XT is first approved?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think we've been vocal about that in the past. We have requested the 29 millimeter and the high risk indication. But obviously, it's subject to the FDA's decision.
Operator: The next question is from Rick Wise of Stifel.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: A couple of things. When you look at Europe and the rollout of SAPIEN 3, I think I heard you say that roughly 1/3 of your sales was SAPIEN 3. How do we think about the mix in Europe going forward? Do you expect 100% conversion to SAPIEN 3? And maybe, how long does that take?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think, as I noted, we're about 2 months into the SAPIEN 3 launch, and what we said is about 1/3 of our OUS sales was SAPIEN 3. So that will be actually a little higher than that in Europe. And that's -- we think that's going to go pretty fast. It'll -- might take all year for it to happen, but we largely think that when people have an option to go to SAPIEN 3, they will go there. And so that will happen. But we're just at the early stage of that. Does that answer your question?
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, yes. And Mike, you -- I think logic would have suggested that, that XT would get approval sort of midyear, you said that. But you're sounding so much more concretely confident in a second quarter approval. Is it -- can you share with us why that confidence and why you're saying it so strongly now?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we would have hoped that we would have had it approved by now, Rick. But we are confident that we're going to receive it this quarter. I don't have anything specific to add about the process. But as you can imagine, we're pretty far along in that process at this time.
Operator: The next question is from Bruce Nudell of Crdit Suisse.
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Mike, one of the things that we picked up clinically from clinical sources at ACC was speculation that given the strength of TAVI, the results as a class, that it is conceivable to have PARTNER IIa conceivably looked at on a 1-year follow up as opposed to 2 years. Is that even remotely possible?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think I've commented on this in the past. We really -- we don't know is the short answer. We have a 2-year endpoint on that, and I will still continue for the purpose of how you do your estimations to continue to anticipate that. Obviously, if we think there's some opportunity, we'd consider that as an alternative. But I don't have anything that can provide clarification at this point, Bruce.
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Fair enough. And there was a lot of back-and-forth legally. And my read of what the original judge said was that he was not -- he was considering the uses of the -- with regard to the extension, he was viewing it pretty broadly. Could you comment on that aspect of this argument as to whether or not the patent Andersen applies broadly to the general use of SAPIEN, irrespective of transdermal, irrespective of size, et cetera?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, there are a couple of things. Judge Sleet, the federal judge at the district level, he has already ruled that he believes that this is worthy of an injunction. So he's already ruled on that. That is being appealed. Separate from that, there's this process that goes on that says how long will that extension go on. And what I reported now was that we're extended until May of '15, and we have petition to go through March of '16. So does that answer your question?
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: No, I guess the counter argument was that it should be parsed just to the FDA approved indication at that instant when the patent expired. Any comment on that?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we don't think Medtronic's arguments have much merit in that regard. And we think that Judge Sleet has already agreed with our position. This is not something that is being litigated.
Operator: The next question is from David Roman of Goldman Sachs.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to maybe start with a follow up just on the underlying growth in the U.S. market. I know you talked about mid-teens, and obviously, there was an estimate out there for whatever Medtronic is going to do. But I guess -- I'm wondering, can you give some perspective on where we are in kind of tapping out market potential with the current size valve on the market, meaning SAPIEN? And any sense as to how much additional potential there is from having smaller valves in the market and maybe how many patients are getting turned away for procedures now or there's insufficient tracks [ph]? Can you help us understand the potential reacceleration that could come from having 18 French devices on the market?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, yes, thanks very much, David. Broadly, even if it was just SAPIEN in the market, we think that the market would do some growing. But we think that there is some significant uptick will come from having valves that will treat patients with larger annulus. So for example, of our 29-millimeter valve were available, like what happened in Europe, we thought there was substantial uptick in market growth with that 29-millimeter valve. Separate from that is just the access issue. One of the challenges associated with the SAPIEN platform, which is our earliest generation, that's the only country that we still sell it in is this large profile. And we think when we get down to an 18 French profile, like in SAPIEN XT, that will also be an accelerator of the market. So we think that's maybe, let alone, when you get do something like SAPIEN 3.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then, I guess, there is a follow-up of that. If I throw out a number that some of the survey data that we've collected would show that 20% to 30% of patients showing up for procedures are getting turned away because of insufficient, faster access. How would you respond to a number like that?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, one of the things that we see and maybe one of ways to look at it, David, it's hard for anyone to be absolutely quantitative on this, is we're seeing over 50%. Sometimes it's close to 60% of procedures being done transapically, right now with the SAPIEN system. Once we are in Europe, well penetrated with XT that move to more of a 70-30 split. And we're watching that move again with SAPIEN 3 to some kind of higher numbers, probably in excess of 80-20, maybe even 85-15. So it gives us some kind of signal about what happens when you get these smaller delivery profiles.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. Just one quick gross margin question for Scott. I know there are a lot of moving parts here with the FX hedging lags, the contracts in the back half of the year and then manufacturing inefficiencies. Is there anyway you can help us think about what is like the underlying product gross margin of the business in the context of that 72% number you expect to report?
Scott B. Ullem: It's a good question. It's something that we've really tried to shy away from in terms of reporting product line gross profitability. And so we've been intentionally vague about it. But I'll try to give you a little bit of roadmap to at least see through the impact of this sales swap reserve. But beyond that, we just can't get any the details about what's the profitability of different SAPIEN products and surgical valves and so on.
Operator: The next question is from Raj Denhoy of Jefferies.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Wondered if I could ask about the U.S. market. I don't think you gave the number of centers in the quarter, maybe if you could provide that?
Michael A. Mussallem: We've been, Raj -- I mean, thanks for the question. We're trying to get off specific center accounts. One of the things that we did say, though, is that we're on track to meet our previously stated goal of 45 to 65 new centers in the year. So we had a nice uptick in centers in the quarter that was very consistent with being able to stay within that target.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And maybe I could just ask about Europe, you gave some very positive commentary about both procedures being strong, but then also some share gains. I'm curious, if you could maybe offer some thoughts around what's happening in Europe, particularly on the procedure side? Are you seeing further expansion of transcatheter valves into surgical procedures? Is it more geographic expansion? Some detail will be helpful.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. I think, I noted that the growth in Europe, it seemed like it had picked up in the second half of last year. And we think Q1 was even stronger than that, stronger than we had expected. That growth rate must have moved into the mid-teens at this point. Growth seem to be spread across the continent. So many countries, pretty much all the countries, were engaged, including the south of Europe. And I -- we attribute it to a combination of sort of just the growing body of impressive clinical evidence. But also, in particular, because of S -- SAPIEN 3 is lower profile and the PV Leak solution, we think that may start to stimulate some clinicians to move a little faster than they might have in the past, although it's a little early to say that decisively.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And I know, it's again a difficult question, but you don't have a sense of where some of the more established markets, like Germany, maybe in terms of penetration at this point?
Michael A. Mussallem: No. I mean, Germany, as I think, well noted that the treatment rate in Germany is much higher than many of the other countries in Europe. But here it is, continuing to grow in double digits. So I don't know how you characterize how far along that is. It's still going.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Mills of Canaccord.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: If you don't mind, stay with Europe for a second. I'm just -- if we assume that you mentioned that second half of last year is when we start to see perhaps a bit of an acceleration to the European market. We'll anniversary that sort of towards the back end of the year. So I'm just wondering, if you can give us a sense for, over these last 3 quarters, how same -- sort of for a lack of a better term, same-store sales procedure growth has gone? And are some of our researchers suggest you are doing really well in markets that maybe you weren't in 12 to 15 months ago, in other regions in Europe and Eastern Europe, et cetera? And also, I guess, my second question stay outside of the U.S, lot of focus on the U.S., outside of U.S., in Japan. Just trying to -- I guess, on a qualitative and a quantitative basis, how is the development that market going relative to what you thought it would be at this point?
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, Jason. So I want to make sure that I answer your question correctly in Europe. So let me take a shot at it, and you tell me whether I've gotten there. As I noted, it was pretty broad-based in Europe. And even though we have had pretty consistent growth in a big place like Germany, the fact that countries, like France, really picked up. And that's one that has very little SAPIEN 3 at this point or within the fact that we saw Southern Europe pickup as well. That's noteworthy, and the U.K. for that matter. So you -- the picture to have the kind of growth that we experienced in Europe, it needs to be pretty broad-based, and we did see that. So it's not just in the usual suspects. It's a little broader than that. Did that -- we're still early in the launch of SAPIEN 3, with only 2 months of sales. But again, that one is going to drive more growth further on in the year. Comparisons will get tougher later on in the year so that may affect growth rate, Jason, as you correctly noted, but at the same time, we'll see if this, the SAPIEN 3 effect, has some impact on lifting the market. In Japan, it's pretty much going just the way that we thought it would go. The fact that we have $7 million worth of sales in the first quarter is very consistent with the way we think that ramp will look in ramping toward $45 million to $55 million. The addition of accounts, which we suggested would be around 4 accounts per month, is going very consistently. I don't know, I may have misstated what our growth rate was in Japan, it was $40 million to $50 million, I think, is what we projected. So does that answer your questions?
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Yes. Just going back to the first one, I guess, what I'm asking is just what -- if you could sort of break out what growth, what sorts of growth rates you are seeing from increased utilization, procedure growth, that sort of same-store sales? And then, what sort of incremental revenue you're getting from adding new centers that weren't sort of in the system this time last year?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Well, a few things. One is, we are getting -- most of the growth is coming from existing centers, there's no doubt about that. We're -- there are some new centers, I think, particularly in France, but most of it is coming from existing centers. I think, as we noted, that where -- even before we've launched S3 in the accounts, where XT is available and not SAPIEN 3, we're watching XT gain some market share. So we've also experienced that. And I guess, that probably gets at the key part of the question, Jason.
Operator: The next question is from Danielle Antalffy of Leerink Partners.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: I was just hoping to get some color on U.S. market dynamics in the quarter. Obviously, this was your first quarter with a competitive valve on the market. And I was just wondering if you could provide any color about total market growth, so we could potentially back in the market shares here or give us sort of anything on that front to go on.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Danielle. What I would say so far, it's probably gone pretty much the way we expect it. We don't give specific share assumptions, but we have that first mover advantage, and we think there's a lot of clinical preference that goes along with that. It's going to be important for us to get XT. Once that's approved, we think that's going to be important. The fact that we don't have XT right now means that we feel particularly some impact on these larger sizes. But short of that, I don't know that there's much else that is out of what you would expect.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: And just if I could follow up on that, Mike, any sense of how many, and I guess, David, or someone might have touched on this earlier, how many of those larger sizes are out there and may have gotten treated in the quarter? I guess what I'm asking is, how much could market growth actually have increased because of treating a backlog of larger size patients? Or maybe not increased and the market shifted to larger sizes to work through the backlog and we could see some stabilization going forward once the larger-sized valves are worked through. Any perspective there?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. No, not really. It's really hard to say. It's a smaller percentage of patients. And again, if those were going to competitive products, we would probably have a little less insight on it as well.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: And one more question. Just looking at EU, EU market growth has accelerated really nicely here. Seems like it's actually sustainable. As you see new valves hit -- next-generation valves hit the U.S. market, so XT and then eventually, hopefully, SAPIEN 3 and some competitive valves as well, do you think that, that level of growth acceleration is at all representative of what we could see the U.S.? Or is U.S. going to be just totally capped by CMS and FDA? I would love some perspective there for -- to indicate any longer-term growth here.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So I think the fact that there are more competitors, that may have some lift. But the biggest thing about new devices, is the fact that both you have the slower -- the lower profile on the way, and I think that's very attractive, and when you have a larger annular sizes that could be treated. Those things are meaningful in terms of lifting the market. When you combine it with the fact that the evidence is just continuing to build, every time we hear presentations for the most part, it's demonstrating that it's better and better, we know that patients prefer this option. And so we think that will drive growth. And I think, we've been pretty vocal in terms of what we think that growth can do long-term. When I reflect back, it's some of these clinical trials that we've been involved in. So when people get randomized for surgery, we even find 10% of those patients off and will opt out of the trial rather than have surgery. It tells you a little bit about the mindset of these patients and their preference for catheter-based options.
Operator: The next question is from Brooks West of Piper Jaffray.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Mike, just a couple of quick ones from me. Can you remind us, what are the sizes of SAPIEN 3 that are available in Europe right now?
Michael A. Mussallem: So in Europe, the 23-millimeter, 26-millimeter and 29-millimeter is available. The 20-millimeter is still in a study. That's enrolled slowly. And we expect that, I think, sometime in 2015.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And then on -- just circling back to your comments on data that might be at EuroPCR. Any more detail on maybe the size of the data sets we might see on SAPIEN 3? Or any other detail on some of the clinical experience that might be shared? And then, did you mentioned, are we going to see anything more on percutaneous mitral from you guys at PCR?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So a couple of things. One, in terms of SAPIEN 3, I think we'll see some of the CE Mark data on SAPIEN 3. Additionally, and I'm not sure about this, we may see some data from John Webb on his experience or some of the Canadian experience on SAPIEN 3. But I think it's not going to be a huge data set at this point. But it'll give a -- it'll be a good indicator. We -- there is a late breaker presentation that's planned at EuroPCR for our FORTIS mitral valve. So that will, obviously, be a small experience at this point, but there is a plan for a presentation.
Operator: The next question is from David Lewis of Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Mike, can you just -- you sounded very positive, obviously, on XT and 29-millimeter. And I wonder, if you think about the ongoing legal process, how important are XT and 29-millimeter? Obviously, your ongoing negotiation with Medtronic here coming up in May, as well as the federal process? And maybe you could just help us understand, if you were to see successful in getting 29-millimeter in XT, what percent of the market of that point do you think that you treat?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. A couple of things. You know one is as it relates to the legal rulings and so forth, I think there's no doubt there's been an infringement. You've seen now jury trials, they've talked about willful infringement. That's independent of sizes. That's just taking a look at what the history is. When it comes time to actually imply an injunction, one of the things that the judge has chosen to look at is sort of trading of patent protection versus some of the safety issues, and when we don't have SAPIEN XT available, we aren't able to treat as broad a range of patients. So XT becomes more meaningful in that discussion, when you talk about limiting it. So does that end up answering the question, David?
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I might -- just specifically do you have a sense of -- if you get 29 in XT, what percent of the patients you think you treat here in the U.S.? And is that number 95%, 90%?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, a vast majority. Greater than 90%, maybe 95%. We think it's going to be a big number.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then just on your mitral timing, Mike, there is another company with a first-generation mitral valve for the first human implant, can you just talk to us where you are in that program? And where we can start thinking about a CE Mark trial? Or whether you're comfortable that you sort locked the design you can move into a larger trial versus a single slide or single patient experiences?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We're still early in this is the short answer. And you just -- it's hard to have a good feel for durable success without significantly more experience and more longer term follow-up than we have or any of the competitors at this point. So this is one that I think is going to bear watching closely, David. It's too early at this stage of the game to fully judge the value or competitiveness of any program, ours included.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So if I push you to 2015 CE Mark initiation of the trial, that's still not comfortable with that number?
Michael A. Mussallem: No, we're not. No, we think that's pretty mature to be thinking about that, David. We'll let you know if we -- if the data supports moving forward to a CE Mark.
Operator: The next question is from Glenn Novarro of RBC.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Regarding the litigation with Medtronic, Mike, you sent out a letter to doctors, and you sent it to The Street as well. And in the letter, you talked about how you've actually tried to reach out to Medtronic, and there seems to be some sort of compromise that you're willing to maybe accept. Can you maybe go through a little bit of what this compromise -- or what this olive branch was, and kind of what's next in their process?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think we have been pretty vocal to hear that we have tried to provide some room. And we've been consistent about that, about the fact that we have not asked that there be some out right ban of core valve. When we get into these kinds of discussions, they're confidential. However, we expect that they're going to continue with respect in particular to what the district court has asked us to do, which is to work something out in conjunction with this preliminary injunction. So I'm not able to provide any more color other than that, Glenn, but hopefully it gives you a sense that we would like to reach resolution, as the judge indicated.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Was the compromise something to do with, okay, Medtronic is in 50, 60 sites in the U.S. already trained, was it to let them stay in those sites, but then no further expansion?
Michael A. Mussallem: Glenn, as you might imagine, this all happened over a matter of days. And so I think we went back and forth, and there was -- it looked like some sincere movement by both companies. But the judge really limited the number of sites. He's the one that said that, and so we are operating under his instruction.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then just one quick follow-up. In Europe, when you launched SAPIEN 3, was there any stocking that was in Europe on SAPIEN 3?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, there was a little bit of stocking in SAPIEN 3, but it was very small. And I mean, very small, I don't want to say that it was probably not even -- it was just small. Maybe not even 1 million or so.
Operator: The next question is from Kristen Stewart of Deutsche Bank.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess just following on that, was there any stocking sales for SAPIEN XT in Japan included in that figure this quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem: No, Japan is a consignment market only.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then on -- I just want to make sure I understand all the different GAAP to non-GAAP numbers. You guys are not providing any sort of sense of what the non-GAAP gross margin figure is this quarter?
Scott B. Ullem: No, we actually are. The guidance we provided, the 73% gross margin, is a non-GAAP number.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's your guidance. But did you give any for the second quarter just adjusting for all these reserves? Or is it safe to assume that the -- what you backed out as a one -- or where we have to add back in, I guess, as we back in the sales to get your pro forma number? Or then add back, I guess, whatever the profit would be to get to the 76%. I'm just having a time bridging to get back to that 76% non-GAAP number.
Scott B. Ullem: In the 76%, Kristen, tell me again how you're trying to get there? You're going to walk from GAAP, right?
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. So from the walk from GAAP you guys are adding back the reserve to the sales line item to get to your underlying results.
Scott B. Ullem: Right.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Presumably then you have a non-GAAP gross margin. Did you give the non-GAAP gross margin in your prepared remarks? You only talked to the GAAP gross margin for the first quarter?
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, we did. The non-GAAP gross -- the GAAP gross margin was 72.1%. And we said, roughly a couple of 100 basis points of that gross margin decline versus last year represents the impact of that sales return reserve. So call it, 74-plus percent gross margin, if you strip out the impact of the sales returns reserve.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Perfect, okay. And then just looking ahead, should we assume that they are error embedded within your guidance for the second quarter? Any sort of reserve adjustments, either as you, I guess, presumably get SAPIEN XT, would be then reducing that out? Or how should we just think about your guidance relative to what you're expecting on the reserve front?
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, again, all the guidance is exclusive of the reserve. The guidance completely disregards the accounting reserve activity. So the 73% gross margin that we guided to is exclusive of any reserve activity, in or out.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And your sales guidance for the second quarter, does that have any adjustment?
Scott B. Ullem: Yes, same thing. That's a non-GAAP -- that's non-GAAP sales guidance. So the GAAP number will show the ins and outs to that sales return reserve. But really, in terms of just modeling the year and the quarters, all the numbers that we've given you are non-GAAP.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then just on the data front, at EuroPCR, will we see any longer term follow-up on the SAPIEN XT system? Because 2 years, I would have thought it would have been a ACC, but I'm just wondering if we will see that at EuroPCR?
Michael A. Mussallem: I do not expect to see the SAPIEN XT at EuroPCR. We would expect that there probably be some 2-year data sometime later on this year at a medical meeting, but not at EuroPCR.
Operator: The next question is from Michael Weinstein of JPMorgan.
Christopher T. Pasquale - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Chris Pasquale in here for Mike. I just want circle back on the question about the a U.S. TAVI in at this quarter, real quickly. Am I hearing you correctly, so $78 million was your reported number? And if you back out the next stocking impacts, your sales would have been more like $86 million to $87 million, is that right?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes.
Christopher T. Pasquale - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So that's up solidly year-over-year, but it compares to more like $88 million to $91 million over the last 3 quarters. Now obviously Medtronic had more of an impact this quarter, but as we step into 2Q here, the comps get more challenging. So how much confidence do you have that the market itself is not starting to fly total [ph] but just recently in a few quarters in a row on that same range?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I don't know. It's our sense that the market is going to be stimulated by the addition of valves that are allowed to -- that can treat some larger patient annulus and also the attraction associated with smaller profiles, Chris, so we don't think it's going to be a negative trend in the market. We think it'll be the opposite.
Christopher T. Pasquale - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then on the European side of the business. I'm trying to understand some of the dynamics there and that the nice pickup in growth that you saw. How much of that would you attribute really to share gains with SAPIEN 3 and kind of 1 bucket versus a pickup in underlying market growth? And for that second bucket, to the extent that it was a contributor, what do think is driving that in the market that's more mature at this point?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I think what we've reported was not just Europe alone, but OUS. And what we said is that over half of that growth was by -- it is just a pickup in overall procedures across the geographies, and so that's not share gain. In terms of the combination of SAPIEN 3 and XT did gain share. And I -- what I tried to note in my earlier comments that we have places where SAPIEN 3 -- it's only been -- it's early in the introduction. So it's accounted for less than 1/3 of the OUS sales. In the -- so in addition to whatever SAPIEN 3 share might have come, which there was some, the XT was actually gaining share within the accounts where it was still isolated as the only valve available.
Christopher T. Pasquale - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So absent Japan, which obviously saw a big pickup because you weren't really there 1 year ago, in the European market, is there anything that you would attribute that pickup in underlying utilization to for the market that's had the technology available now for close to 7 years?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. It's a good question, Chris. We feel like we noted this impact had started earlier. So the second half of last year, we felt like it picked up, and Europe was going nicely, maybe some of that was the recovery in the South, but we're also are seeing it broadly across all of Europe. It really ticked up in the first quarter. And possibly that was stimulated by SAPIEN 3's entree into the market. It may have stimulated some interest. But it's still early, Chris, and it's hard to know what's driving that.
Operator: And our final question comes from Bob Hopkins of Bank of America.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of really quick ones here to cap off. So on the legal side, is it safe to assume that this, in your view, that this stay will last until the appeal is over?
Michael A. Mussallem: It's a really good question, Bob. Unfortunately, the appellate court didn't give us a lot of definition. They said pending further notice. And so what that means is that this is really a fluid situation that's evolving each week. It's possible that the appellate court could act before the scheduled June hearing, but we would be guessing. And we'd also anticipate that we'd be back in front of Judge Sleet on May 21. But again, a very fluid situation that's difficult to predict.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So on your comment about Q3, I mean, you're sort of putting that out there as maybe worst case or could this also extend much further into the year?
Michael A. Mussallem: Oh, well, in particular, I think the appellate court seem to indicate that they would hear this in Q3. There's a June 19 briefing that has been established and the hearing would be later. And so we're expecting that would be Q3. But again, that's kind of our best estimate, Bob.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then lastly, really quickly on the -- your request for an extension on Andersen out into March of 2016. When will we know something about that? And then also, is there a next milestone we should be thinking about relative to Cribier or any of your other patents?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, the short answer, Bob, is we don't know when we're going to have that decision. The patent office talks to FDA about it, and then we hear back. And we don't know when they're going to act on that. The Cribier patent goes to 2017, if that was a question, right?
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I was just curious whenever there is some -- a new milestone in terms of the litigation around Cribier, not in terms of the Life?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I don't know. The -- in the past, the appellate court has taken some time before that's taken place. So I have not heard of specific date, Bob. But when we have something, I'll update you on the future call. Okay, well, thanks, everybody, for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. With that, back to you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates, sales results, excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and use conference number 13579551. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and CEO Scott B. Ullem - Corporate VP, CFO David K. Erickson - VP, IR
Analysts: Raj Denhoy - Jefferies David Roman - Goldman Sachs Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC Brooks West - Piper Jaffray Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Ben Andrew - William Blair Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David K. Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our fourth quarter 2013 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and the accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Scott Ullem, CFO. Before we get started, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales, gross profit margin, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, interest expense, taxes, free cash flow, diluted shares outstanding and foreign currency impacts. These statements also include our current expectations for the timing, status and expected outcomes of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions and approvals as well as expectations regarding adoption rates and potential renewed products, litigation strategies and outcomes and company growth. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also as a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, excluding special items and adjusted for special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release and on our website. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you, David. I'm proud to say that our strong fourth quarter results helped us finish the year as it places Edwards Lifesciences in a strong position today than any time in our history. Although our initial sales expectations for 2013 were more optimistic, we ended the year with an underlying full year sales growth of 11% and non-GAAP diluted EPS growth of 16%. Additionally, during 2013, we launched important new products, reported strong clinical data and made significant progress on several key development milestones that position us very well for sustainable future growth. Most importantly, even more patients are benefiting from our life-saving technologies than ever before. Now turning to our quarterly results. Total underlying sales grew 10% to $550 million. This growth rate excludes the impacts of foreign exchange and the THV sales return reserve which Scott will explain in more detail later. We're pleased with our THV results across all geographies this quarter and our exiting 2013 with strong momentum. Underlying global THV sales were above our expectations and grew 22% to $198 million driven by especially strong growth in Europe and the contributions we expected from SAPIEN in the U.S. Outside the U.S., underlying THV sales grew 28% driven once again by strong SAPIEN XT transfemoral unit growth in Europe. TF growth continues to be aided by the competitive strength of our 29 millimeter system. Double-digit industry growth of transcatheter valve procedures in Europe even after six years of commercial availability validates our belief in the existence of a large group of untreated patients just now seeking treatment. We estimate the patent infringement rulings in Germany had a negligible impact on sales this quarter and we continue to see only a small impact from more recent competitors. In our first quarter of launch, THV sales in Japan were $4 million. We're very pleased with how our rollout is progressing so far and continue to believe the opportunity there is attractive. While the hospital certification process is governing the speed of the launch, the favorable reimbursement, physician enthusiasm and very high procedural success rates support our optimism for the broad adoption of our SAPIEN XT technology. We continue to believe the TAVR opportunity in Japan will grow between $300 million and $400 million in 2019. In the U.S., underlying THV sales were $93 million for the quarter which included net stocking sales of $2 million and clinical sales of $13 million. Clinical sales were strong once again this quarter, driven primarily by the rapid enrollment of the SAPIEN 3 high-risk arm of The PARTNER II Trial. New commercial site training picked up in the fourth quarter and by the end of the year, 290 sites in the U.S. were offering SAPIEN to their patients. Estimated procedural growth exceeded 40% this quarter over last year. Recall that the fourth quarter last year included $16 million of net stocking sales that coincided with the FDA approval of SAPIEN for high-risk patients and transapical procedures. We're gratified that heart teams have maintained their high procedural success rates since the launch in the U.S. two years ago. We continue to believe there are great many more patients on the sidelines that will pursue transcatheter technology and are continuing to build awareness for this important therapy. Likewise, we are focusing on ways to help hospitals optimize their TAVR programs by sharing best practices which can reduce lengths of stay and improve their economics. I'm sure you saw the announcement of a competitor that was approved to treat inoperable patients in the U.S. The timing of this was consistent with the assumptions we discussed in December and we are well prepared to respond. We plan to rapidly upgrade customers to our SAPIEN XT valve once it's approved at prices comparable to what they're currently paying for SAPIEN. Overall, we are committed to aggressively defend our leadership position and are confident that clinicians in the U.S. will prefer SAPIEN XT as they do in Europe where we are the market leader and have been gaining share since 2010. In summary, we're pleased with our THV results across all geographies this quarter. For 2014, given the near-term uncertainty associated with the competitive dynamics, we are reiterating our 0% to 14% underlying sales growth guidance. We expect to refine this range as we gain further clarity. Overall, we exited 2013 very strong and believe we are well positioned for durable leadership in the growing TAVR space. Turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group, sales were up 8% on an underlying basis driven primarily by unit growth. This quarter's growth was strongest in the U.S. and Europe. Pricing remains steady globally with a modest increase in average selling price lifted by INTUITY, our rapid deployment valve. In the U.S., surgical valves grew 11% this quarter. We believe there was increased growth in procedures overall and that we have regained share as customers returned after trying competitor products. In Europe, underlying sales grew 7% driven primarily by sales of our premium price INTUITY valve system. To summarize, our surgical valve business in 2013 we are exiting with strong momentum and expect underlying sales growth in 2014 to be in the 4% to 7% range driven by additional traction in Europe of the INTUITY Elite and launches of new minimally invasive cardiac surgery products. Now, turning to the Critical Care product group, total sales for the quarter grew 2% on an underlying basis. Growth was solid across most regions and product lines this quarter but was reduced by the impact of the China distributor inventory reductions and the ongoing exit of our ACCESS product line. During the fourth quarter we were excited to obtain a CE Mark for ClearSight ahead of schedule. ClearSight is our integrated platform combining our noninvasive monitoring technology with our best-in-class EV1000 system. We think ClearSight will be a very attractive product for hospitals that are looking for a noninvasive technology to monitor their less critical patients. In 2014, we expect to build on our strong leadership position and deliver underlying sales growth of 3% to 6% aided by the launch of our new ClearSight product. Before we get into the financials, I'd like to recap a few of the developments in our ongoing IP litigation. In the U.S. we announced last month a federal jury found that Medtronic willfully infringes one of our Cribier patents and awarded us $394 million in damages. We intend to ask the court to grant a permanent injunction. This patent is valid until the end of 2017. Also in the U.S., we're still awaiting the court's decision related to the Andersen patent which also found Medtronic willfully infringes. We're seeking additional damages and a permanent injunction. Separately, we expect a decision by the U.S. Patent Office to be made in mid-2014 regarding the final patent term extension of this patent. Edwards has invested significant resources developing products to help patients and we will continue to vigorously defend our intellectual property. Although the enforcement of our IP represents potential upside for our company, we've not included any benefit from patent litigation or royalties in our guidance. Now, I'm pleased to introduce to you Scott Ullem, our new Chief Financial Officer, who joined us last month. Scott replaces Tom Abate who is retiring from Edwards after many years of service and dedication to our company for which we are truly grateful. Scott?
Scott B. Ullem: Thank you, Mike. I'll start by saying that I'm pleased to have joined Edwards. I've had a chance to meet some of our investors already and I look forward to getting to know many of you at upcoming conferences. I also want to thank Tom Abate for helping me make a smooth transition. Now I'll turn it to our financial results. This quarter, our sales performance in valves allowed us to achieve diluted earnings per share of $0.68 and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.91 comparable to the fourth quarter of 2012, which benefited from large U.S. THV stocking orders. Before I get into the details of the quarter, I wanted to elaborate on the sales return reserve that Mike referenced earlier. As we discussed during our Investor conference on December 9, as we launched SAPIEN 3 in Europe and SAPIEN XT in the U.S., we will exchange previously sold transcatheter heart valves to the more advanced technologies. These planned product upgrades required us to record two reserves in the fourth quarter. First, a $14 million sales return reserve that reflects the value of the valves we already sold and will take back from customers. This reserve will reverse during 2014 as we ship the upgraded valves. Second reserve is a small inventory reserve for returned product not expected to be resold. In order to compare our sales results on a consistent basis between periods, we are excluding the impact of the sales reserve both in this quarter and future quarters when the sales reserve reverses. Now turning to the financials. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 72.9% compared to 75.4% in the same period last year. The reduction was driven primarily by a reduced benefit from foreign exchange of approximately 130 basis points. The impact from the sales return reserve and higher manufacturing costs as we prepare for the SAPIEN XT launch in the U.S. and the SAPIEN 3 launch in Europe; these items were partially offset by a more profitable product mix. For 2014, we continue to expect our gross profit margin, excluding special items, to be approximately 73%. Fourth quarter selling, general and administrative expenses increased to $191 million, up 7% over the prior year, driven primarily by the U.S. medical device tax and Japan transcatheter valve launch-related expenses. This was partially offset by favorable foreign exchange translation principally because the yen depreciated more than 20% year-over-year. We expect SG&A, excluding special items, to be between 37% and 38% of sales for the full year 2014. Research and development expenses in the quarter grew 5% to $79 million or 15% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of continued investments in heart valve clinical studies. For the full year 2014, we continue to expect R&D as a percent of sales to be approximately 16%. During the quarter, we recorded a $16 million pretax special charge comprised of two items; a global realignment charge of $10 million primarily related to severance expenses to improve Critical Care's operational efficiency. And second, a $6 million intangible asset write-off related to a prior acquisition. Net interest expense for the quarter was $4 million. In the fourth quarter, Edwards issued $600 million, 2.875% coupon, five-year notes. We swapped 300 million of those notes to floating. For the full year 2014, we continue to expect net interest expense to be between $12 million and $15 million. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 25.3% or 23.7% on a non-GAAP basis. Assuming renewal of the federal research and development tax credit in the fourth quarter and excluding special items, we continue to expect our 2014 tax rate to be between 20% and 22%. Foreign exchange rates negatively impacted fourth quarter sales by $13 million compared to the prior year, driven by the weakening of the yen. Compared to our recent guidance, FX rate negatively impacted earnings per share by $0.01. Looking forward at current rates, we continue to estimate $20 million negative impact to full year 2014 sales when compared to 2013 rates. Free cash flow generated during the fourth quarter was $91 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $111 million plus capital spending of $20 million. Excluding the $57 million impact from the Medtronic receipt for initial IP damages, full year free cash flow is $306 million which is our strongest performance ever. Turning to our balance sheet, at the end of the quarter we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $937 million. Total debt is $593 million. Now turning to our 2014 guidance. Our financial guidance remains unchanged from our December Investor conference. For Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, we expect sales to be between $810 million and $850 million. In transcatheter heart valves, we expect sales to be between $700 and $820 million, excluding the impact of the sales return reserve. And in Critical Care, we expect sales of $535 million to $575 million. We expect full year total sales of $2.05 billion to $2.25 billion and free cash flow excluding special items between $325 million and $425 million. Excluding special items, we expect diluted earnings per share to be a wide range around $3. Given our planned share repurchases during the first quarter of 2014, we expect full year diluted shares outstanding to be between 107 million and 109 million. For the first quarter 2014, we project total sales of 500 million to 550 million, excluding the impact of the THV reserve and diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, to be between $0.61 and $0.71. With that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Scott. Now, I'd like to provide an update on some of our product development programs. In transcatheter valves, we are continuing to actively work with the FDA to obtain approval of SAPIEN XT valve in the U.S. Consistent with our prior assumptions, we are anticipating approval over the next few months. Our SAPIEN XT which is currently the leading transcatheter valve in Europe will be a welcome upgrade for our U.S. physicians and patients and we anticipate a rapid adoption once it becomes available. A few weeks ago you'll recall our announcement about the completion of the enrollment of the SAPIEN 3 trial for high risk and inoperable patients and the approvals to begin the study of 1,000 intermediate risk patients. The 500 patients in the high-risk arm were enrolled rapidly which demonstrates the enthusiasm clinicians have for our most advanced SAPIEN 3 valve and its smaller profile and a feature to address paravalvular leak. Assuming a one-year follow-up and an uncomplicated FDA approval, we could expect U.S. approval by mid-2016. Enrollment of our 1,000 intermediate risk patients has already begun and we expect this study arm to enroll by the end of the year. In Europe, we just received CE Mark for SAPIEN 3 and have commenced an aggressive launch with a number of successful implants already this year. Upgrading customers to this new platform should be fast as there is no need for extensive training and clinicians are very eager to get their hands on this exciting new technology. For these reasons, we believe SAPIEN 3 will quickly become the leading transcatheter valve in Europe. We will soon be initiating enrollment in Europe of the next series of patients for our self-expanding CENTERA valve. CENTERA features a short, discrete frame, a novel motorized delivery system that allows for stable, precise deployment and is delivered through a 14-French eSheath. We continue to expect receipt of European approval in the mid-2015 timeframe. Now, I'd like to provide an update on our Mitral Program. We continue to be excited about this significant opportunity that will be meaningful for patients, and believe that Edwards is well positioned, even as the path to commercialization may be long. We are disappointed that our first-in-human experience has not yet begun, as we are just now receiving the necessary regulatory approval to proceed. This has been the sole cause for the delay and we expect to begin shortly. In our Surgical Valve product line, we're working closely with our notified body to gain CE Mark for our INTUITY Elite system and expect the approval soon. You will recall the increased reimbursement for our INTUITY valve is already in place in Germany. During the Society of Thoracic Surgery meeting, data from the cadence trial demonstrated that INTUITY with an MIS approach significantly reduced cross clamp time and improved mean gradients when compared to a conventional open procedure. We continue to believe in INTUITY's potential for simpler procedures, fewer complications and faster recovery which supports our expectation for increased adoption of INTUITY in Europe in 2014. In the U.S., enrollment in both our TRANSFORM trial for INTUITY and our COMMENCE trial studying the GLX tissue on aortic and mitral Magna Ease valves remain on track to be completed by the end of the year. GLX is our advanced tissue platform designed to enhance valve durability and enable pre-mounting of valves and delivery systems. During the STS meeting, clinicians from the Cleveland Clinic presented a 30-year study of more than 12,000 patients who received our PERIMOUNT aortic valves representing over 81,000 patient years of follow-up. Of particular note were the durability outcomes showing a 98% freedom from explant for structural valve failure at 10 years and an 85% freedom of explant for structural failure at the end of 20 years. Together with the two 25-year PERIMOUNT study presented in 2013, these data strengthening the differentiated body of scientific evidence demonstrating unmatched durability of the PERIMOUNT platform. Lastly, we continue to expect the introduction in 2014 of several minimally invasive enabling tools in our CSS product portfolio. Finally, in our Critical Care product line, interest in noninvasive advancing monitoring remains high as clinicians apply this novel technology to surgical patients. We're just beginning our launch of ClearSight in Europe and continue to expect the U.S. launch in the third quarter of this year. We're encouraged by the progress we're making with GlucoClear and the significant need for glycemic monitoring in the hospital setting. We're just now expanding our evaluations in Europe. Ultimately, the key to driving customer adoption will be the publication of outcomes and accuracy studies. These data will also help and form the pathway toward a U.S. approval. So, in conclusion, we have a number of exciting products positioned to contribute to growth in 2014 and as we look beyond 2014, we like how we're positioned. Edwards is fortunate to have strong leadership and attractive markets with sustainable growth potential and a robust product pipeline which should enable us to strengthen our position even further and impact the care of more patients around the world. Combined with upside opportunities such as successful mitral therapies, glucose monitoring and patent enforcement, we believe that Edwards' future is very bright. With that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
David K. Erickson: Thank you, Mike. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and we'll answer as many of these as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, we're ready for questions please.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting our question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from the line of Mr. Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: Hi. Good afternoon. I wonder if I could ask  several things to ask. Maybe I can just start with the number of centers in the United States in the quarter, I think you noted it was 290 which was a nice tick up, and I'm curious if you have any thoughts around what's behind that, whether it's the availability of SAPIEN 3 in clinical trialing or perhaps hospitals getting more comfortable with profitability, maybe any thoughts should be helpful.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Raj. Good question. I think it's just more of the same. There is continued interest on the part of hospitals; they've been wanting to get involved. They've all been looking very hard at how they can comply with the NCD and I think a number of them have just found a way to clear the hurdles. That's the primary driver.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: Okay. And maybe just for my follow-up, I know it's still very early days but Medtronic is now approved and coming here in the U.S. Any initial views on what they're doing in the marketplace? Have you seen anything yet ruining [ph] appetites there for you?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, there's not much to report at this point, Raj. I can't say that we have really felt the presence very much at this point, so we are very fortunate that we have this first-mover advantage and we like the clinical preference that we think is going to be there. And so we're feeling pretty good at this point. We're certainly ready for them.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies: All right, good. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. David Roman with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Good afternoon. I want to just come back to the return reversal question and make sure I fully understand what numbers you intend to report over the course of this year. So, as I look at the first quarter, the $500 million to $550 million number, can you give us some sense as to what the return reversal impact is going to be in Q1 and what number you actually expect to show up in street models?
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Eventually all of the return reserve will be reversed. And I can't predict how much of that will happen in the first quarter versus in quarters beyond, but all of it will be reversed as products are exchanged.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, isn't it fair to say, Scott, that in that estimate we really have taken the reserves out of it? That's our estimate of what's going to actually happen and so you'll see that in our non-GAAP results, right, and that's what our guidance was about.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: I'm sorry, I can take this offline later, but are going to be reporting non-GAAP revenue numbers for the fourth quarter  if I look at the gross profit, for example, the 72.9% that's calculated off of $550 million number or $536 million number?
Scott B. Ullem: Well, the 72.9% is calculated off of $536 million. We're going to be reporting GAAP and non-GAAP sales as we do for any special item in the first quarter and beyond.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I got it. And then maybe just a strategic question for you, Mike, as you sort of thought about the list of upside drivers that are not factored into your guidance, I think you said litigation, mitral, and glucose monitoring; all three which seem very far out, can you maybe just talk about how you see 2014 unfolding and what factors we can watch for to give clarity on a better outer year growth profile than what you're presenting for this year?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. We probably have some upsides that could show up in 2014. It could have to do with product approvals. There could be just continued data that continues to be presented from Edwards that's stronger than our competitors. But you're right in your observation that many of the upsides that I shared will occur possibly outside of 2014. In 2014, I think one of the things that will be most interesting is  and there's a little list here. One, within transcatheter heart valve, just how do we stack up competitively in Europe and in the U.S. So how does Edwards do with SAPIEN 3 versus the new competitors that are going to show up in the U.S.? How does Edwards do especially with SAPIEN XT versus our first competitor after a couple of years? And then that very nice momentum in surgical heart valves, how well does that continue? We feel like some of the factors were dragging the growth rate at Critical Care should be behind us to lift that growth rate. So I think there's a number of indicators to watch.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I'll get back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Rick Wise with Stifel, Nicolaus. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good afternoon, everybody. Mike, maybe you could talk a little bit more about the European launch of SAPIEN 3. You obviously expect considerable optimism, maybe a little more color or detail on the ramp. How quickly is it going to be available in the major centers? Is this a share gainer? Does it open new accounts? And maybe put that in perspective relative to the other product trials that are underway? Does it blunt the impact there? Just again, some of those details.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we've got a pretty good supply out there and we're converting people right now. There's strong excitement and so people would like to go quickly. The features of this valve are something they find very attractive. In terms of will it be a share gain, in many accounts we are on the shelf with the competitor. So this is a chance for us actually for people to reach for SAPIEN 3 more often. So I think it does have an opportunity to have a share impact probably pretty early on here. We think it really is a best-in-class and we think once people try it that they're going to be excited about it. It's still early on, Rick, so it's tough to give you much than that but right now they're anxious to get their hands on it.
Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And it sounds like you're ready to supply. In the SAPIEN XT, I know it's always a difficult question but you said, 'expect approval in the next few months.' And I'm sorry to look for meaning where there may be some or none, but are you feeling more optimistic today versus your comments in the December approval  in the next few months feels more optimistic to me but maybe I'm looking for something that isn't there?
Michael A. Mussallem: I think it's similar, Rick. I mean we're just two months out from where we were before, so obviously here we are two months closer saying pretty much the same thing from a timing perspective. So I guess that does express some level of confidence. But yes, we're still feeling pretty good about that. But it is a regulatory process, so we're never positive just when that will come.
Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, but it sounds like hopeful in second quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, certainly.
Frederick Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Bruce Nudell with Crdit Suisse. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Mike, when we think about the XT approval, should we be thinking about broad PARTNER I approval inclusive of inoperable and operable?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we are hopeful that indeed when that approval comes we're working with FDA. We ask for both and we're hopeful that that's the way that it comes out. We think certainly that the data supports that, but we can't be sure.
Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG: And then one of the upstart competitors today announced the successful first in man in mitral. Could you just briefly explain the circumstances around your timing and maybe you also alluded in the fact that it's a long-term opportunity where commercial sales won't arise in the near term. Around what timeframe might we see successful commercialization of product?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, as I said earlier, we expect to begin shortly. Our compliments to them if they really do have some early success here. We chose to do our first in human in places that have rigorous regulatory processes and we got some questions related to the preclinical data, but we believe we've answered all the questions and really do believe that we're going to begin shortly. So, we feel good about this. This is a big opportunity and we're anxious to get started to find out just exactly where we stand. I think the competitive landscape there is one that will unfold probably pretty deliberately over time. I think it's pretty tough to make a call where anybody is competitively at this stage of the game.
Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG: Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity: Thanks, Mike and Scott, for taking the question. First question is on your EPS guidance. Mike, what are the top two or three variables that you need more clarity on to narrow that range? And when do you expect that that clarity might come? Will it be on the first quarter call, do you think it will take half a year, maybe just a little more color there?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Jason. Probably the single biggest thing is going to be the approval of XT. Once we have clarity on the approval of XT in the U.S., that's probably the single outstanding variable. Second biggest to that is probably just  as we get more clarity on how our competitors are behaving and their launches in Europe and the U.S. and maybe we'll get a little bit more clarity than we have today. But the single biggest one will be that and I hope we have it under our belt by the time we get to the second quarter call. That will put us in a position to have a shot here and tighten things up.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity: Okay, great. My follow-up again on transcatheter valves, sorry if I missed it Mike but did you give an ongoing procedural growth rate for you and for market in Europe, just trying to get a sense for what that's market doing with the next generation technology and sort of what you're expecting it do with SAPIEN 3, whether or not you expect to see an acceleration there? And then the U.S. follow-up on the first question, what's in your guidance  your THV guidance with respect to pricing if any changes is in there? Thanks. I'll get back in queue.
Michael A. Mussallem: All right, Jason, I'm going to make sure that I answer your questions accurately here as we go through it. So, first of all in Europe, what we specifically reported on was our OUS results. So OUS sales grew 28% and that was driven by very strong transfemoral growth. If you peel it back, I would say Europe grew in the low teens for us in 2013. And so we're pretty pleased with that. Well, I think when we talked about it going into the year, we were expecting a market growth of around 10 and our own growth to be less than that because of competitive reasons and we certainly came out much stronger, some of this driven by the real momentum that we have in the fourth quarter. So that's broadly where that stands. I don't know if that answers your question. I expect there to be pretty good growth in 2014 as well. I don't know, I would hope that it might be in the 10% range. As it relates to pricing, we think our pricing has been pretty solid. We have noted in the past that we had an ASP decline, was probably in the 3% range, probably driven mostly by the volume discounting we do. With the advent of SAPIEN 3 we expect to be able to introduce those products at the same price as SAPIEN XT. So, I think you should think that pricing is going to stay pretty stable in 2014.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity: Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Swann. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC: Thanks so much. Good afternoon, everybody. Just a quick question on valve sizing, I understand with SAPIEN XT you'll get I believe it's the 29 millimeter valves. That helps fill out the sizing, makes you more competitive with CoreValve. How much does that increase the addressable market from a patient perspective in your view? And then how much of the market will you still not be able to address versus your competitor, CoreValve?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, the 29 millimeter valves in our view is very meaningful. I think if you think back to the days when we first introduced it in Europe, we saw a real uptick. We got it first in the transapical position then transfemoral and that ticked off. And then we  it feels like a lot of the share that we're gaining in Europe right now is in the 29 millimeter sizes. It seems to stack up pretty well competitively. So, I don't know exactly what that percentage is. It probably is in the sort of  I don't know, plus 20% probably in the 29. But I'd say the majority of patients get covered between 23 to 29, we'd estimate that close to 95% of the patients are addressed.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC: Okay, got it. And Mike not to harp on mitral, but you've given a little bit of color in the past when we come to visit you on how you guys are thinking about the mitral timeline as far as getting from first in man to commercialization. Are you still thinking that despite the delay, it's possible to tighten up that timeline versus what we saw with first generation SAPIEN here in the U.S. or is the sort of 7 to 10-year timeline sort of what we should be thinking about?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, Danielle, I don't know how to sort of explain this more clearly. We're really excited about mitral. It's a really big opportunity. We're beautifully positioned but it is really hard to put timelines on it at this stage of the game. We really don't have our first in human experience underneath our belt. And until we see what that looks like, we're just not going to know what kind of timeline. You could think optimistically that if everything is perfect then you just keep going right to CE Mark, but you very easily could be in a redesign as well and we just don't know the answers to those questions yet. So, I think it's premature, Danielle, to dial in too many specific sales here in the near future.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC: Okay, got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Brooks West with Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Brooks West - Piper Jaffray: Thanks for taking the question. Mike, can you remind us what your ASPs are for SAPIEN 3 in the clinical setting in the U.S.? So in another way, if you're going to do 1,000 patients this year, what should we look at for U.S. clinical revenues?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think in most of our contracts where we price our clinical units around $25,000, Brooks, if that helps.
Brooks West - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Perfect. And then one on Japan, you did 4 million you said in Q4 maybe being slowed down by the certification process. I think Larry said at the analyst meeting that you would do 40 to 50 next year in Japan. Does that still seem achievable and then does that become pretty backend loaded?
Michael A. Mussallem: You know what, it feels to us that Japan is right on track, just exactly what we expected. As I noted, there is this certification requirement so we're thinking right now that we're going to get limited to adding four accounts per month. So from that perspective, yes, it's backend loaded. But we feel good about the $40 million to $50 million range. That range is tracking at least with the experience we have so far which is I guess four months under our belt. It looks like it's just stacking up just the way we thought it would.
Brooks West - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thanks, Mike. Welcome onboard, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Lawrence Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Let me start, Mike, with comments you made earlier about clinical data that may help differentiate you from the competition in 2014. Can you talk about that a little bit? And specifically we were intrigued to see this head-to-head study called the CHOICE study from Germany being presented as a link breaker at ACC. Was that what you were referring to? Do you think that study has taken off to impact share? And I had one follow-up. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem: We continue to be surprised with the data that's being collected out there. There are country registries that are going on. This study that you referenced coming out of Germany that's going to be presented at the ACC is one that's going to be interesting and we don't know the results of that. And there's also quite a bit of data that's being presented now in the surgical space. Some good stuff for us and some things that aren't necessarily complementary for some other valves of our competitors. So broadly we think we're on pretty solid ground here and like to think that the more that our products are studied, the more that  the best of Edwards is going to show. But I wasn't trying to refer just to that study in Germany at the ACC, because we really don't know the outcome but we're optimistic about it.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Mike, I just wanted to ask my follow-up question on the U.S. TAVI market. If we look at your sales excluding stock in the last three quarters, it's been in the $88 million to $91 million range. It's been flattish if I'm doing the math right. And so if we take stocking out, you did about 345 million in the U.S. this year. Why do you think it's been flattish sequentially the last three quarters? And what are you looking for in 2014 at this point for the U.S. market, ex-stocking? You can put clinical in because I think that it's probably valid but help us think about the market growth for the U.S. in 2014 including CoreValve? And I'll drop. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, just a couple of things. One is, the fourth quarter was pretty consistent with what we thought it was going to come out to be. I think when we provided our guidance, we said it was going to be at the low end of the range that bottomed to 350 and pretty much came out that way. Some of it probably just has to do with the limitations of SAPIEN. This is a pretty big valve, Larry. It's a 24 French system that we think as you have systems that are earlier to handle, it's going to be better for patients and better for clinicians and we think that will certainly help. There was more to your question, I'm sorry
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Yes, expectations for market growth in 2015. On an apples-to-apples basis if you want to just include clinical, strip out stocking, whatever you feel is most helpful to give us some direction?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we at the investor conference, we estimated that the global growth in 2014 for THV would be in the 20% to 30% range. We didn't give an estimate for the U.S. and I think that just reflects some of the uncertainty associated with these approvals. But I do think that as systems that can go through an 18 French Introducer come out there that it's going to help the growth rate in the U.S. market.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Ben Andrew with William Blair. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Good afternoon, Mike. May be just a quick question about the efforts to go back and work with clinics to improve their economics. Have you seen any traction in a subgroup of clinics yet, and how do you expect that to play out through the course of the year? And what impact does that have on your range of guidance?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Ben. We're optimistic about this one. We have seen improvements. We think there are sites right now and the biggest improvements that we know are in their lengths of stay. They've gotten in many cases motivated about this. They're talking about it. They're sharing best practices and they're moving the needle. I wouldn't be surprised to see more and more presentations in the future about how people are reacting. We hear about things anecdotally that are pretty impressive. And so we like the things the way things are moving right now, Ben. There's substantial movement from a year ago today.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Okay. And then changing gears quickly, on the request for an injunction in the U.S., given kind of the domestic focus on patient access or patient harm potentially and the design differences, I know you're not going to characterize the percent as odds of this but is it actually likely that you can get an injunction from the courts in the United States like in Germany?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question, Ben. One of the things that I think any judge would worry about is whether somehow patients were going to be denied therapy because of implementing an injunction. And one of the things that we would do is to certainly consider having appropriate carve-outs that protect patients, so that no patient is ever in a position where they have to worry about getting therapy because an Edwards' product doesn't suit their needs. And we think if we take that kind of a stance it only makes it a little easier for the judge here to draw a conclusion that an injunction is appropriate.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem: But I'll also say that if something like that were to happen, it's certainly an upside and it's not in our plans today.
Ben Andrew - William Blair: Right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Kristen Stewart with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to go back to the reserve adjustments, just understanding how you guys are presenting it through the non-GAAP figures. Mike, I think you had mentioned just for transcatheter valve 93 million in the U.S., is that excluding the reserve? Maybe you can just give us what the reserve breakdown in terms of U.S. and OUS? I'm assuming you guys are adding that back to the sales line and then adding it back I guess to cost of goods? I'm just a little confused on the accounting there.
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. It was a $14 million reserve roughly split between the U.S. and Europe.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. So, Michael, the U.S. sales of 93 million were adding back roughly I guess 7 million to the reported GAAP results of a sales basis?
Michael A. Mussallem: So I think 93 excludes the reserve, Kristen. So it doesn't count that.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then what specifically I guess was written off, you had mentioned there was in process R&D charge that was excluded out as well. So I guess what does that relate to?
Michael A. Mussallem: There was an investment  actually some of you may recall, it goes back to Embrella. We took a slight impairment associated with that purchase that we did. I don't know that must be two years ago now.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Is that written-off because you guys are not pursuing that technology or it's just not going to come at the maybe sales contribution that you thought before?
Michael A. Mussallem: I think our belief is that it's a smaller opportunity than was in our original business model and that causes us to modify its value.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And then last question, any I guess change and thoughts just about cash usage. I know you guys have the share repurchase program outstanding, but any thoughts just on the share considering a dividend or just acquisitions to maybe diversify the sales profile?
Scott B. Ullem: Kristen, really no change in priorities for cash at this point.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Good afternoon. Just one follow-up on mitral, just wanted to confirm the first in man is still going to be a transapical. And if so, can you give us any update on a transfemoral approach?
Michael A. Mussallem: You're right, Glenn. There is no change in what we said at our investor conference. It's the device we talked about and yes, it's a transapical delivery system. It's still large bore. Yes, our longer term plans are certainly to want to move this to a transfemoral which would mean transseptal delivery but there is some work to do and we really want to have our first in man experience before we can really give you more specifics on that one. But that would really help unlock the long-term potential. But it's kind of premature right now. We just want to right now have a successful experience and be able to look back after 30 days and say that we've got a valve that's functioning the way it needs to.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets: And then a follow-up, you didn't give us the timeline for PARTNER 2a. I think the last patient came in last summer, two years of follow-up. So do we see those results toward the end of 2015?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I'm trying to recreate it here. I think P2a  remember that has a two-year endpoint, so  let's see. I don't know, David, do you recall when we  it was September, October. Then you've got two years following that, Glenn. Does that answer your question?
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, I'm assuming there we get that data TCT or AHA of 2015 toward the end of 2015. Is that reasonable?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. You know what, I didn't do the math on that one but I can get back to you on that. But yes, it usually takes us  once we actually hit that two-year endpoint, it usually takes us a good quarter, maybe a little more before we can put the data together and have it ready for publishing and have it out there.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Thank you. Mike, I think the last patient follow was early October. So I would assume ACC at '16. Let me make sure I'm clear on the reversal for the reserve. Having covered stent companies for years, we've seen reversals before. But I don't think we've seen a company reverse the bottom-line impact. So I just want to make sure I understand how you're going to be treating that going forward. So we see a negative impact from these reversals on EPS where your GAAP to non-GAAP adjustments over the course of this year being negative relative to the positive adjustment that occurred in the fourth quarter?
Scott B. Ullem: Sure. Mike, it's Scott. Most of the impact of the reversal comes at the gross profit line and the operating profit line and it all flows right down to that $0.10 a share in diluted EPS.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Yes, I understand that. So you credited the 2013 P&L with $0.10 for product that you sold but didn't implant. And so as you go back with new product that you're going to sell again, and then you're going to do what on the EPS line? So what's the bridge going to be from GAAP to non-GAAP in '14 since you just added back that $0.10 in '13?
Scott B. Ullem: We're going to pull it out in both years. Our intention is to reflect the impact of what the business would look like if we didn't have the swap and what the impact of the business looks like with the swap.
Michael A. Mussallem: This is Mike. It's always risky when I get in here and answer financial questions, but what was sold in the fourth quarter is really what was sold. And it's typical sales. What the accounting convention we understand is if you believe that there is going to be this sort of exchange in the future, you pull it out of today's sales. And then when that actually goes back and you put it back in, but that would just confuse our presentation of results. And so that's why we're going to end up showing this both ways here. We're going to pull this exchange out and show you what it is discretely both this year when we're taking the downer and next year when it comes back and it's the upper, we'll also take it out.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. So you'll take the EPS contribution from '13 out of '14, if we're all supposed to be using non-GAAP numbers here?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, top to bottom, Mike, it all comes out.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. And then one question; the first quarter guidance, how do you get to the lower half of that range? It would seem if the roughly $3 is the guidance for '14, obviously recognizing that's a very much a ballpark figure, it would seem that guiding from down 2% to down 16% in EPS, the down 16% type number would seem to be extreme given that the first quarter the competitor launching. So how do you get to  how would you get to the lower half of that range in the first quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem: I don't know. Mike, there's a wide range. What we've tried to do is to represent what we think the full range of possibilities are and this is sort of I suppose the bottom of the range is just a lot of things go wrong and top of the range, so a lot of things go right. I mean I'm not going to lay out detail specifics on that, but at this stage when there was the uncertainty associated when Edwards is going to be approved and the uncertainty of exactly how the rest of the questions about the rollout of competitor products exists, we thought it was best to give you what our feeling was as a realistic wide range.
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good afternoon. It's Steve Beuchaw here for David. First of all, Scott, welcome to the call.
Scott B. Ullem: Thanks, Steve.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: Two quick ones. One is on SAPIEN 3, the full CE Mark study data, could you give us a sense of when we might expect to see that data and is it safe to say that expectations for best-in-class leak data, low stroke appropriate there?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, in terms of when it's going to be available, we say most likely at PCR. That would be our estimate although again these clinicians tend to operate pretty independently. We can't speculate exactly what it's going to say but the enthusiasm's been high and we're thinking that the results are going to look pretty positive based on what we've seen in the very early data?
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: Got it. And then one on the U.S. market, Mike, in your comments thinking back to TCT and the analyst day, you sounded very comfortable with a view that pricing in the U.S. would be, let's call it, disciplined. Is there any higher or lower level of comfort that you're feeling now that you've seen the competition on the market in the U.S. as it relates to where pricing trends?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Steve. It's going to be interesting for us. We just take what we've heard externally. The same maybe that you've heard is that we don't expect there to be a dramatic change in the pricing of our competitors what we really don't know. We're not anticipating that there's going to be a big change in pricing. Remember, there was a very large investment on the part of anybody to get to the U.S. market. This would only be the second competitor in the U.S. market and there's nobody on the near horizon that would be coming to the market. So, I don't know if there's a lot of incentive to change pricing dramatically.
Steve Beuchaw - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, very helpful. Have a great afternoon.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints we'll be only able to take one final question. Our final questioner will be Bob Hopkins of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question.
Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks for squeezing me in. I appreciate it. So just two quick ones. First of all, Mike, in your prepared comments you talked a lot about how ready the organization is for the CoreValve launch. And I was wondering if you could add any color to that in terms of how do you defend against CoreValve? What is the strategy? Any details you'd be willing to provide there would be helpful.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks very much, Bob. I'm not sure that I want to go into detailed tactical approach but other than say that we think the body of evidence that's around SAPIEN and especially SAPIEN XT provides a tremendous foundation for which we can compete. And when you combine that with our willingness to upgrade people from SAPIEN to SAPIEN XT in a pretty painless and rapid fashion, we think it puts us in a position to be very strong defensively. As you know from our P&L, we were continuing our spending rate in terms of our sales and marketing resources in the U.S. We haven't pulled back on that at all. And simply the fact that we have a full mover advantage in that we've been in the marketplace for a couple of years, we like to think we've treated our customers with a lot of respect and a lot of care, we think that is only helpful at a time like this when they're going to have a choice.
Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. I understand the rationale for not disclosing too much there, but just curious if you wanted to add anything. And then the second question was on the European market for TAVR, and just if you could provide a little bit more color on why you think it did better than you originally anticipated? And are there any read-throughs there for the U.S. market long-term? Just trying to understand why the better growth in Europe.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I mean it was very encouraging from our point of view. I'm not sure that we really saw it. There were a couple of things that I thought were noteworthy. One is that we saw it  we've typically seen Germany grow nicely and that continues to be a nice part of our growth, but we watched France and Italy and the UK all put up improved growth numbers. And so that was meaningful to us. From a share perspective, we performed very well in transfemoral units. I mean this was very strong growth. And again, it seems that the 29 millimeter XT is continuing to be a very popular product with customers. So I guess that's all I'd really add. Southern Europe was gone from being drag to growing again. May be that's part of it as well, Bob.
Robert Hopkins - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. That's helpful color. Thanks so much.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Okay. Well, thank you all for your continued interest in Edwards. Scott, David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. So with that, back to you David.
David K. Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates, sales results excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and use conference #13574369. Let me repeat this numbers. Dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and the conference #13574369. In addition, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you very much for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Thomas M. Abate - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Misha Dinerman Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Research Division Suraj Kalia - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Earlier this morning, we issued a press release with our third quarter 2013 financial results. On today's call, we will discuss those results and follow our prepared remarks -- and following our prepared remarks, we'll open up for questions. Our presenters today are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales and sales growth, gross profit margin, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, taxes, free cash flow, diluted shares outstanding, interest expense and foreign currency impacts. These statements also include our current expectations for the timing, status and expected outcomes of our clinical milestones and trials, regulatory approvals, regulatory compliance and reimbursement, as well as expectations regarding market growth and opportunities, the U.S. and Japan launches of SAPIEN products and associated economics, new product introductions, impacts of competition and the timing and impact of patent litigation. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also as a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you, David. This quarter, we're pleased to report strong sales growth driven by transcatheter and surgical heart valves, as well as solid bottom line results. A number of important transcatheter valve developments were among this quarter's highlights, including the approval to begin the U.S. clinical study of our most advanced valve, SAPIEN 3, expanded approval to include alternate delivery approaches for SAPIEN in the U.S., a favorable patent infringement ruling in Germany and the receipt of reimbursement in Japan. This approval means Edwards is the first to offer this novel technology to patients in Japan, which brings our lifesaving therapy to over 60 countries. Now turning to the quarterly results. Reported sales grew 11% to $496 million. Sales growth, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, was 13%, driven by transcatheter and surgical heart valves, with a strong contribution from Europe. In transcatheter heart valves, third quarter sales grew 39% to $172 million, driven by the ongoing U.S. SAPIEN launch and strong growth in Europe. In the U.S., THV sales for the quarter grew 56% to $86 million, which included $12 million of clinical sales, but was reduced by $2 million of net stocking. As we previously projected, activities slowed sequentially due to seasonality, and the impact of consignment conversions exceeded stocking sales. Clinical sales were driven by enrollment in our PARTNER IIa trial and the ongoing nested registries. We estimate commercial procedures grew 80% over last year. As a reminder, in third quarter last year, net stocking had a favorable $8 million impact to sales. At the end of September, 265 sites in the U.S. offered SAPIEN to their patients. Overall, we continue to believe that TAVR economics and hospital capacity are not yet optimized at most sites, and there remains significant opportunity for improvement. Our U.S. team is strengthening its capability to educate sites on TAVR economics and share best demonstrated practices from some of the leading U.S. programs. Importantly, nearly 15,000 patients in the U.S. have been treated with our transcatheter heart valves over the past 2 years and clinicians continue to maintain very high procedural success rates. In September, the FDA approved revised labeling for our SAPIEN valve to include alternate access points in addition to the transfemoral and transapical approaches. This change enables U.S. reimbursement for patients regardless of which implantation approach a physician uses. Outside the U.S., THV sales grew 25% over last year or 20% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Growth was driven primarily by transfemoral units. We estimate the favorable patent infringement ruling in Germany had negligible impact on sales in the quarter, as affected customers continue to work down inventory of the competitor's product. While more recent competitors had a small impact on this quarter's results, we expect it to be greater in the fourth quarter due to new product approvals. Now updating our clinical and product development milestones. We're actively working with FDA and continue to expect a mid-2014 U.S. approval for SAPIEN XT with a NovaFlex delivery system and anticipate a rapid introduction will follow. We're proud to announce that we've completed enrollment in Cohort A, the surgical arm of the PARTNER II trial. This is the first randomized study -- first randomized trial to study transcatheter heart valves in moderate risk patients, which has the potential to significantly expand patient access to transcatheter valve technology. In August, we received FDA approval to expand our PARTNER II clinical trial to include a 500-patient cohort to study 1-year outcomes of our SAPIEN 3 system in high-risk and inoperable patients. Recently, we started enrollment and are excited to bring our most advanced valve delivered through a 14-French eSheath and designed to reduce paravalvular leak to patients in the U.S. In Europe, we remain on track to receive a CE Mark to launch our SAPIEN 3 valve by year end. We completed an initial clinical experience with our CENTERA valve and expect to begin another clinical series with an enhanced delivery system in the next several months. During the quarter, we received reimbursement for SAPIEN XT in Japan, which became effective October 1. We've completed our first commercial cases. And since sites are required to undergo a rigorous certification process, we anticipate sales will ramp slowly. We believe transcatheter valve technology will be particularly attractive to Japanese patients, and the introduction of our SAPIEN XT valve in that market should contribute meaningfully to sales beginning next year. And finally, we received approval in the quarter for SAPIEN in Australia and SAPIEN XT in Canada. Treating mitral disease with transcatheter technology continues to be one of our primary development efforts, and we still believe a first in human experience with a transcatheter mitral valve is likely in 2013. We expect to provide an update at our December Investor Conference. We are continuing to invest broadly in structural heart disease solutions and have dedicated teams working on multiple therapies. In our patent litigation with Medtronic, we had 2 significant recent developments: First, in Germany, the court found that Medtronic infringes our Spenser patent. The validity of this patent is still being contested. We posted the necessary bond, putting into effect the court's injunction and recall. Contrary to our interpretation of the court's decision, Medtronic has not instructed hospitals to return product. We've requested further enforcement action by the court, and we anticipate more clarity in the next few weeks. Second, in our U.S. case involving the Andersen patent, the U.S. Supreme Court has denied Medtronic's request for further review of the case. Edwards' request for a permanent injunction and additional damages are pending before the Delaware trial court, and no timing for these decisions has been established. In summary, we continue to expect global transcatheter heart valve underlying sales growth of 25% to 30% and are tightening our 2013 sales guidance range to $700 million to $730 million. Included in our assumptions are U.S. sales at the low end of our previous guidance range of $350 million to $400 million and stronger o U.S. performance. In the fourth quarter, we expect minimal impact from the German injunction and the Japan launch. Now turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy group. Reported sales increased 3% over last year to $192 million. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales grew 6% compared to the prior year, driven by unit growth. This quarter's growth was led primarily by strong performance in the U.S. and Europe and tempered somewhat by a competitor's launch in Japan. INTUITY contributed approximately 2% to total sales growth. Globally, our pricing remains steady. ASPs were stable in the U.S. and higher in Europe, due to INTUITY, but offset by geographic mix. In the U.S., sales grew 6.7%. We estimate that we regained share in the quarter and that the market grew in low single digits. We also believe we are beginning to benefit from our recently published long-term durability data. In Europe, we're making good progress on our key INTUITY milestones. We continue to expect a CE Mark in the near future for INTUITY Elite, our next-generation platform, which has been well received by clinicians for its lower profile. In the U.S., enrollment in our TRANSFORM Trial remains on track, and we now have upgraded all sites to INTUITY Elite. Also in the U.S., we continue to enroll patients in our COMMENCE IDE trial, studying the GLX tissue on our aortic and mitral Magna Ease platforms. Based on current trends, we are raising the bottom end of our sales growth range in Surgical Heart Valve therapy and now project 3% to 5% underlying growth in 2013. Turning to the Critical Care product group, total sales of $132 million for the quarter declined 5% over last year. The primary driver of the decline was a foreign exchange impact in Japan. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales increased 1%, as double-digit growth of FloTrac was nearly offset by the continued reduction of distributor inventories in China and the ongoing exit of our Access product line. The incorporation of our noninvasive monitoring technology into our EV1000 platform is continuing, and the integrated product remains on track to be introduced in 2014. This quarter, noninvasive products once again contribute modestly to sales. We remain enthusiastic about the significant opportunity represented by our GlucoClear system and are encouraged by the progress on our 2013 goals. We completed enrollment in our ICU accuracy study in Europe and expect it to demonstrate compelling results in the hospital setting. We expect to receive further insight on the pathway toward U.S. approval in the fourth quarter. Based on our year-to-date results, we now expect full year 2013 underlying sales growth for Critical Care product group to be at the bottom of our previously stated 2% to 4% range. And now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Abate: Thanks, Mike. Turning to the financials. This quarter, our strong sales performance in valves allowed us to achieve diluted EPS of $0.68, representing growth of 17% over the prior year. At the same time, we increased our R&D investments by 14%. During the quarter, we repurchased 3.1 million shares for $250 million and now project fully diluted shares outstanding to be between $111 million and $112 million at year end. Just after the end of the quarter, we issued $600 million of 5-year notes at 2 7/8% and fully paid down the $532 million balance on our revolving credit facility. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 73.8% compared to 75.1% in the same period last year. The reduction was driven by higher manufacturing costs as we prepare for the SAPIEN XT launch in the U.S. and SAPIEN 3 launch in Europe, as well as the reduced benefit from foreign exchange of 40 basis points. These items were partially offset by a more profitable product mix of 180 basis points. Excluding special items for the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect our gross profit margin to remain at approximately 74%. Third quarter SG&A expenses were 36.4% of sales or $180 million, an increase of 8% over the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by U.S. and Japan transcatheter valve launch-related expenses and U.S. Medical Device Tax, partially offset by lower incentive compensation and FX. As a percentage of sales, SG&A should decrease in the fourth quarter, and we continue to expect SG&A to be between 36% and 37% of sales for the full year. We continue to aggressively invest in R&D, and spending in the quarter grew 14% to $84 million or 17% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in multiple heart valve clinical studies. For the full year, we continue to expect R&D to be approximately 16% of sales. Net interest expense for the quarter was $1 million. In the fourth quarter, we expect net interest expense will increase to approximately $4 million to $5 million as a result of the $600 million debt issuance earlier this month. We estimate our recent share repurchases will largely offset the EPS impact of the higher interest expense and, therefore, have a neutral effect on our fourth quarter EPS. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 23%, down from 25.9% in the prior year, due primarily to the absence of the federal R&D tax credit last year and favorable reserve adjustments this year. We continue to expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be at the low end of our 23% to 24% range. FX rates negatively impacted third quarter sales by $9 million compared to the prior year, driven by the weakening of the yen. Compared to our recent guidance, FX rates negatively impacted EPS by $0.01. At current FX rates, we now expect a $45 million negative impact to full year 2013 sales. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $110 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $147 million, less capital spending of $37 million. For 2013, excluding special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $270 million and $310 million. Turning to our balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $758 million. Total debt increased to $532 million as a result of our share repurchases during the quarter. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 58 days and our inventory turns were 1.7, both consistent with the prior quarter. Turning to our sales and earnings guidance. At current exchange rates, for the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group, we are raising the bottom end of our range now expect -- and now expect sales of $780 million to $810 million. In transcatheter heart valves, we have tightened the range to $700 million to $730 million, which reflects U.S. sales at the low end of our $350 million to $400 million range and stronger o U.S. performance. In the Critical Care product group, we now expect sales at the low end of our previous $530 million to $570 million range. In summary, we are reiterating our full year guidance, with sales of $2 billion to $2.1 billion and earnings per diluted share excluding special items of $3 to $3.10. For the quarter -- for the fourth quarter of 2013, we project total sales of $520 million to $550 million; and diluted EPS, excluding special items, to be between $0.81 and $0.85. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. We continue to project double-digit underlying sales growth in 2013 and believe that our many clinical and commercial accomplishments this year have strengthened our leadership. This positions us well for continued success, and we remain committed to developing innovative technologies in structural heart disease and critical care that provide clinicians with transformational therapies to treat their patients. Before we open it up with the questions, I'd like to remind you about our 2013 Investor Conference on Monday, December 9, in New York, where we'll provide an update on our new technologies, as well as our outlook for 2014. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. If you haven't yet RSVP-ed for our December Investor Conference, you can do so on our website. And as a reminder to those of you who are here in San Francisco for the TCT conference this week, Edwards is hosting an informal breakfast meeting on Thursday morning at the Intercontinental Hotel. Please RSVP for the breakfast by contacting a member of our Investor Relations team. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Mike, maybe if we could spend a minute on the Q4 guidance and how you're thinking about that. If I'm doing the math correctly, I think this quarter, TAVI sales were up 39%. The midpoint of the guidance for Q4 implies about 19%, 20%. The U.S. in particular implies a pretty significant deceleration in growth from what you reported this quarter. So maybe you can talk a little bit about that. And I know there was a lot of stocking in Q4 2012. So maybe if you can talk about just the commercial growth that's implied in kind of the -- in the U.S. guidance.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Larry. Yes, the -- we actually -- we expect a good quarter in the fourth quarter, and I think there's enough guidance out there, with 3 quarters under our belt and you now have our full year expectation. You have a pretty good feel of what we think is going to happen. But yes, if you're just looking at growth rates on a reported basis, you have to take into account what you mentioned, which is the fact that we had a positive net stocking in the fourth quarter of last year that was pretty substantial. Remember, that was the quarter when the Cohort A was approved and transapical came into being. And so that was a boost for the quarter as much in stocking. As you see this quarter, actually, we had negative net stocking and we wouldn't be surprised if it would stay -- it certainly is not going to be the positive driver that it was in the fourth quarter of last year.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then just one on mitral, obviously, encouraging commentary from you earlier that you still think the first-in-man is likely this year, only 2 months left in the year. Is there any additional color that you can give us, Mike, on what gives you the confidence that you'll be able to do a first-in-man in 2013? And I'll drop.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Larry. Yes, as you can imagine, it's quite a process for us to move forward with a first-in-man experience. And I think the good news that you should take away from our continued statement that it's likely this year is that we continue to make progress and to achieve milestones along that way. And we really don't have much more to share. Just wanted to let you know that we're going to provide an update at the Investor Conference in December. And so I'd say, really stay tuned for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citi.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mike, just on fourth quarter and Germany. Can you talk just a little bit about the impact there? You said you're not expecting much from Germany and you expect Medtronic to remove its products. How does that balance against the compassionate use that's still allowed and why is there not just greater contribution into the fourth quarter guidance from Germany?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's a good point. So just to keep in mind what's going on there, recall that in anticipation of the injunction that Medtronic provided some excess sales, it appears, to their accounts, and I think they acknowledged that. And so there's some inventory that still remains and we believe that, that was being worked off to some extent in the third quarter. There's a difference of opinion on the court's interpretation. We feel that the court expected customers to return product, Medtronic has not ask their customers to do that. And so we've gone back to court to provide clarity in that regard. And further, as you know, we proactively provided for compassionate cases and have a specific set of valves that we thought were appropriate that wouldn't be appropriately treated with an Edwards system. I think Medtronic may have a different interpretation or broader interpretation of that. We're also asking the court for clarity on that point.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And, Mike, just a second question just on U.S. demand. Yesterday at the conference, under the discussion of the TVT Registry in which the speaker said the U.S. market is plateauing at about 250 sites and 800 U.S. procedures per month. Do you have a comment on the U.S. market saturating or plateauing?
Michael A. Mussallem: No, we don't believe that the U.S. market is plateauing. I think the TVT Registry has a substantial look back there. I'm not sure that you're able to really draw conclusions from the collection of that data. And our experience is that there's still a growing market in the U.S., and I think that the results this quarter that we believe that procedures versus third quarter a year ago grew approximately 80% is a pretty good indication that this is not a flat market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: With so much scrutiny on just one aspect of one division of your business, U.S. TAVI, wondering if you could comment about the U.S. business commercial and also including clinical. If -- correct me if I'm wrong, but you -- last year, I think you had somewhere in the mid-single digits from a clinical perspective in terms of contribution to U.S. TAVI. And this year, it was significantly bigger than that. In our research, some of your bigger clinical centers, in some cases, prefer to enroll patients than to implant with the a -- in commercial setting, given the different innovations, the different products that they have access to. So how would you have us look at your U.S. business? I know you gave commercial sales growth, but should we include clinical in that, given the phenomenon of clinical centers, perhaps in some cases, preferring to enroll than to implant in commercial?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks, Jason. Yes, as you pointed out, there were significant clinical sales this quarter, larger than they've been in the past, particularly because there was pretty stout enrollment of the PARTNER II trial with SAPIEN XT. And if you just step back, I think a reasonable way to think about this is those cases that are being done clinically could very well have been done commercially. And I like to look at the total number of procedures that are happening and think that clinical volume should be sort of added to the commercial volume when you consider what is the demand that's in the marketplace. So I think that's a correct observation. We expect the clinical demand to stay pretty robust here in the future. And you have to remember that there's also competitive clinical demand as well. So I think that's worth taking into account when you think about just how big the market is or how fast it's growing.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: That's helpful. And my follow-up would stay with U.S. TAVI. I know you're not ready at this point to give your 2014 expectations. But perhaps you could give us a sense for how you're building that up and what variables you see as the biggest drivers to growth in your U.S. business next year in terms of how you're building up the number of synergy think [ph] will contribute to that number. And then utilization rates just juxtaposed to your experience in Europe in your 3 there versus what you may expect here in terms of utilization, how that might trend next year.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Well, I think one of the things that we indicated is over time, the impact of stocking and consignment will diminish. And so we think that'll be a less pronounced effect in 2014 than it is in 2013. You're right, we're not going to give specific guidance about 2014. But the high procedural success rate gives us confidence that we've got a very robust and growing procedure base, and that will continue. And one of the biggest headwinds, I think, to growth so far has been some of the economic concerns, and those just continue to improve over time. We still have a young procedure. And that is, we believe, getting considerably better on a consistent basis. And so we think that's really what will provide the underlying lift for continued growth next year. And as you point out, in Europe, here we are -- this is the sixth year after introduction, and Europe just had a growth quarter of about 20%. So pretty remarkable. I know it's maybe the comparison last year was at the depth of some problems in Europe. But nonetheless, it's pretty encouraging to see how that's going.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just 2 quick clarifications first. So one, I wasn't sure what the fourth quarter full year U.S. TAVI guidance is now if that had changed. And second, Mike, will we not hear anything on mitral side until the Analyst Meeting? If you could clarify that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So yes, on the mitral question, I don't think you should anticipate that you're going to hear things from us until the investor conference. We don't have any plans to report anything at this point. And then, in particular, you're asking about what the guidance is for the remainder of the year?
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, in the U.S -- I know you had the $350 million to $400 million range. But did you change that today?
Michael A. Mussallem: We -- what we said is that you should...
Thomas M. Abate: At the low end.
Michael A. Mussallem: Expect it to be at the low end of that range. Correct. We kept the overall global range the same because of the stronger o U.S. performance.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. And then just one question. I don't know if you caught Datreek's [ph] comments yesterday on the TVT Registry. I felt like he let a little something slip out of the bag ahead of the publication. But he said that 25% of the implants to date, and this is in the first 50 to 700 cases, had STS scores below 5. Is that possible? That just didn't seem right to me, but I was hoping you would know the data better than we would.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I don't know about that, Mike, we understand that they are struggling to enroll that trial. And I think that probably as a result, that there's a...
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, I'm not talking about SURTAVI. Mike, I'm not talking about SURTAVI. I'm talking about the TVT Registry.
Michael A. Mussallem: Oh, the Registry, oh the TVT. Are you talking about the U.S. or European data?
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, no. U.S. TVT Registry.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, that doesn't sound likely to us. We're not sure that STS captures all the factors. Sometimes what confounds that is the frailty or porcelain aorta. So maybe that's confounding the statistics. But broadly, we think people are pretty disciplined about the way that they utilize the valves.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to come back to the surgical valve business, which you kind of glossed over a little bit in your prepared remarks though you did see somewhat of a turn in that business. So I'm hoping you could walk us through in a little bit more detail what's happening with that franchise. To what extent, if any, are centers seeing a pull-through effect from having TAVI programs in the U.S.? And then how shall we think about the surgical valve business going forward from a cannibalization standpoint?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Thanks very much. The -- we're -- we still believe that there will be a halo, although we just haven't seen substantial impact on our results so far. The growth this quarter was unit growth. And so we believe that the market was probably growing in low single digits, and that we also had share increase, I think, as we're regaining share in the U.S. is part of that. We saw growth both in THV accounts and non-THV accounts this quarter. So both sort of lifted. So we're pretty optimistic about our surgical heart valve franchise in terms of where it is right now. Does that answer your question?
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. Now -- and then I guess your -- the corollary question to that would be if you're not seeing much of a halo effect or pull-through effect, why wouldn't this business see increased pressure over time as the sort of PARTNER A group starts to pick up as a percentage of total units?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question. And we'll get deeper into that at the Investor Conference. But big picture is yes, there will be some pressure and some cannibalization, of course. But we think that the awareness of aortic stenosis is going to increase. It's a largely untreated population, and that there are likely to be more people that flow into the system. And so we'll get a boost from that. And so we're not sure that it's just purely a subtractive effect.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right, got it. And maybe just for Tom on the P&L, just a clarification around the moving parts in the gross margin line, could you maybe first give us some perspective, what was sort of the underlying or sort of real gross margin this quarter? And then how long do we see this headwind from inventory build?
Thomas M. Abate: Yes, that's a good question. I think we're going to see the inventory effects throughout the launch. It's going to continue into 2014. When exactly? I don't have a date. But there's a number of things that are involved with the training and inventory and so forth. So I think that's likely to continue into the future. I'd say this -- the benefit -- we're still seeing some benefit in this quarter from FX, if you just isolate the current quarter. But that's pretty much gone by next quarter. So we had a strong first half. Remember, we were getting help, 150 to 100 basis points. We also had a real strong benefit last year, second half. So -- but that's tapering down. Now, of course, as you wrap around rates, whenever you have a big movement, that's pretty normal until the next movement. So predicting FX, we'll take another shot at it in December but it's always a variable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brooks West with Piper Jaffray.
Misha Dinerman: This is actually Misha Dinerman for Brooks. I was just wondering, Mike, if you could give us an update on TA training and how the rollout there is going, how many of the sites have been now set up with training? And...
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks. I think at this point, great, great majority. I don't know the exact number. But my estimate would be 95% or more of sites in the U.S. are trained on transapical approach.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with Crdit Suisse.
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Mike, one of the consternations about the stock is the view that the U.S. market, given the constraints of the NCD, can't really grow that fast until there's indication expansion. And that given the emergence of competitors and just trialing efforts that are going on in clinicals, that it's going to be difficult for Edwards to grow the U.S. TAVI business reliably in '14 and '15. And just kind of schematically, how do you respond to that? And is there anything we should be thinking about that we're maybe missing?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We continue to be optimistic about the U.S. market. I think the improving economics will be gradual, but I think they will be deliberate, and we'll see that. And we think as economics improve, that it will stimulate hospitals to increase their capacity and to further develop their referral networks. So that's just the -- it would be an underlying boost. Remember, we expect a SAPIEN XT approval next year, which we think is also very helpful and that [ph] comes along with additional sizes. So we think that also helps increase the number of patients that you might touch in the United States compared to just the SAPIEN technology that's there today.
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Mike, my follow-up is about the kind of hospital profitability situation. And just to put a clarifying point on it, if a patient is mapped to the correct MS-DRG and you can reduce length of stay with kind of discharge to home, that in your mind really will allow the hospital to kind of pocket more of the profit and there won't be some recoupment on the part of CMS?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think that's right. Overall, we believe that profitability is not only improving, we think that most hospitals today are profitable on a per procedure basis. And as they improve their economics, for example, improve their length of stay and have proper discharge planning, yes, the benefit comes to the hospitals.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Swann.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Mike, I was hoping I could follow up on the mitral program. Sorry to harp on this, but can you give us any color on sort of what are the milestones that still need to be hit before we can go first-in-man? And then secondly, to follow up on that, how quickly can this go from first-in-man into a pivotal CE Mark trial.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We really haven't gone to the point where we lay out the specific milestones. I think as we mentioned, we go through quite a process. Our -- all of our in vitro tests, as well as the early preclinical tests that we would do, both on acute animals and chronic animals, it's quite a process. And I don't know that it's appropriate to get into that in a deliberate way. I -- we think there's a lot to learn in a first-in-man. There are no great models for really doing this in the mitral position. And so I think getting in front of ourselves would be inappropriate. We're going to try and bring this more to life when we're with you at the Investor Conference. And so we'll try and get much deeper. But I think at this point, we'll hesitate to make any projections beyond that we think it's likely that we're going to get in the first-in-man, and we look forward to that experience.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And I was hoping you could comment on your Q4 guidance and for o U.S. THV sales and how you're factoring in. Just this -- earlier this morning, a competitor got a next-gen valve, a CE Mark approval. So how are you thinking about the competitive ramping up in Q4, particularly since you don't expect a benefit from Medtronic and Germany quite yet?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks. We've been really pleased with both the -- what the market's been doing in Europe and also our performance compared to competitors. And that's gone very well. And we felt like we leave the third quarter with a lot of momentum. I think what was just approved this morning is no surprise to us. This is fully what we expected, and that's fully anticipated in our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions here. Mike, just on XT, maybe a couple of questions. First, the timing you're giving for mid-next year seems a little longer than maybe some more optimistic expectations, considering that it's not a novel valve. Maybe just give us a sense of could that estimate actually prove conservative and what your thoughts are there. And then secondarily, I'd love to know kind of how you think about XT in the U.S. in terms of being able -- as a key growth driver next year, can it really drive increased growth? Or do you see XT as a valve that likely cannibalizes a lot of TA procedures? So those 2 points, both the FDA process and how you see XT play on next year as a growth catalyst.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, David. I think we need to bring you with us to the next FDA meeting, so you can explain to them that XT is not a novel valve and that they should rapidly move to approve this. We try to make similar arguments but they're pretty convinced that it is a unique and novel valve. And we're pretty pleased. We think that profile change is going to be substantial. I'm not sure everybody really thinks about the difference of moving from a 24-French system to an 18-French eSheath. That's a big change that customers are going to go through, and I think it's going to have a big impact on patients. In addition, I also mentioned that we have -- we'll have a range of sizes that are significant, and that will make a difference as well. There are patients that are being excluded today because we can't serve them with a 23 and 26 millimeter size.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, Tom, just maybe a quick follow-up on gross margins. Obviously, this year, there's a significant series of launches in multiple markets, which are pressuring GMs. Next year, you start to anniversary some of those launches, but we kind of gear up for the U.S. push of XT. I mean, is XT in the U.S. is going to have the same type of inventory pressure that we're seeing here in '13, or can we sort of expect the broader mix of your business with the multiple countries driving per valve to maybe take those GMs higher? So I'm just trying to get a sense of whether the pressures we're seeing in the back half of '13, are we going to see them again in '14 because of XT? Or the net benefit should be GMs heading higher?
Thomas M. Abate: Yes, it's difficult to predict. We need to get the actual approval dates behind us and see how these launches are actually going to work, how aggressively, we'll look at inventory in both cases. But our goal is to get everything that we can outside the U.S. to XT, including the U.S. So it will give us some efficiencies. Obviously, S3 will be the leader. But next year, it's probably mainly Europe that we're looking at. So being able to drop SAPIEN should help. I don't know how quickly we would see that benefit, probably a little bit of time before we get that work through the system because we do still have some -- we'd still have SAPIEN in some indications in the U.S.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, maybe I'll just to add to Tom's answer that although we do pick up efficiency when we'd leave SAPIEN and go to XT, we will be producing a more expensive SAPIEN 3 valve as we move forward, so...
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart with Deutsche Bank.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just as a follow-up to that last one, just in terms of the SAPIEN XT label. Have you changed your view on -- or expectation that it will be not only approved for the inoperable patient population but also for high risk? So I'm just confused as to how you would then be able to transition everything over to SAPIEN XT without that label also specifying high risk.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. No, we haven't changed our view. Of course, we would love to have the label be not only inoperable but high risk. But at this point, we don't have any reason to be able to really provide any guidance on that, Kristen. It -- the trial provide -- you're familiar with where -- what the trial tested.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Right. And so I guess, if it doesn't change, then, I guess, we could continue to see some of this inventory pressure in gross margins because you'll have to have both product lines continue in the U.S. until presumably PARTNER IIa results and approval.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think that your broad assumption is correct. If that were to persist, then we would have to keep SAPIEN going as well as XT, as well as SAPIEN 3. That would sort of hurt our efficiencies, and we'd feel that in the margin.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then I was wondering if you could just expand a little bit more on just the Japanese market. I know you had mentioned that you expect the ramp to be a little bit slower. Can you maybe just help us get a little bit more perspective just on the number of centers you're looking at there; what, in particular, is causing the slower ramp, what centers need to be credentialed for or anything in that regard?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. So the -- we've already begun training centers. But there -- in addition to what Edwards typically does, there's an additional criteria that was established by the Ministry of Health and Welfare in Japan and medical societies for there actually to be a certification that would be done by local physician societies. And that is an additional gating item and would need to be done along the way. So what we're concerned is it will make the launch actually even more deliberate. So it will be -- provide a slower ramp than if we had -- if we didn't have that requirement in there. Now having said that, we think this is going to be a very popular procedure in Japan, and ultimately, it's going to grow very nicely. But I think this additional requirement is going to mean that it's going to go slower. So even though we've trained some centers, for example, I'll doubt that we'll have an additional 10 centers trained in the fourth quarter.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I missed in the beginning, but how many centers are in the U.S. right now?
Michael A. Mussallem: 265 at the end of the third quarter.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And do you still feel good about the targets that you had set? It seems like it's tracking a little bit lighter.
Michael A. Mussallem: I'm sorry, Kristen, what was that?
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you feel still positive about the number of centers that you expect to add? That number seems to be tracking a little bit lower?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Given where we are right now, it's probably less likely that we reach 300 by the end of the year. But we think, typically, the third quarter is slow. So it's not surprising that it's a little less this quarter than we have experienced in the past. I think we need to let some others ask questions now, Kristen.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up on Germany and a follow-up on Japan. In Germany, I believe Medtronic's CoreValve was doing somewhere about $15 million to $20 million per quarter. And I guess, what I'm hearing is you're saying in 4Q, they have enough product in the channel that you're not going to be able to really benefit. But how should we think about the benefit in 2014? Can you capture at least 50% to 75% of CoreValve? And then I have a follow-up on Japan.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's a really good question, Glenn. When we said there was minimal impact this quarter, actually our local team actually thinks there might have been even slightly negative impact, as they're still working off quite a bit of this competitive inventory. Before we can make a call on how things might go in the future, I think we're going to need these decisions from the courts. Because the courts will tell us a couple of things: One is whether there is going to be a recall of the products that are still on the shelf; and two, just how rigorous this definition of compassionate is. We think it's quite rigorous. And again, we've tried to be generous with the idea that we're really going to do the very best for patients and their physicians, but that's not clear. So we would expect over the next several weeks to have some decisions there that help clarify that, but it's not perfectly clear right now, Glenn.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And I would assume we'll get the update at the Analyst Day, correct?
Michael A. Mussallem: Certainly.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. And then in just Japan, can you remind me, I believe in the past you've said no stock in Japan, just consignment. Is that correct?
Michael A. Mussallem: That is correct. We're going to go directly to consignment model in Japan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So just a couple of quick follow-ups. First of all, on the U.S. side, can you give us a sense as to what you expect in terms of Q4 revenue from the -- from clinical trials for U.S. TAVI? And then to follow-up on the question on number of centers in the U.S., I was wondering if you could comment on are you still comfortable longer term that you can have, really, 400 centers up and running, ultimately. Or is that number now lower? Because that certainly was what some of the commentary was yesterday in a few of the sessions.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So -- the -- so let me -- I'm trying to...
Thomas M. Abate: Q4 clinical...
Michael A. Mussallem: Oh, yes. So Q4 clinicals, we hesitate to make predictions about what clinical cases will be in the quarter. We think that there will continue to be some pretty good clinical volume, with SAPIEN 3 beginning in the PARTNER II trial. We think that will be pretty popular. So that could drive some pretty rapid uptake, but it's difficult for us to predict exactly where that comes out. In terms of the number of sites, yes, you're right. Given that we're at 265, it does call into question on whether we'd get to 400 by the end of next year. We're going through that analysis now. We'll try and give maybe a sharper picture of that when we get to the Investor Conference. But your observation is a good one.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So -- and then just as a follow-up, on the clinical trial revenue, I know you don't want to give an exact number for Q4, but should we assume it's roughly the same as what that is right now? And then my last follow-up is simply, do you have any update for us in terms of your expectations for a decision from the European Patent Office on validity?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bob. Well, I admire your persistence on trying to get a clinical number out of us in the fourth quarter, but I think we're going to hesitate to offer that up. I think I pretty much offered the best insight that I can. In terms of the Spenser patent, we would expect the European Patent Office to make a decision in the first half of '14 on the validity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor with Barclays.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So just wanted to ask a question about SAPIEN 3. You've got -- your launch expected here early next year and you're also due some additional clinical work in the U.S. So first question is you mentioned the clinical trial, I guess, drain on commercial volumes in the U.S. And I'm curious as to how you see that evolving sequentially. Meaning, you got a lot of clinical stuff going on, but you mentioned before there's more competitive clinical trials going on at the same time. So do you think that you'll actually see more clinical sales for Edwards or less because of that dynamic?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Well, I guess, I'd say that we're really excited about SAPIEN 3. We think it's a terrific valve. We think clinicians are super excited about it. And the opportunity for them to implant in the U.S., especially in these leading centers that are in the PARTNER II trial, is going to be exciting to them, and we expect them to move along at a pretty rapid pace. I don't know how fast that's going to go. Naturally, they need to go back through their IRBs, which they do for any of these changes. I don't expect that to be onerous, but it's still a requirement. So it's tough to make the call exactly how fast that is. But we'd expect it to enroll pretty fast, and that would drive the clinical sales number up. Having said that, whether it's clinical sales or commercial sales, we're relatively indifferent. This is -- as long as we're making progress here in terms of moving the best system forward and that the therapy is continuing to grow and be popular and help patients, we're very pleased with that.
Matthew Taylor - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And then just a follow-up on the centers. There's been some speculation about the total number, ultimately. Can you comment on the centers that you've trained so far? Have you retained all those centers, is your batting average pretty high there? And have any centers dropped off because of one reason or another?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I don't know any exact numbers in terms of exactly what's going on. We don't tend to have centers that so-call drop off that I'm aware of at any serious numbers. I'm sure there are exceptions here and there. But for the most part, I think people try and meet their minimum requirements to stay within the NCD.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Suraj Kalia with Northland Securities.
Suraj Kalia - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: So Mike, if I may piggyback on the question about Germany and inventory for CoreValve? I think sort of this why do you expect it that you're going to follow the same pattern in some the other countries, whether it's Italy, U.K., so on and so forth? Can you give us some perspective of if you will try to preempt any of the inventory issues with CoreValve, assuming in some of the other countries you'll go for litigation with the Spenser patents? And would the German court set a precedent in some of the other countries, also the interpretation?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I think the other countries do pay attention to what the German courts do. But I hesitate to do any projection. We just don't comment on future litigation, Suraj. And so we really have nothing to share at this point.
Suraj Kalia - Northland Capital Markets, Research Division: Fair enough. One more question, Mike, and forgive me if this is a too forward-looking question. Obviously, a lot of the centers in the U.S. complain about profitability about TAVI. I think a lot of the centers that we talked to have consistently started giving feedback that the perioperative and immediate post op outcomes have improved substantially, but that the cost effectiveness is just killing them. Do you think given all the competitive clinical trials coming on board, do you -- what does your internal analysis suggest in the price elasticity of demand on the commercial side for your products? Do you think it's a viable strategy at this time in terms of causing a step-change in the demand curve?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Just broadly, we think -- although everybody's not there at this point, we think more than half of the centers are profitable just on a per procedure basis today, and that, that is improving. And we've seen that results in the early data that we've had a chance to look back, the MEDPAR data. And we are feeling that in our own experiences. In terms of our pricing and the role in that, we think our pricing is fair and we think it does a good job of reflecting the value of the procedures. Even if you go back to The PARTNER Trial and Cohort B and remember that cost effectiveness versus other cardiovascular procedures, it was pretty comparable. And when you consider that it's a young procedure and that there's a large opportunity for improvement, we think we're pretty well positioned for that to continue to get better over time, especially as we're able to bring better systems that are going to be easier for patients and their physicians.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Mike, 2 things. First, briefly, I hate to ask or even think about Mike's departure but -- Tom's departure, but any update on timing of the CFO search?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. The CFO search is going really well, Rick. We're going to be sorry to say goodbye to Tom as well. He's been a fantastic partner. He's continued to be highly engaged, and so we expect a very smooth transition. I think that we'll have something announced certainly before year end, hopefully even sooner than that. So just stay tuned, but that's all going well.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Good. CENTERA, a couple of questions to finish for me. You said you're starting a second trial. Maybe a couple of things around CENTERA, Mike, and you could just take it at whatever order you want. What does this all imply for a new trial, a second trial applied for EU approval? Do you think you can still come to market in 2014? You talked about a new delivery system. I think you said it went by sort of quickly. And maybe any larger reflections as the repositionable era grows closer?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, Rick. So yes, we're really excited about the CENTERA valve. We think it has the potential to be by far the best-in-class, self-expanding system. We decided to make a pretty significant change to the delivery system, and so we're going to start the trial with a new delivery system here in the next several months. And that will pick up the clinical cases. I -- we don't have any timing to project. Maybe we'll have some things that we can talk about at the Investor Conference, but we're pleased with the direction that this is going in, and we're really looking forward to starting this next series of patients. Okay. Well, thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates, sales results excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and use passcode 421584. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Thomas M. Abate - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Imron Zafar - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our second quarter 2013 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and the accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales and sales growth, gross profit margin, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, taxes, free cash flow, diluted shares outstanding and foreign currency impacts. These statements also include our current expectations for the timing, status and expected outcomes of our clinical milestones and trials, regulatory approvals, regulatory compliance and reimbursement, as well as expectations regarding market opportunities, the U.S. launch of SAPIEN, new product introductions, competitive conditions, and the impact of patent litigation. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although, we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying, excluding the impact of foreign exchange constant currency, and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release. And now, I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you, David. We're pleased to report solid second quarter results, driven by strong sales of transcatheter and surgical heart valves in both the U.S. and Europe. Our SAPIEN in the U.S. continues to be highlighted by the very high procedural success rates and we are gratified to see this therapy changing the lives of so many patients. The growing body of positive clinical data reinforces our conviction that transcatheter valve technology offers a compelling treatment option for a large and growing patient population. During the quarter, we received the approval of SAPIEN XT in Japan, setting the stage for our launch there next year. And more recently, a German court found the competitor infringes our intellectual property and issues an injunction order against them. Now turning to our quarterly results. Reported sales grew 7% to $517 million. Sales growth, excluding the impact of foreign exchange was 10%. Strong transcatheter and surgical heart valves helped drive 16% sales growth in the United States. THV and surgical valves were also strong contributors to growth in Europe. In transcatheter heart valve, second quarter sales of $182 million were driven by the ongoing U.S. SAPIEN launch and improved growth in Europe. In the U.S., THV sales were $90 million for the quarter, which included clinical sales of $10 million. Reorder sales this quarter more than doubled from a year ago. Clinical sales were a bit higher sequentially, lifted by enrollment on our expanded nested registries. We anticipate registry enrollment to continue in the third quarter, which will facilitate efforts to expand SAPIEN XT's indication to include these important patient subgroups. This quarter's results also included $1 million of net stocking sales. As we previously indicated, as more sites move through the consignment conversion process, the impact of consignment should exceed stocking sales in the second half of 2013. We continue to expect reported sales in 2014 to more closely track procedures performed. At June 30, approximately 250 sites in the U.S. offered SAPIEN to their patients. Almost 220 sites met our qualifications and were trained to begin transapical delivery. Importantly, as the number of sites has increased and the TA approach has become more broadly adopted, clinicians have continued to maintain very high procedural success rates. Overall, we continue to believe that TAVR economics and hospital capacities are not yet optimized at most sites, and there remains significant opportunity for improvement. Our U.S. team is now focused on educating sites on appropriate TAVR reimbursement and improving lengths of stay. The nearly 12,000 patients in the U.S., whose lives have been transformed by SAPIEN in the past 2 years, are a constant reminder of the impact and benefits of this therapy. Outside the U.S., THV sales grew 9% in the quarter or 10%, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Unit sales grew approximately 11%, and pricing declined slightly. Sales in Southern Europe grew for the first time in over a year. Transfemoral units grew approximately 20% and represented approximately 70% of sales consistent with last quarter. We estimate new companies entering the TAVR space sold less than 10% of commercial units in the quarter, mostly concentrated in Germany. We expect this rate to increase with anticipated fourth quarter competitive approvals. At the recent EuroPCR and TBT meetings, our SAPIEN platform was featured prominently in numerous live cases and data presentations. A particular note was 1 year data from SOURCE XT registry that studied our lower profile SAPIEN XT valve. These data, which showed a 1-year survival estimate of 85% for TF patients and low incidence of procedural complications in stroke, confirming the positive real-world TAVR, provides patients a quality of life and heart function that's improved. At both meetings, clinician interest in our newest technologies was very strong. And while there are new competitive offerings in development, we remain confident that the strength and breadth of our pipeline will enable us to solidify our leadership position. Now updating our clinical and product development milestones. As we indicated in our last quarterly call, we submitted our PMA for Cohort B of PARTNER II in late April. While we are working with the FDA to expedite approval, we still project a mid-2014 approval, followed by a rapid introduction. We are nearing completion of enrollment of Cohort A, the surgical arm of PARTNER II, designed to expand the indication into more moderate patients. Enrollment in other valve trials, including our own nested registries, has impacted the pace of enrollment in Cohort A, and we now expect to finish in October. In Europe, we remain on track to receive a CE Mark and to launch our advanced SAPIEN 3 valve by the end of the year. We believe that SAPIEN 3, which is delivered through a 14-french eSheath and designed to reduce paravalvular leak, will quickly become the best-in-class transcatheter valve in Europe. We are also continuing to enroll our self-expanding CENTERA valve trial. During the quarter, as expected, we received regulatory approval for SAPIEN XT in Japan, which makes us the first commercially available transcatheter valve in that country. We continue to expect reimbursement to be established by year-end, and we believe the transcatheter technology will be particularly attractive to Japanese patients and its introduction should represent meaningful sales growth beginning next year. Our lead micro-transcatheter program is a valve replacement, and we continue to believe a first in human experience is likely in 2013. Treating micro-disease with transcatheter technology is a very large opportunity, and as one of the pioneers of microvalve therapies, we believe Edwards is well-positioned to be successful in this area. We're continuing to invest broadly in structural heart disease solutions and have dedicated teams working on additional approaches. Since last quarter, there have been 2 developments in our IP litigation in Germany against Medtronic. In the first case, which asserted infringement of one of our Crebier patents, the German court found that Medtronic did not infringe and we are appealing that decision. A hearing in Germany pertaining to the infringement of a second Crebier patent is scheduled for December. Earlier this month, the German court found that Medtronic infringes our Spenser patent, which describes multiple TAVR designs, including a goblet-shaped device sized to minimize extension of the device into the left ventricle. The court granted an injunction prohibiting the sales of CoreValve and Evolut in that country, as well as the recall of these products, and accounting for past damages. We are in the process of posting a bond, which is required before we can enforce the injunction in Germany. The validity of the Spenser patent is being contested in Europe in a separate action. The patent, which expires in 2022, is also in place in numerous other European countries, including France, Italy and Spain. Spenser patents have also been issued in the United States. The first was filed in 2001 and they expire in 2021. Our sales in Germany for the first half of 2013 were approximately $25 million, and we estimate -- I'm sorry, were approximately $65 million, our sales in the first half of 2013 were approximately $65 million and we estimate total TAVR sales for all companies in Germany to be between $200 million and $240 million this year. We're still developing plans to implement the German injunction. As this process unfolds, most importantly, we will be proactively working to ensure that all patients have access to the necessary therapy. In the event that Edwards products is not suitable, we will encourage use of alternative product. In our U.S. case involving the Andersen patent, after the appellate court affirmed the judgment of willful infringement late last year, the Delaware trial court was instructed to reconsider Edwards' motion for permanent injunction. We have also asked for damages since early 2010. We are waiting the decision of the judge and no timing has yet been established. In parallel, Medtronic has filed a petition asking the U.S. Supreme Court to hear the case, which we have opposed. This fall, we expect a decision as to whether it will hear the case. In summary, we are reiterating our guidance for 2013 transcatheter heart valve sales, which excludes any favorable impact from the German injunction. We continue to expect global sales to grow 25% to 30% on an underlying basis. This would result in sales of $670 million to $750 million, which includes $350 million to $400 million of sales in the U.S. As a reminder, there was a pronounced seasonality in the third quarter of last year. Now turning to Surgical Heart Valve Therapy group. Reported sales increased 2% over last year to $204 million. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales grew 5% compared to last year. This quarter's growth rate reflected strong global performance, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. Our global ASP declined slightly, primarily due to geographic mix. Valve pricing was stable in the U.S., and was lifted in Europe due to the growing contribution to sales of our INTUITY valve. In the U.S., sales grew 4.4%. We believe there was an uptick in the heart valve procedures performed in the second quarter compared to the first quarter, and we also believe we gained share. The recall of minimally invasive cannula produced in the Draper facility detracted from the surgical valve product line's growth rate. In the quarter, new long-term PERIMOUNT data was presented at meetings demonstrating unprecedented durability results for tissue valves. For aortic valves, the data demonstrated an expected durability of 17 years in patients aged 60 or younger, which represents the longest follow-up series in younger patients. For microvalves, the average patient age was 68 and the data demonstrated expect a durability of more than 16 years, which represents the longest follow-up series for a micro tissue valve. During the quarter, INTUITY sales in Europe added approximately 1% to our overall growth rate, and we continue to make progress on our key milestones with this innovative valve system. We continue to expect to CE Mark in the near future for INTUITY Elite, our next generation platform with a lower profile designed to further enable small incisions. In the U.S., enrollment of our TRANSFORM IDE trial remains on track and we are in the process of upgrading all sites to INTUITY Elite. Also, in the U.S., we are continuing to enroll patients in our COMMENCE IDE trial. This trial, which includes both our market-leading aortic and micro valves, is studying the GL-X tissue on our Magna Ease platform. As we disclosed in May, we received a warning letter from the FDA, whose observations focused on our Cardiac Surgery Systems manufacturings operations in Draper, Utah. We've made this matter a top priority and are focused on resolving it as quickly as possible. We have promptly responded to each of the specific issues addressed in the letter and are implementing the necessary actions. We do not expect this matter to have a material impact on our 2013 financial guidance. We continue to expect underlying sales growth in Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group to be between 2% and 5% in 2013 aided by the commercialization of INTUITY. Turning to the Critical Care product group. Total sales of $131 million for the quarter declined 4% over last year. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales increased 2%, driven by strong growth of advanced monitoring products tempered again this quarter by a reduction of distributor inventories in China and the ongoing exit of our ACCESS product line. The integration of our noninvasive monitoring technology is on track to be Incorporated into our EV1000 platform next year. Sales this quarter were encouraging, but will remain moderate until 2014 when we plan to introduce the integrated platform. We remain enthusiastic about the significant opportunity represented by our GlucoClear system and are encouraged by the progress on our 2013 goals. We continue to expect 2013 to be pivotal as we complete enrollment in our ICU accuracy study in Europe by the end of the year, and gain further insight on the pathway toward U.S. approval. We continue to expect full year 2013 underlying sales growth of 2% to 4% in the Critical Care product group, driven by continued growth in our advanced monitoring products and as distributor inventories in China reach target levels. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I'd like to provide a brief update on our search for his replacement. As you know, Tom recently announced his decision to retire from Edwards later this year. Since the announcement, we've received interest from a number of highly-qualified candidates, which are -- and we are presently conducting interviews. We're making good progress and expect to identify his successor in the next several months. And now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Abate: Thank you, Mike. I'd like to add to what Mike shared by saying it's truly been a pleasure to work with the team here at Edwards for many years. While I'm looking forward to retirement, I will remain with the company until my successor is on board and I'm committed to a smooth transition. Turning to the financials. This quarter, our solid sales results, combined with strong leverage, allowed us to achieve diluted EPS of $0.82. Excluding special items from the prior year, our diluted EPS grew 22%. During the quarter, we approved a new $750 million share repurchase program, and we substantially completed our existing repurchase authorization of $500 million. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 2 million shares and now project fully diluted shares outstanding in the second half of 2013 to be approximately $114 million. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 75.8% compared to 73.1% in the same period last year. Last year's rate was 74.8%, excluding the impact of special charge. The improvement was driven by more profitable product mix and a favorable impact from foreign exchange, partially offset by manufacturing inefficiencies. Excluding special items for the second half of 2013, our gross profit margin should be between 74% and 75%, driven primarily by a reduced benefit from FX and near-term inefficiencies as we prepare for multiple THV product introductions in 2014. Second quarter SG&A expenses were $189 million, or 36.6% of sales, an increase of 4% over the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by the U.S. Medical Device Tax and U.S. transcatheter valve expenses, partially offset by FX and lower incentive compensation expenses. As a percentage of sales, SG&A should trend up in the third quarter due to seasonality and then decrease in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we expect SG&A to be between 36% and 37% of sales. We continue to aggressively invest in R&D and spending in the quarter grew 9% to $81 million, or 15.6% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in a number of heart valve clinical studies and new transcatheter valve development efforts. We expect R&D to increase in the third quarter as we continue our investments in clinical studies. For the full year, we expect R&D to be approximately 16% of sales. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 22.7%, down from 24.6% in the prior year, due primarily to the absence of the federal R&D tax credit last year, and a favorable reserve adjustment this year. We continue to expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be at the low end of our 23% to 24% range. FX negatively impacted second quarter sales by $14 million compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of the yen. Compared to our recent guidance, FX rates negatively impacted EPS by $0.01. Looking forward, we now expect a $55 million negative impact to full year sales. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $99 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $127 million, less capital spending of $28 million. For 2013, excluding special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $270 million and $310 million. Turning to our balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $575 million. Total debt was $227 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 58 days, a 2-day increase from the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 1.7, consistent with the prior quarter. Turning to our sales and earnings guidance. Since we are still estimating the potential impact of the injunction in Germany, we are not including it in our 2013 guidance at this time. Given multiple variables, we assume that the injunction isn't likely to have much impact on our third quarter results. We plan to provide an estimate in the injunction's future impact when we release our third quarter results in October. We are maintaining our sales guidance, even though the dollar has recently strengthened moderately. At current exchange rates for the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy Product group, we continue to expect sales of $770 million to $810 million. In transcatheter heart valves, we continue to expect sales of $670 million to $750 million. And the Critical Care product group, we continue to expect sales of $530 million to $570 million. We continue to expect full year sales of $2 billion to $2.1 billion, and earnings per diluted share, excluding special items, of $3 to $3.10 resulting in a growth rate of approximately 14%. For the third quarter of 2013, which is typically our seasonally lowest quarter, we project total sales of $475 million to $505 million, and third quarter diluted EPS, excluding special items, to be between $0.63 and $0.67. And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. Our second quarter results have increased our confidence in achieving our sales and earnings guidance and we remain enthusiastic about 2014 as we prepare for important transcatheter product launches next year in the U.S., Europe and Japan. We plan to continue investing substantially in the development of novel heart valves and other structural heart disease therapies, as well as in Critical Care technologies. We believe that our steadfast commitment to innovation will enable us to broaden our leadership position and create value for patients, clinicians and our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. Before we open up for questions, I would encourage you to mark your calendars for Monday, December 9, when we will be hosting our 2013 Investor Conference in New York. This event will include updates on our new technologies, as well as our outlook for 2014. More information will be available in the next couple of months. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, we're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to go back to the U.S. transcatheter business and try to better understand the commercial stocking clinical breakout. Can you maybe just help us understand what's going on with net stocking with the $1 million number you reported this quarter, was that a reflection of fewer centers trained than expected? Or faster conversion to consignment? Can you maybe just help us think about how that progresses through the balance of the year?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we trained approximately 25 centers in the quarter, which is very consistent with our expectation. As I think we indicated right along here, consignment is on the rise. And so what you're seeing is that, that's starting to equalize, where stocking and consignment are nearly the same.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And do you still see that net-net stocking number, did that turn negative in Q3 going forward? And any change in your thinking on how the balance of the year looks?
Michael A. Mussallem: No. I think the balance of the year is going to looking much like we signaled right along. So we expect that the consignment should exceed stocking sales in the second half of the year, and that that's going to sort of -- that will end in 2014, where in '14, the actual results will track closely with the procedures performed.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe lastly, just to understand the earnings progression here and, Tom, your comments around the gross margin. It looks like for the third quarter, based on your revenue guidance versus your earnings guidance, you're taking a pretty big margin hit. And understandably, SG&A ticks up on a ratio basis, given seasonality, but in the gross margin line, how long does that ramp up take and those manufacturing inefficiency take place? Is that something that snaps back in 2014? Or is something that might take longer to get back to that sort of 75% to 76% gross margin level?
Thomas M. Abate: David, the difference that is little bit of phasing. This quarter, Q2, was a bit stronger than I would have thought. And I think we gave a piece of that back or some of that back in the third quarter. The difference between Q2 and going forward, Q3 and Q4, is we lose some of the benefit on the year-over-year comparison due to FX. First half, I had 100, 150 of help. That pretty much dissipates in the back half. We still get benefit but not in comparison to last year. In terms of the manufacturing inefficiencies, if we can see that it'll probably affect Q3, and potentially we think of them as near term, I can't predict the exact phase out the way that would work. But remember, it's somewhat related to all of the products that are coming in the beginning of '14. So we're trying to get ready for XT launches in the U.S., you've got S3 Europe and those things. So production right now, we're balancing a lot of things at the same time. And we also had a big adjustment we took to China in the first half, which affected the volumes in Critical Care. And that's probably run through the system by the end of this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So I wanted to start on Germany. Can you guys talk about when you're going to post the bond and when CoreValve will be off the market there? And when do you expect a ruling on the validity of the Spenser patent? And then I have a follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, Larry. The first thing that has to happen is the court has to issue their formal judgment. And once that formal judgment is in place, it puts us in a position to post the bond, and we're going to be in a position to do it very quickly once that's done. So we're expecting that's quite eminent. There's a whole -- there's a number of factors in terms of when the injunction might exactly go into place. I'm not sure the second part of your question?
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So a ruling on the validity of the Spenser patent, that separate ongoing litigation?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Our estimate that it could be somewhere -- anywhere in the 2- to 6-month range before we get that decision.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And I wanted to ask a question, Mike, on SAPIEN 3. Should we -- so basically, I'd be interested to hear your view on that product because the checks we're doing on that suggest a very high level of enthusiasm for the product. And given the low rate of paravalvular leaks and the 14-french delivery system. So a couple of questions on SAPIEN 3. One, should we expect any stocking effect when you -- when that's approved? Do you think you can actually take back some share with that product? And lastly, the CE Mark trial has 100 intermediate risk patients. How do you expect that data to help you? Could you actually get an indication and reimbursement for intermediate risk patients?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. We're very enthusiastic about SAPIEN 3. It really looks great, we're excited about it, we think it's got the potential to be the leading product very quickly. In terms of what it might do to -- I think one of your question was, what it might do to product shares, it's a little bit hard to predict. I guess, your first question was stocking. Most of the product that we have in Europe is already on a consignment basis. And so I don't expect stocking to have a significant impact as we roll that out and it's going to be difficult to predict exactly the impact that it has on competition at this point. We think that it's going to open up the indication. But right now, it's likely to have the same indication as we have today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: With respect to your guidance you reiterated in the U.S., I was wondering if you could give us a bit more color, quantifiably speaking, with respect to the polar ends of that guidance. Clearly, center's utilization are important contributors to that guidance, as are the stocking and trial revenue. Could you give us a sense specifically, on number of centers and utilization rates that you're sort of using on both ends of that guidance, to give us a little bit of a sense for probability of either one?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Well, in terms of adding centers, we're going to continue to add centers during the course of the year. I don't know if we'll have as many centers added in the second half, as we do in the first half of the year. In the third quarter, normally, the training of centers goes slightly slower. But overall, you've got the same kind of trends probably continuing throughout the course of the year, Jason. I don't expect a dramatic change from what you've seen earlier. Sites are continuing to clear their capacity, they're continuing to make some improvements on economics. And so, there's a gradual, but I don't expect sort of an abrupt change, and much change in the overall trajectory until we get to an XT introduction next year.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. So just asked a different way. Does a lower part of your U.S. guidance assume that utilization trends decelerate a bit? And the higher end assumes, perhaps, that they accelerate? Is that the way to think about it?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, that's fair. I'd say based on what we've already done, it's not clear. We could actually fall a little bit below the mid-part of the guidance for the rest of the year. For the close of the year, it's not clear. So it's hard to tell at this point, Jason, but if everything stayed the same, that's about where it would be. But we're generally expecting a mild pick up.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Last question for me. Japan. I know it's a little early to get guidance from you for 2014, but could you talk about what you're expecting preliminarily in terms of the ramp, maybe relative to what it was when you launched SAPIEN XT in Germany or Europe more broadly?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. It's going to be a little different animal than when we launched in Europe or when we launched in the U.S. So the upside in Japan is that reimbursement will be in place. The downside in Japan is that there's very few centers that have been trained at the start of launch because there were only, remember, 3 centers in our clinical trial. So it's going to be probably a more deliberate ramp as it comes up. We think there's going to be steady demand and we think the ramp is going to be a good one, but it's going to be moderate at the beginning and picking up speed.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brooks West with Piper Jaffray.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Mike, I wanted to test you a little bit on how you're seeing volumes in the U.S. to large versus small centers. If you've seen any change in that since last quarter, even? And then, have you -- as a follow-up to that, do you have any thoughts on what might be the ultimate number of U.S. SAPIEN sites? And then, I've got a follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. In terms of -- do I think things have changed? I think it's been pretty moderate change. There hasn't really been anything that's noteworthy, Brooks, to say that, gee, the large centers or the small centers have really changed in terms of their contribution to the mix. There probably tends to be more favorable economics in the larger centers. So I think they're continuing to do well. So you'd probably surmise that, that continues to be a driver. But that's probably that. In terms of total sites, we'll try and give you an update when we get to the Investor Conference. I think, last time around, we indicated that we would get to 400 centers over a 2-year period, meaning by the end of '14. Just based on the way the NCD is being interpreted, we're guessing it might be a little bit lower than that. But we're still working on that.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And then, a follow-up for Tom. A follow-up for Tom just on the injunction in Germany. Maybe assuming that, that injunction comes through, call it, late Q3 or early Q4, $50 million to $60 million of potential TAVR revenue up for grabs. What's your comfort level in the street, adding some revenue to our models for that in '13 and '14? And what's kind of appropriate thinking there?
Thomas M. Abate: Well, Brooks, there's a number of variables, mostly, that relate to the start. There's questions about timing in terms of inventory in the field and how that's actually going to work through and what's actually going to happen. So we -- purposely, we gave it a lot of thought, and we decided that we probably, at this point, we'll be in a much better position to give you a good look at it when we come to next quarter's earnings. By that time, we'll have gotten through the start-up phase. We'll have a better idea of what's in place in the field and what we can do. So if you don't mind, I'd like to hold that one off to next quarter. And I think what we're trying to do though is give you a couple of key numbers for Germany to give you an idea what is available. And that is the full markets out there and our sales, and I think most of you guys can back into that pretty closely, and then it comes down to share assumptions and things like that.
Brooks E. West - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then, maybe I could sneak 1 more, I apologize. Any thoughts on the injunction and, really, the whole IP portfolio as it relates to other players that are entering the market?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We really don't discuss our litigation strategy in advance, Brooks. So we really don't have anything to add at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Imron Zafar with Jefferies.
Imron Zafar - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Sorry to beat a dead horse on Germany, but can you talk about the comment on these reports that there was bulk selling and channel stuffing from CoreValve in the second quarter and to what extent that might eat into future revenues in the third quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. It's a good point. We've also heard that there's been some stocking, maybe, up to a hundreds of valves into the German market. And we're still in the process of understanding what are the implications and the options associated with that. Just to give you a little bit more color, just to get the sense for what Germany looks like, probably a good 80% of the centers -- actually, more than 80% of the centers in Germany already utilize Edwards as a product, so either exclusively or shared with CoreValve today.
Imron Zafar - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, in terms of the U.S. market, the 20 centers that put off their training in the first quarter, how many of those were actually trained in the second quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem: I believe that pretty much all of those -- there might be 1 or 2 or 3 that haven't -- but for the most part, those have all been trained. So the people that haven't been trained at this point are people that haven't already been qualified on transfemoral. We really have them go through a process where they do transfemoral first.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with Crdit Suisse.
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Mike, I'm going to violate the rules and ask 3. First, in terms of ramp in the United States, is it finding patients or is it capacity and reimbursement? Second, given the validity hearing coming up and the disruption to clinicians, does it make sense to enforce an injunction only after you've heard the validity? And third is, could you just comment about what you believe the scale of mitral is? And might we something at TCT?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. First, in the U.S., economics, capacity, patients, those are all somewhat related. So it's difficult to say exactly what it is, and it's quite account-specific and even region-specific. And you might imagine, as economics improve, then more energy goes into increasing capacity and finding patients. So there really is a relation, and we have redirected our teams to really help accounts with their economics. We think they have huge opportunities for improvements, and we think that that's a linchpin. At the same time, there is some pretty steady efforts to improve capacity, but it's quite account-specific. And same thing with their ability to drive into their referral networks. They're all making some progress, but some moving faster than others. In terms of your second question, we believe that the patent is valid, and we're going to move forward with all the steps toward injunction independent of what's going to go on in terms of the judgment of validity. So we don't see that as a pivotal issue. Your final point on mitrals -- as we've pointed out, we're -- we continue to feel like it's likely that we're going to have our first in man mitral series. We're not going to talk about exactly when that is. There's a number of milestones for us still to clear before we get there, but we think it's likely. We're excited about it. It's a very large opportunity. But it's difficult to size the opportunity until you actually have the product manifestation. We do know that's a very large group of patients, and we think that a mitral replacement actually is one of those that gets after a substantial component of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Maybe, Mike or Tom, could you help us think through the sequential flow on the U.S. TAVR commercial line? We've come at it several ways. And, Mike, I think I just heard you say it might fall, sort of, slightly below the middle end of your guidance range, not surprisingly. But can -- you had nice 2Q versus 1Q sequential increase by 12%. Given the expanded number of hospitals, can you be flat commercially or sequentially into the third quarter? Because it just seems you just need a huge step-up into the fourth quarter to get into the middle of the range, and that's where I'm sort of going. Theoretically, why should the fourth quarter be so big beyond it's not including a vacation period?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I mean, I'll just point out that we're in a launch and we're in a ramp, and we are adding centers. Just the first half of the year, we added 50 centers, and the other centers are becoming more mature. And as they become more mature, they're building their capacity in the process of doing that and improving their operations. So I think it's very likely to expect that there's momentum in the back half, such as the back half would be bigger than the first. As we pointed out, there has been -- there's pretty profound seasonality that we experienced last third quarter. So we're mindful of that. We really don't know what's going to happen this third quarter. And so, we hesitate to provide estimates by quarter. But you have our full year estimate, and we already have half of the year under our belt. So we have a pretty good sense of confidence that we're going to fall within the range.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And maybe, Tom, for you. You mentioned you completed your share repurchase. I think you said you ran through the authorization. Any perspective from you or Mike on whether you're going to re-up and whether the board will consider reinitiating?
Thomas M. Abate: To be clear, what we finished was the prior authorization for $500 million. So we put about $150 million in the quarter. So we just received the new approval for a fresh $750 million. So obviously, we like the stock where it's at right now in terms of value. So the intention, as always in the past, we've used these relatively quickly in 18 to 24 months. So the thought was that, yes, we're interested in repurchasing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Swann.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Mike, I just wanted to follow up on the comment you made about hospitals not yet being optimized and you guys are working hard to help with that on reimbursement front, et cetera. What other areas can hospitals improve on? For example, is it possible for hospitals to reduce the number of resources required to do one of these procedures as they get more experience? Can you talk about that? Because it seems like, obviously, they're limited by the NCD, but the Europeans are doing something that the U.S. guys aren't doing yet. And I'm just wondering what that is as far as number of procedures per day.
Thomas M. Abate: Yes. There are a number of opportunities for improvement. Probably, the most substantial are length of stay. This length of stay are still quite large and the length of stay in the ICU is still quite long, and there are already a number of good examples of accounts -- leading accounts that are able to get their length of stays in the 4- to 5-day range. And so, being able -- for those that aren't there yet, to be able to have them see what best practices look like is great education for them, and we think that will have impact. The point you make about less resources during the procedure is also a very real one, and that has opportunity. There's also an opportunity in coding and classification. We had a chance to look back at the MEDPAR data and see real opportunities there for accounts to improve. And then, as the new technology comes out, we think that also is an opportunity. Right now, they're still dealing with the 24-French system. And as those systems get smaller, we think that it's going to mean that their economics improved, and there's real opportunities associated with that.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: And is -- are you seeing progress already at centers here, or is it still too early days to tell? And what's the sort of timeline in getting these centers to a point where the structural issues aren't a factor anymore?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. It's just starting to improve. We don't think that there's very many centers that really are at optimal levels at this point. If you look back at the MEDPAR data -- and again, this is the data that was concluded in October of '12. And it looked at the prior 12 months. So really, the first 11 months of TAVR in the U.S., you even saw length of stay by quarter coming down slightly a little bit. And so, you already started from the first days of TAVR. And we think there'll be a steady progression there. And one of the things that we have an opportunity to do is to help try and share some of those best practices.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with JPMorgan.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Maybe to start, Tom. Just to clarify, on the gross margin this quarter, what was the FX contribution? You said $100 million to $150 million, but I thought you were talking about the full first half?
Thomas M. Abate: Yes -- no, I was giving -- the $150 million is probably closer to Q1 and the $100 million is closer to Q2.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. I just want to make sure I'm understanding your thought process relative to the back half of the year and maybe give you an opportunity as well [indiscernible] last year because of the seasonality and some of the reimbursement issues, the market really slowed from 2Q to 3Q, and you ended up stubbing your toe on third quarter numbers. With that in mind, do you want to just give us a little bit more thought on how we should think about particularly the TAVI performance from second quarter to the third quarter to fourth quarter? Are you expecting a similar play out in 2013, as we saw in 2012?
Michael A. Mussallem: No. It's hard to estimate. I think we've looked from time to time on what is already being estimated externally, and I'm not sure that the external estimates are necessarily that far off. But frankly, we don't know what they are, and we hesitate to actually give specific U.S. TAVI numbers by quarter.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And you are -- we are -- we should assume that the consignment headwind -- let me just make sure -- go back to your original guidance on this, but should we assume that your net stocking headwind in the second half is basically about equivalent to what the benefit was in the first half of the year?
Thomas M. Abate: Yes. We find it difficult to accurately predict net stocking. We -- as you recall, if you go back to the Investor Conference, we predicted for some time here that there was going to be this gradual change, where it was going to be. The net stocking would be a contributor to our growth early in 2013 and be -- to start detracting from growth in the back half of '13 and then pretty much wash out by '14. We think it's basically planned out that way. But we're not able to be accurate enough to call what that looks like in each individual quarter. There are too many factors there.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then, last question on SAPIEN XT. The doctors seem to be anticipating approval later this year, but you guys keep talking about not until mid-2014. Can you maybe just share with us why you think it will take that long? And second, if it does come early later this year, will you need to write down SAPIEN inventory?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. We're real believers in XT. It's been in Europe since 2010. We think there's compelling evidence for why it should be in the U.S. And you can believe that we're making all the arguments that we know how to make with FDA to say that we should accelerate that. But just to be realistic, we made our submission of Cohort B in late April of this year. We're simply using the math to, say, add 365 days to that and there's your approval -- about that time in 2014, knowing that PMAs typically take longer than that. And we haven't necessarily been right when we've had our 1 year out there in the past. So that's what's really driving our estimates. So we're hoping that it will be better than that, but I don't think it should be something that anybody counts on.
Thomas M. Abate: Based on our experience with XT introduction in Europe, we did take a write-down of inventory because we thought the product was that much better than the SAPIEN, that it made sense. And overall, that was the right thing to do. And I wouldn't know anywhere else to go with the SAPIEN valves since the U.S. will be our last approval. So it would likely if it came earlier depending on how early, would likely result in some inventory write-off.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart with Deutsche Bank.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just following up, I guess, on SAPIEN XT. Mike, what is your, I guess, intended label indication that you're seeking for that? Are you just going according to what the Cohort B was in the inoperable patient population, or will you also seek a high-risk indication? Because I'm just curious on how that plays out with the CMS reimbursement that specifies an improved indication for an approved device, if you could potentially be in the situation with the SAPIEN XT only for inoperable and then SAPIEN for high-risk?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. That's a good question, Kristen. The trial, very clearly, was for inoperable patients. So SAPIEN -- or the PARTNER IIB trial was for inoperable, and that's the one that we're counting on. Yes, it would be nice if we would get a broader indications than that, but we really aren't anticipating that, that's going to be the case. We hope that FDA would give some consideration to have the same approval that already exists for SAPIEN. But again, that's one yet to be discussed.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, given your understanding of CMS and the reimbursement with the NCD, is it -- would that be correct in saying that the products for Medicare would then only be reimbursable SAPIEN XT in inoperable?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, that's -- our interpretation of the NCD is it's written in such a way that reimbursement occurs as there is an approved label indication. So if it was outside label, it would not be approved unless there was a protocol, in which it was being studied under.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So you could have the SAPIEN for high risk and then SAPIEN XT for only in-operables until you get the expanded with SAPIEN II -- or PARTNER II data?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, yes, that's possible.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, just lastly, on the enrollment in PARTNER II, can you maybe just go back and discuss why it's taking a little bit longer? I think you mentioned some of the nested registries. Is that just simply capacity at some of the centers, I would imagine? Or -- just give me some color on that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Yes, I'd -- we think it is. We mentioned both the nested registries and also competitive trials. And so, we believe, at some point, that that's consumed some capacity and probably slowed us down a couple of months here. In addition to the transcatheter trials that are going on, Edwards' own trials probably compete. We would imagine that some of the patients that are going into the INTUITY and GLX trials are also competing. So when you add those together with our registries in TAVI [ph] and the continued access in CoreValve, you'll end up with a fair amount of competition for these kind of patients.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mike, a question on Europe TAVI. You mentioned in the prepared comments that you have performed better than expected for that 11% unit growth. Was that all due to Southern Europe? Are there other dynamics that picked up or changed in Europe that made you make that comment?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We were pleased with what's going on in Europe. We wonder and we watch, obviously, the overall economy in Europe, but we think the fact that the economy picking up certainly helped. But the -- we thought the single largest factor is that Southern Europe turned from being a drag on growth to being a contributor again. For example, you saw a particular pickup in Spain. So we really didn't see the pricing impact in Europe quite as much this quarter, as we've seen in the past. Outcomes continue to be strong, so it turned out to be a pretty solid quarter. And we look at it, it was pretty broad-based. We saw in the big well reimbursed countries, we mentioned already Southern Europe, we even see it in some of the extension countries of Eastern Europe. So it was pretty broad-based.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then, Mike, as a follow-up on the last question. The sites in the U.S. -- the sites base is competing with trials and nested registries, how do you take that into account for the underlying commercial demand that you're expecting for TAVI in the back half of the year? How is it factored in?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. It's a good question. These are sick patients out there that really desperately need to be treated, and some of these patients are treated in clinical trials and other ones qualify for commercial. But I think that the combined number gives you a good sense for the underlying demand in the people that are making it through the system and really are expecting the procedure to be done. So it probably gives -- at least, gives us some insight as to the underlying demand out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. First, Mike, the Spenser patents in Europe, you kind of alluded to that these patents may also be enforced in other countries. So can you walk us through the process and the timing of Spenser being enforced in France and the U.K., as an example?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So the Spenser patent is indeed in place, and it's got a good long life on it. And it's true in these other countries. We really -- as a matter fact, I think it's in over 20 countries. We just don't comment on future litigation. We've got a lot of decisions in front of us, Glenn, in terms of what we do. And we still haven't determined that at this point.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Would you be able to say, at least -- would Spenser and decisions in other countries, is that a 2014 event that we should expect at some point?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I'd really not to -- want to commit any specifics at this point, Glenn.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just a real quick one. Number of selling days -- or any extra selling days in the quarter?
Thomas M. Abate: The only place we saw extra days was in Europe. Both U.S. and Japan were flat, but it was enough to maybe 1% of growth in total raw sales.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. So if you compare it to the first quarter, the first quarter actually is -- you probably heard us maybe 1% or 2% -- 2% to 3%, where we got maybe, 1% help in...
Thomas M. Abate: That's likely the way we could expect it for the remainder of the year, Glenn, is that each quarter will probably get some of what we gave up in the first quarter. So it all evens out.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So 1 or 2 points in the back end of the year?
Thomas M. Abate: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Spencer Nam with Janney.
Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. The first one is -- so with Germany the competitive landscape potentially changing in the next few months. I was curious if you guys have spent any sort of pricing changes or pressure, if you will, particularly from the entrants potentially lowering the price in the market to grab some of the available share?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. In general, Spencer, we don't anticipate changing our pricing policies. Obviously, we're going to work very closely with customers to meet -- to reach mutual agreements, but we're pretty consistent in terms of the way we do that. And we do give discounts based on volume, but that's pretty much it.
Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And you don't expect your competitors to be coming at you with a discounted pricing in Germany, for example?
Michael A. Mussallem: You know what? We wouldn't be surprised, in general, if competitors come in at lower pricing than we do. We find that. That's common. We don't think it's going to be dramatically lower, but we think it will be lower.
Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just a quick follow-up. In U.S., I was curious whether you guys have made a concerted effort to reach out to CoreValve sites for training? And what kind of reception/experience you've had so far working with those centers?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. We have started to reach out to people. And actually, overall, the reception has been very gratifying. There aren't really -- I tried to indicate that a little earlier that over 80% of the centers already have experience with Edwards products. Oh, I'm sorry, did I misunderstand? I thought you're talking about Germany? Or you're talking about the U.S.?
Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I'm talking about U.S., actually.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Then I misunderstood the question. I'm sorry. Could you repeat it again, Spencer?
Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Yes. So just within the U.S., while the CoreValve trial initiated, those centers were excluded from access to SAPIEN. I'm curious whether you -- over the last several months, you guys had approached these centers...
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I understand now.
Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: What kind of reception you received?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. As a matter of fact, we have talked to those centers, and we probably have trained most of the CoreValve sites at this point. So those folks that are involved in implanting the CoreValve in the clinical. And I would say most of them have some experience in implanting the SAPIEN valve and are doing it today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Mike, so just a question on the U.S. launch and the trajectory of the U.S. launch, looking at numbers in Q2 versus what you're able to do in Q1. And obviously, you guys kindly break out commercial versus stocking. But really, I think what most of us are looking for is trends in implants. And so, I know in commercial revenues, you had a 12% or 13% sequential uptick. But can you give us a sense in terms of what the implant rate was or the increase in implants in Q2 versus Q1?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I think -- I guess, we feel, overall, that reorders tracks implants pretty good. There's -- when you -- I'm -- I guess I'm searching to some extent exactly how to do that. Bob, are you meaning by site or -- maybe you can...
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: [indiscernible] I would guess the cleanest way to think about your U.S. launch is how many SAPIENs did you implant -- how many were implanted in Q1 versus implanted in Q2?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I would say take out net stocking, and the combination of clinical plus commercial is pretty close to implants. That's probably the cleanest way to look at it. Our pricing is very consistent. The pricing is slightly lower on clinical units, but you should think of something in the 30-plus-thousand dollar range for the commercial units and around $25,000 for the clinical units. And I think you can get very close to implants.
Robert A. Hopkins - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then, on mitral, I appreciate all that you've had to say here, but I'm just wondering if you could just give a little more color on -- not initially when, because you've outlined that, but exactly what will we hear -- like, how many first in man implants will there be? And is there sort of follow-up that you'll be giving? Just a little more color on exactly what we'll be hearing from you when we do ultimately hear it?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I hesitate to be able to predict that, Bob, because a lot of this is just going to depend on how it goes. So we're going to go out there, and we're going to start implants. And if things go great, then maybe there's more. And after we've learned something that causes us to go slower, then we'll slow down. So it will depend on what we learn. We're going out with the idea that first in man is not a single implant, but a series. And that's the way we look at it, and we're just going to have to play this out one at a time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis from Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Tom, maybe just a quick question following up on Mike's comments about Germany, where 80% of CoreValve centers are -- have some cyclical [ph] nature in terms of the sales and service infrastructure. So I wondered, to the extent that revenue begins to flow potentially in the fourth quarter, how do you think about the contribution margins on that business? Do you have the reps to service those accounts? Do you have to add more reps to the extent that revenue seems to have dropped down at a high contribution margin? Do you let that drop through, or do you reinvest that money? And then, I have a quick follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem: Wow. All right. Yes. I think we're thinking of it more as a big advantage the fact that they're trained. So what we would normally anticipate is where there's going to be a lag due to training and so forth. So that doesn't seem to be the issue. So we don't need -- it doesn't seem to require extra resources there. The accounts are already covered by existing reps. So maybe -- but I don't think initially we're going to see anything. Maybe we'll tell you a little bit more, as we get into it in '14. So initially, I'd say not a big incremental spending number there that goes with that, if that's what you're asking.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Perfect. And then, Mike, just to come back to TVT for a second. Their length of stay with the fancy 3 letters of that conference. And you did mention their length of stay has come down in the last 12 months, maybe 9.5 days or 7.5 days. What's Interesting is you have certain centers seem to be breaking through a certain length of stay and still seem to be achieving a higher profitability. Do you kind of have a sense, working with centers, what you think that breakthrough number is on length of stay? And any sense of how long it could take for the U.S. to get to that number?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. In our experience, it's all about their focus. If they decide that they're really going to get focused on doing it, and they have a tight team, they have an opportunity to really drive it down. We're finding that there are more -- there are several centers that seem to be able to get into the 4- to 5-day range today. And so, we look at that and say that that's one that's been replicated in multiple accounts. And the economics certainly improve substantially when you get into that range.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And, Mike, this 4 to 5 length of stay centers, have you seen an increase in utilization at these centers once they break through, let's say, 5 days?
Michael A. Mussallem: In general, those tend to be successful TAVR sites and because they are -- the same people that are investing in driving down their length of stay, they're also investing in driving their referral networks and they tend to have successful programs. And we're optimistic there's some things going on and outside the U.S. to really evaluate how good this can get. And again, we think the opportunity for improvement is substantial with the existing systems, let alone what you get when you get into next-generation products.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Mussallem for closing comments.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. Back to you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates, sales, results, excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and use passcode 417089. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-23 09:45:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Thomas M. Abate - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Imron Zafar - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Misha Dinerman Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation First Quarter 2013 Earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our first quarter 2013 financial results. During Today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales and sales growth, gross profit margin, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, taxes, free cash flow, diluted shares outstanding and foreign currency impacts. These statements also include our current expectations for the timing, status and expected outcomes of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions and approvals and reimbursement conditions, as well as expectations regarding market opportunities, the U.S. launch of SAPIEN, other new product introductions, patent matters and our pipeline. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release; our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012; and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release. And now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you, David. Our global THV sales growth of 40% was driven by the continued adoption in the U.S. Our clinical results continue to be very positive and we're making good progress on our pipeline of products designed to strengthen our leadership position. Yet global sales this quarter across all product lines were below our expectations, so we're lowering our 2013 guidance primarily to reflect the slower start to the year and an updated foreign exchange impact. Now turning to the quarterly results. Reported sales grew 8% to $497 million. Sales growth, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, was 10%. The favorable health care utilization trends we saw in Q4 did not continue in Q1. Additionally, selling days were lower this quarter and were most pronounced in Japan where we experienced the 4-day difference. In Japan -- I mean, excuse me, in Europe, sales grew 4% despite a weakened economic climate. In the U.S., total sales grew 22%. In transcatheter heart valves, first quarter sales of $170 million were driven by the ongoing U.S. launch of SAPIEN. In the U.S., THV sales were $83 million for the quarter, which included clinical sales of $7 million and net stocking sales of $6 million. Stocking orders were less than expected as we trained fewer TA sites than anticipated. While we estimated procedures nearly tripled from a year ago and were 20% high year than the fourth quarter, they were below our expectations. Today, more than 225 sites in the U.S. offer SAPIEN to their patients. Of these sites, 180 have been trained on a transapical approach. While interest among heart teams for this important delivery option remains high, approximately 20 sites have postponed their TA training. We believe the backlog of TA patients who are awaiting therapy has now been addressed. Overall capacity is still increasing, while some sites report that they currently have capacity constraints. Importantly, clinicians have continued to maintain very high procedural success rates overall even while adopting the new TA approach. As a reminder, we'll continue to report procedural growth in the impact of net stocking in 2013. And in 2014, we expect reported sales to begin tracking procedures performed. Overall, we believe the reimbursement for TAVR is designed to be fair on a national basis yet regional payments are highly variable. There are some hospitals that question the profitability of this procedure based on their regional reimbursement, as well as how they account for other related services and the allocation of overhead. We continue to engage with these centers to share best practices with a focus on reducing length of stay, as well as lowering procedure-related costs and complications. Outside the U.S., THV sales grew 8% in the quarter or 7% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Our units grew approximately 10% with pricing decline to slightly year-over-year similar to last quarter. Growth was strongest again in Germany, while ongoing austerity measures resulted in negative growth in Southern Europe. Our transfemoral units outside the U.S. grew significantly while non-transfemoral units declined again this quarter driven by a TF-first approach and the impact of competitive transapical products. Last month at the ACC meeting, there were a number of presentations and live cases featuring our SAPIEN technology, including to 2 important late-breaking datasets. First, the results of our cohort A of the partner trial continue to demonstrate comparable outcomes between the treatment with Edward SAPIEN transcatheter heart valve and open heart surgery for patients at 3 years. These data indicated mortality and stroke rates were similar in 3 years, further strengthening the evidence supporting the use of TAVR in high-risk patients. And second, preliminary results from Cohort B, a PARTNER II trial, demonstrated similar 1-year outcomes and mortality at major clinical events between SAPIEN and XP yet fewer vascular events with a lower profile XT valve. While not directly comparable, we were most pleased to see improved outcomes in both SAPIEN and SAPIEN XP patients as compared with earlier trials. Now looking at our transcatheter product pipeline. We're still enrolling patients in Cohort A, the surgical arm of our U.S. Partner II clinical study, which is evaluating our SAPIEN XT technology. We continue to expect to complete enrollment around midyear. Additionally, we anticipate submitting our PMA for Cohort B of the PARTNER II trial next week, which we anticipate leads to U.S. approval of SAPIEN XT next year. We continue to enroll patient for the CE Mark trial of our advanced SAPIEN III valve, which is delivered through a 14-French eSheath and designed to reduce paravalvular leak. This keeps us on track to receive a CE Mark and launch this product in Europe by year end. In Europe, we're continuing to enroll at our self-expanding CENTERA valve trial and clinical experience with this novel valve will be discussed at the EuroPCR next month. Also at PCR, we anticipate a number of important presentations, including early data from our PROTAVI study, which is evaluating the process of stroke and our Embrella device, as well as updates from the source XP registry. In Japan, we continue to expect to receive both regulatory approval and reimbursement for SAPIEN XT by year end, which positions us to have the first commercially available transcatheter valve in that country. Recently the first implantations of the new delivery system for our Helio aortic insufficiency technology were performed. This new system uses a completely transfemoral approach, making it an interventional procedure. As you may recall, earlier feasibility work with Helio required both transfemoral and transapical access. We're continuing our feasibility work with this system and expect additional clinical experience to be discussed at EuroPCR.  With respect to our THV patent litigation with CoreValve, we collected $84 million for Medtronic in the quarter, which reflected damages for willful infringement and interest through early 2010. Later this year, we expect the Delaware District Court to address the amount of damages due to Edwards from 2010 forward, as well as our request for an injunction. The patent office granted our request for a second interim expansion of the Anderson patent, which now extends its life to May of 2014. We expect the final decision on the patent extension to be issued during the first half of next year. And in Germany, the trial for the first of 3 new THV patent infringement cases against Medtronic Core Valve is scheduled for later this month. In summary, U.S. THV sales are below our expectations, which we believe is primarily the result of evolving economics for some hospitals and still developing capacity of both hospitals and their heart teams. As a result, we're lowering our 2013 guidance primarily to reflect our first quarter experience. We now expect global 2013 transcatheter heart valve sales to grow 25% to 30% on an underlying basis. This would result in sales of $670 million to $750 million, which includes $350 million to $400 million of sales in the U.S. In light of the reduced guidance, I'd like to remind you how we view the U.S. transcatheter valve opportunity. We are rapidly learning about the factors that influence adoption or continuing and we're continuing to work closely with sites. The untreated aortic stenosis population remains large and we believe a less invasive catheter-based approach remains attractive to patients and clinicians. This is especially true in light of the growing body of clinical evidence and the increasing demand in Europe even 6 years after introduction. For these reasons, our estimate of the size of the U.S. transcatheter valve opportunity for the longer-term remains unchanged. Now turning to the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group. Reported sales declined 3% over last year to $198 million. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales were essentially unchanged compared to the prior year. This quarter's growth rate reflects a tougher comparison and was further tempered by the earlier impact from a competitor's introduction in Japan. Globally, our pricing remains stable. Late in the quarter, we received approval to sell our Magna Ease platform in China, which complements the approval of our paramount valve received late last year. This quarter, INTUITY is starting to impact our sales growth rate. We continue to make progress on our key milestones with this minimally invasive valve system. In Europe, our trials to assess the economics and benefits of INTUITY are progressing as planned and we continue to expect a CE Mark on INTUITY Elite in the third quarter. Elite is our next-generation platform with a lower profile designed to further enable small incisions. In the U.S., we recently received approval from the FDA to include INTUITY Elite in our ongoing transform IDE trial and enrollment is on track. We continue to enroll patients at our commenced U.S. IDE trial. This trial is studying the GLX tissue on our Magna Ease platform, which now includes both our market-leading aortic and mitral valves. We now expect underlying sales growth in the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group to be between 2% and 5% in 2013 aided by the commercialization of INTUITY but tempered by the slower than expected start to the year. Turning to the Critical Care product group. Total sales of $129 million for the quarter declined 4% over last year or remained flat excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Growth in advanced monitoring products in Europe and the U.S. was offset by a reduction of distributor inventory in China and an expectant sales decline related to the ongoing exit of our ACCESS product line. The integration of BMEYE is going well and the incorporation of our noninvasive monitoring technology into our EV1000 platform is still on track. While this technology have long-term potential, sales were negligible in the first quarter and will remain moderate until 2014 when we plan to introduce the integrated platform. We remain enthusiastic about the significant opportunity represented by our GlucoClear system and expect 2013 to be a pivotal year as we complete additional studies in Europe and attain greater clarity on the pathway toward U.S. approval. We're on track to meet our key milestones and are encouraged by the early experience. Based on the lower sales this quarter primarily resulting from our decision to reduce distributor inventories in China, we now expect full year 2013 underlying sales growth of 2% to 4% in the Critical Care product group driven by continued growth in our advanced monitoring products. And now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Abate: Thank you, Mike. This quarter on a GAAP basis, we achieved diluted EPS of $1.24, which benefited from the Medtronic payment and the 2012 R&D tax credit. Excluding these special items, our non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.72 or 36% growth over last year. Also during the quarter, we repurchased 1.3 million shares of our stock. As Mike mentioned, we have reduced our 2013 projected sales resulting in full year estimated diluted EPS excluding special items of between $3 and $3.10. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 75.4% compared to 72.3% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven by a more profitable product mix as THV sales continue to grow and a favorable impact from FX. For full year 2013, excluding special items, our guidance remains between 74% and 76%. First quarter SG&A expenses were $185 million or 37.3% of sales, an increase of 4.5% over the prior year. This increase is driven primarily by the U.S. medical device tax and U.S. transcatheter expenses. Given our revised sales projections, we now expect SG&A as a percentage of sales for the full year to be similar to the current rate. We continue to aggressively invest in R&D and spending in the quarter grew 16% to $80 million or 16% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in a number of active heart valve clinical studies. We expect R&D investments to remain at this current ratio of sales for the remainder of the year. As previously announced, in the first quarter we received $84 million from Medtronic related to the damages award for infringement of the U.S. Andersen THV patent. Also, as required by GAAP, this quarter we recorded $8.4 million benefit from the 2012 Federal R&D Tax Credit. For comparison purposes in our non-GAAP results, we already reflected the benefit of the credit in the fourth quarter 2012 and, therefore, excluded it from this quarter. These 2 Special Items increased diluted EPS this quarter by $0.52. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 24.6%. Excluding the impact from our 2 special items, our tax rate was 22.4%. We now expect our full year tax rate, excluding special items, to be at the low end of our previous 23% to 24% range. FX rates negatively impacted first quarter sales by $8 million compared to the prior year. Compared to our recent guidance, FX rates negatively impacted EPS by $0.02. Looking forward with the changes in the yen FX rates, we now expect a $50 million negative impact of full year sales compared to last year, which compares to the $15 million negative impact we provided at our investor conference in December. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $64 million. We defined this as cash flow from operating activities of $87 million less capital spending of $23 million. Excluding the impact of the payment from Medtronic, our free cash flow was $7 million. For 2013, excluding special items, we now expect free cash flow to be between $270 million and $310 million. During the quarter, we spent approximately $108 million on share repurchases. For modeling purposes, we now project fully diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 116 million in 2013, which is 2 million shares lower than our December guidance. At the end of the quarter, approximately 140 million was available under our existing share repurchase authorization. Turning to our balance sheet. At the end of the quarter, we had total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $558 million. Total debt was $193 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 56 days, a 2-day reduction from the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 1.7, a small decrease from the prior quarter. Turning to our sales guidance for 2013. Given the lower utilization we experienced in Q1, we now expect full year total sales of $2.0 billion to $2.1 billion, which represents an approximate 10% underlying growth rate. This includes a $35 million larger penalty from foreign exchange compared to the guidance provided in December. For Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group, we now expect sales of $770 million to $810 million. In transcatheter heart valve, we now expect sales of $670 million to $750 million. And in the Critical Care product group, we now expect the sales of $530 million to $570 million. Excluding Special Items, we now expect full year 2013 diluted EPS of $3 to $3.10 for a growth rate of approximately 13%. For the second quarter, we project total sales of $500 million to $530 million and second quarter diluted EPS excluding special items to be between $0.75 and $0.79. And with that, I'll hand it back over to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. We remain committed to our high level of investment and our pipeline of new products for the clinicians we serve and the patients they treat. We believe this enables us to aggressively develop our innovative product lines, driving long-term growth and extending our focused leadership position in structural heart therapies and Critical Care technologies. With that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord Genuity.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Mike, you intentionally, in the press release, mentioned that your U.S. market opportunity expectations hadn't changed. Obviously recognizing that similar to the debate out here on the Street, could you give us a bit more granularity as it relates to how you're sizing it? Maybe a bit more color as it relates to the current target population as you see it relative to the current technology and how that target population expands or does whatever you expect it to do as new technology comes through the FDA. And I have one follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, Jason. I'll speak to the U.S. market because that's really where we changed the estimate for the year and be would imagine that it would cause people to wonder if we thought the opportunity was smaller. And although we thought here in the near term, here, that there may be some capacity constraints and there may be some economic conditions for some sites that might be limiting in the near term, our expectation about the treatment opportunity hasn't changed at all. We continue to be bullish. Our models are driven by the prevalence. We believe that prevalence of this disease has not changed in any way. There's 260,000 patients with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis that are out there and only a quarter of those patients are treated. And we believe that as this technology continues to prove itself, and we're delighted with how it's demonstrated its impact on a long-term basis, that it's going to encourage these patients that are untreated for a variety of reasons to come off it and to gain treatment, particularly since you have this attractive catheter-based option. We think there's a component of that, which is simply accounts that are still on a learning curve that are coming up, Jason. There's accounts that are developing their referral networks, still training, general cardiologists, clinicians and their patients. So there's a fair amount of that, that's still going on right now. And we think as the technology improves and as the clinicians improve their technique, that this only grows.
Jason R. Mills - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I'd like to follow-up on that. Then my second question I'll just ask and get back in queue. The follow-up would be, I think in the past you've identified the U.S. market, broadly speaking, it's about 100,000 patients. Relative to current SAPIEN technology, what percentage of that with the current approvals do you think you're addressing? And the follow-up question is, given the evolving economic that you discussed, Mike, is there a contemplation in the near term that perhaps there would be some pricing considerations you would be giving to various hospitals and various geographies, who obviously are -- in some sort of smaller metropolitan areas we're obviously hearing that they're having a little bit more trouble with the economics than the larger ones. So could you talk about your pricing strategies near term?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Just to be specific, I don't know where the 100,000 number came from, Jason. When we built this, we built this out of the 260,000. We feel like with a transfemoral and the transapical approach that we still have the ability to treat most patients. The transapical became very important particularly with this -- the large French size of SAPIEN. So, no, we don't the market really limited from that perspective. In terms of pricing, you all know how expensive this is to be able to bring this technology to the market and to demonstrate all the clinical evidence that we generate. And we think our pricing continues to be fair. Of course, we'll reward high-volume centers with more attractive pricing, but I wouldn't expect any substantial changes in our pricing picture, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted just to start with going through maybe just at the high level, if you could provide some perspective on what's really changed in your thinking about 2013. And I understand that there are some macro economic factors. But as I look at the original guidance and some of these segments, whether it's a surgical heart valve business, that business was obviously very pressured in 2012. The guidance that you originally provided for 2013 assumed a turnaround. So I guess I'm really wondering, as you look at the guidance that you provided today, how much are you banking on things getting better versus taking what you now see as reality and extrapolating that forward?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, I'm happy to get into it, David. Out of the change that we provided in our sales guidance, remember that a big piece of that is foreign exchange. So you can sort of set that aside. That was either $35 million from the investor conference or $30 million since the last time we talked. Separate from that, there was a component of that, that was related to Critical Care. The component that wasn't FX there was largely related to this change in our inventory in China. In heart valves, the change in addition to what we already talked about that's climate related was also related to this competitor in Japan that launched a little bit early. And the biggest single change is in the U.S. THV. That change in guidance was around $40 million. If we say that about a quarter of that already happened in the first quarter, David, this is a reflection that we're off to a slower start. And so that would be the key changes aside from the macro ones that we're explaining.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then maybe just a follow-up on the U.S. business. I was a little bit surprised to hear the commentary regarding 20 sites canceling their TA training. My additional readout on the net stocking numbers, that you might have been transitioning to consignment faster. But it sounds like the dynamic is that you blew through the bolus of patients and TA and now sort of taking a little bit longer to get sites up and running. Is there any more detail you can provide us on why these sites are canceling and what do you think it's going to take to get them to, A, go through training; and then, B, really get up the curve in doing procedures?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure, David, let me get into it. On the 20, I don't know that I would say they canceled, but we would say that they postponed. And we didn't expect 20 sites to postpone. There were a variety of reasons for why they did. Some would say, gee, they're waiting for their hybrid OR to be completed. Some might say that the surgical teams, for one reason or another, weren't ready to be trained. Some people cited waiting for TAo before they actually jumped into it. So there were a variety of reasons, but those 20 sites would have probably generated something in the neighborhood of $5 million or more of stocking sales, which we did not realize in the quarter.
David H. Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then last, just on the R&D spending. It looked -- does look like that there was -- that you're continuing to spend at a very high level. And if you're willing to provide any further detail on what's in those numbers, that'll be helpful. And if not, when do you think we can start to see what's sort of beneath their kimono, so to speak, there?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, well, as we tried to suggest, the key component of that is we have a lot of heart valve clinical trials going on right now. And I tried to tick through an awful lot of those in the course of our commentary. Those consume more than 50% of the R&D budget for Edwards Lifesciences. So we're continuing to follow PARTNER patients. You've got PARTNER II and you've got the trials that are going on in surgical heart valves. You've got some of the other things that are related to registries. So when you add it up, it's pretty substantial. Separate from that, we've got the R&D programs that we cited in each of our businesses and what we have going in advanced technology. So the combination of those are pretty significant. We think that we're excited about the prospects of those investments generating future sales. And so we've really been hesitant to pull back on that and continue to think that that's a good investment of our funds.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Mike, let me start with a long-term question. You have Japan coming on that should help your growth 2014. But could you talk about what's going to drive your growth in 2015 and 2016 before we have the PARTNER IIa indication approved? Because I assume this year the guidance is for 10% underlying growth, but what -- how are you going to maintain that kind of growth beyond -- between 2015 and '16? And then I have one follow-up.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I wasn't prepared to actually go through that in detail, but I could take a shot at it for your -- just to answer your question, Larry. We think that the SAPIEN technology is going to continue to grow. Those referral patterns and those patients are going to continue to come off the sidelines and that's going to grow. In Europe, we should be bringing our new lower profile technologies into being and so SAPIEN 3 and CENTERA have an opportunity to lift those. In our heart valve area, we have INTUITY that should be hitting its stride and lifting the growth rate of surgical heart valves. We have an opportunity for our noninvasive technology and our glucose to be lifting our growth rates, within Critical Care, we have MIS products within our CSS product line, which should be lifting it. So we think there's a - we think we have a pretty good lineup, a pretty good -- it was noted earlier how much we have invested in R&D. We have quite a lineup of new things that have an opportunity to lift us.
Lawrence Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: All right. My second question, Mike, I'm sorry to sound like a broken record, but is there any color you can give us on mitral first-in-man timing?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, I'll just reiterate what we said at the time of the investor conference, that we thought it was likely that we're able to do it first-in-man in the mitral position this year. And we haven't been deterred on that. And so given that it's April, that means that we're that much closer and we continue to express the same sentiment. This is one that I hesitate to say too much before we know because we set some pretty high internal hurdles. Before we go to a first-in-man, we want to make sure that we check all those boxes and feel comfortable about that before we do it. But we continue to feel excited about the mitral opportunity. It's a big one, it's a big one for the company, it's a big one for patients. And we're hopeful that this is going to be a year where we have a novel first-in-man.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Imron Zafar with Jefferies.
Imron Zafar - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just trying to understand the TAVI guidance a little bit better. Can you talk about volume trends that you're seeing in Cohort A patients versus Cohort B patients? And also TA versus TF delivery, was there underperformance in one segment versus the other in these categories?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, one of the things that I try to note to the extent that it's helpful is that if you strip out clinicals and you take out net stocking orders, that the actual reorder rate was about 20% higher in Q1 compared to Q4. So it gives you some sense of the ramp. You have to be a little bit careful with the split of TA and TF because you still have TA that's being bought on stocking orders. There's a little bit more TF purchases than TA this quarter although they're somewhat similar. But again, the TA was listed by the stocking orders. And also note that you have a very different split outside the U.S. where you have a lower profile SAPIEN XT device. So even though you have the split, trying to do math on that is difficult. We don't have a great handle on how many, which patients are inoperable as opposed to high risk. That tends to be a gray area and we don't really have much that we could offer up on that front. I don't know if I answered your question, but happy to take a follow-up.
Imron Zafar - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: No, that helps. And in terms of the U.S. target centers, going forward, I think last quarter you mentioned 200 new centers over the next 2 years. What's the updated target there? And is there any change in the strategy in terms of focusing more on utilization at existing centers versus more resources on adding new centers?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We don't have a formal update on the 200 centers to be added over the next 2 years. It's still a reasonable estimate. I think we infer that, that would be about 100 this year, 100 next year. I would say the 100 this year is probably at the high end of the estimate. I don't expect it to be above that, but there's still a number of centers that want to get in. There are a few centers, maybe 1 or 2, that have cited economics for not coming in, but for the most part there continues to be strong demand. Was there another part of your question?
Imron Zafar - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. I just wondered if there was any revisiting of the longer-term strategy of maybe focusing more on existing centers and driving utilization at those centers versus...
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's a great question. I would say a lot of our growth has continued to come out of existing centers with well developed patterns. And there is a steep learning curve that's going on right now in all centers. There are capacity constraints and we hear it on all kinds of shapes and sizes. So we hear some that they need to, for example, get another nurse coordinator to do patient screening. We heard from some that they need to get additional days set aside in the cath lab and the ORs. We hear from others that it's time to get a second team up. So there's a variety of those things going on, some people building hybrid ORs that aren't finished yet. So if -- there's not one single theme that I can put my finger on that says it's going to relieve the capacity constraints. Our sales teams are engaged heavily with each of their sites trying to help them through their capacity increases.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Mike, I'm wondering if you can discuss U.S. volumes, U.S. SAPIEN volumes in the quarter. Were they soft throughout the quarter, things maybe better in March? Maybe some color as to how the quarter progressed.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, that's a tough one. I mean, we know how that went. It was pretty slow start to the quarter, but it's hard for us to say that it was really a steep ramp after that. So January was our softest month and we saw a pretty steady ramp after that. So I don't know if that helps provide any color, Glenn.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Yes. No, that's fine. And then the 20 sites on TA that postponed, should we assume that they come back in the second quarter and therefore we should be modeling stocking that's closer to $10 million?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We would expect that they would eventually get trained whether it be on TA or even to those sites that talk about TAo, our system could potentially -- well, the short answer, yes, they'd be trained. Now remember that even though we expect to have those stocking orders come in, Glenn, there is going to be some offset for consignment. And so I think when we try to provide some help on this, we thought that net stocking would be somewhat of a lift in the first part of the year and not so much in the back part. But you know what, as the business gets bigger, net stocking is going to start to become a smaller and smaller part of total sales and so it will have a diminishing impact.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But if these 20 states -- sites do get trained this quarter, we could get a lift from stocking in 2Q and then a slow ramp thereafter, is that a fair modeling assumption?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, yes, I do think that, that's true. We should get a lift from that. But again, I'm not in a position to predict exactly how the net stocking is going to turn out, Glenn.
Glenn J. Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Then one last quick question. Of the PARTNER sites, when we talk to the partner sites, they're maxed out. They're doing 8 to 10 cases a week. And clearly, where the slowing is occurring is in the non-partner site. And you talked about how some of these sites are having a hard time developing referral patterns. Is there anything Edwards can do to help these sites develop these referral patterns faster, so that the ramp could -- can reaccelerate?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I didn't put a big emphasis on referral patterns. I think that's one that's going to have an impact on a long-term basis. I don't know how much of an impact it's really having in the near term. But to be specifically -- or to speak specifically to your question, there are several things that we're doing that we think can have long-term impact. One we mentioned before is we've engaged with the American College of Cardiology on the championing care initiative, which is really designed to train cardiologists and then ultimately general practitioners in the treatment of aortic stenosis. And there's a big need for that. The American Heart Association is developing a section on their website to actually speak to patients with aortic stenosis. That's never been there in the past. Edwards has helped launched a new patient-focus site called yournewheartvalve.com (sic) [yourheartvalve.com], which helps direct patients that are wondering what they might do about their aortic stenosis. So there are a number of things going on right now, Glenn, that I think will be helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Mike, a couple of questions, just a general one to start with. I know it can be fun to have a guidance for the U.S. Help us think why you're confident that you've got the correct range now given the understandable surprises as the new procedure gets rolled out and the complication around referrals and reimbursement, et cetera.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Rick. You could imagine when we have a very novel innovative technology like this, there are so many variables that go into the rate of adoption. And we try hard to model that. And we've got a very talented group with an awful lot of feedback. We're very close to our clinicians in our sites and do our best, but we're not able to get that just perfect. What we always try to do is share our best insight or our best knowledge. And we believe that what we're sharing right now is our most accurate picture of how we think the U.S. is going to turn out in 2013. We're fortunate that we -- we've got the first quarter under our belts. So we know that, so I would imagine there'd be less risk in it now than when we were making those estimates in December. And so we're just that much more confident this is the right level.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, but when you think about it sequentially, Mike, and I don't know if it's the right way to think about it, let's just assume clinical trial sales and net stocking are sort of -- somewhat like the first quarter. I mean, it still seems like we should see -- the math could be something like 20% sequential growth in commercial sales. Is that too aggressive a thought, do you think?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, in terms of what are the range of possibilities, there are probably -- it's fair that the range are large. Given the dynamics, what we remind ourselves, Rick, is that if each of the 200 centers that we started the quarter with just did one more case in the quarter, that would've resulted in $6 million more sales. And so we're very sensitive to slight changes in almost every variable. And so, yes, it's always possible that we do better than this, but we're sharing this guidance as what we think is the clearest picture, the way we see it today.
Frederick A. Wise - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And just one last quick one. When does net stocking turn negative in 2013?
Michael A. Mussallem: So far we've gotten in trouble trying to predict exactly what net stocking will do because there's so many variables. We think generally that it's a positive influence in the first half and it turns negative in the second half. But again, it starts to be a smaller percentage of total, Rick, so I think it gets -- it starts diminishing as an important impact over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Mike, just to kind of, I guess, follow along with Rick's question just on the confidence with 2013. I guess, how should we -- I guess I'm having a hard time reconciling kind of entering the year, having confidence in 2013, now we're kind of taking some numbers down but yet you guys are still very confident in the longer-term outlook for the technology. I recognize that there's a very large, from a prevalence perspective, amount of patients out there with aortic stenosis. But how do you just think about that dynamic but then also considering the fact that there actually are constraints as you mentioned affecting this year like economics, which probably aren't going to get better and then capacity constraints? So I guess, why not kind of change, I guess, the outlook longer term unless you expect the economics or capacity issues to really flesh out, which doesn't seem to be a likely scenario...
Michael A. Mussallem: No, no, thanks, Kristen. Yes, well, actually, maybe we have a little different view. We do think that economics improve and we do think capacity improves over time. Here you have this disease that's just a devastating disease for these patients and we're still early in the experience of these centers. They're on a learning curve. They're still building their capacity. They're far from efficient at this point. And that's growing. The economics, there's 2 components to the economics. One is the reimbursement and admittedly that changes slowly, but I would imagine that there would be changes to improve that over time. But more importantly is the cost side of this. And the cost side, this is driven by things like length of stay, like the actual procedure intensity itself, its complications. All those are improving, which should improve the economics. So we think there's a number of factors that improve over time. They are more difficult in the short term than they are in the long term.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the surgical valve business. Could you just maybe give us what the underlying rate of growth was there in the U.S., as well as outside the U.S.?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Let me take a look. So the U.S. underlying rate of growth was, I think, in the low to mid-single digits, so sort of in the 3 to 5 range as a growth rate. Negative. I don't know if I said that, but that's what I wanted to make sure that you were clear. Sorry about that.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So U.S. surgical valve business was down low to mid-single digits?
Michael A. Mussallem: That's correct.
Kristen M. Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And is that because of selling days or you think just the overall market was softer or competition...
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. There was a one less sales day, which is worth about a minus 2. So a component of that was sales days, Kristen. But the market wasn't particularly robust either in our view. We don't feel like we took a share hit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with JPMorgan.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: First question, just a couple of cleanups here. So our math just based on the numbers you gave suggest that the number of centers in the U.S. that were put -- had shifted to consignment this quarter was actually less than the number that shifted in the fourth quarter. Do you have that in front of you? Is that right?
Michael A. Mussallem: Boy, I don't know that. I can tell you, Michael, that right now I think there's about half of the centers that are somewhere going through the consignment process. But I wouldn't be able to put my finger on it because this consignment number, once somebody starts on consignment, each valve they use moves to consignment, so it gets to be variable. It's not easy to do, to back out the accounting. It's one unit at a time.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. The surgical valve commentary, the conversation you just had with Kristen. What about the view or the thesis, Mike, that the launch of TA and the focus of surgeons in the U.S. now in TA is taking them away from doing surgical valve cases and that you're seeing more cannibalization, at least early on, than what we saw in Europe?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, it's possible that that's the case. There's also some theory out there that there's an awful lot of valve trials going on in the U.S. at this point, as well, that could be tapping off some volume. So those could be factors that are influencing the surgical valve growth. Again, our pricing is solid. We don't feel like we're losing share. It's just not generating much growth right now.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. 2 other quick once. So one question I got from a lot of people between the press release and the call was, why didn't the company preannounce given the shortfall here on the top and bottom line and the change to guidance? Why did you guys sit on this until tonight?
Michael A. Mussallem: We feel like this was sort of within our -- within the norms of reporting the way we do right now, Mike. So we didn't feel like there was any need to preannounce.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then last one. Given the quarter, given your lowered growth outlook for the year, given the obviously increased questions here from the Street, has your view on acquisitions changed at all, Mike, and your appetite for doing anything that might be a larger deal?
Michael A. Mussallem: No, we're long-run guys, Mike. So when we think about acquisitions, we think about how we create long-term value. We think about what kind of things that suit Edwards. We have a very focused strategy around structural heart disease and critical care technologies. And so any acquisitions we think about are those that would provide growth particularly in those areas, where we're leaders. And so our philosophy, overall, has not changed.
Michael N. Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: But no bigger deals?
Michael A. Mussallem: We don't particularly -- our history, Mike, is to look at technology deals. We always consider a full range of options, but I can't tell you that there's really been any change in our view.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mike, in your prepared comments you were talking a little bit about European competition impacting o U.S. TAVI. Could you flesh that out a little bit more? To what extent does it impact numbers? And how is it playing through in terms of pricing in the European market?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Yes, I would say for the first time we felt that competitors in the non-transfemoral competitor -- the non-transfemoral segment took some share. We estimate that maybe about 10% -- it's maybe 10% of that alternate access position, overall. So that's what it would look like. That's probably something in the order of maybe 150 units in the quarter, the bulk of those all in Germany.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And secondly, I know you talked about 20 or so sites that have postponed procedures. I'm wondering in the U.S. market, is there any dynamic of centers who were trained and performing the procedures that have decided that transapical -- I'm sorry, that TAVI is just no longer a procedure they want to offer because of economics or any other reason?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I'm not aware of anybody that has walked away and stopped doing TAVI based on economics. You asked the question earlier, too, about pricing in Europe. If I hadn't mentioned it earlier, it's continued on a similar trend what we've seen in the past, about 3% year-over-year decline principally driven by the volume discounts that we give in large centers.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just, Mike, the question I asked, the second question in terms of centers walking away, I meant for economics or any other reason. And I think you just answered it strictly on economics.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, no, I didn't mean to say that I'm aware of any centers that have walked away from TAVI, that I'm aware of.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brooks West with Piper Jaffray.
Misha Dinerman: This is actually Misha Dinerman for Brooks West. Mike, in your opening comments you noted that TA backlog has been addressed, but it sounds like the TA sites are still postponed. So I was wondering if you could comment on that a little bit.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I guess what I was trying to refer to is in advance of the approval of Cohort A, we believe that sites were, more or less, sort of saving up their patients that didn't have good femoral access for a transapical approach. Given that we got that approval in late October of last year, we don't think those patients are still around. We think those patients have been treated. This is not the kind of disease that here we are almost 6 months later, that they would still be there. So the TA cases have gone very well. They've had a high procedural success rate. We actually wonder here whether some of the cases that'd previously be done transfemorally were maybe borderline transfemoral cases, now that there's a TA approach, actually are being done by TA.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a quick question for you. Did you -- if I missed it, forgive me. But did you give the breakout in revenues for TF versus TA in the quarter? I think you did last quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think, I mentioned that in the U.S. -- in Europe, I think our mix has been running around 70% TF, 30% TAA (sic) [TA]. So I think the market might be slightly richer than that, but that's our mix at this point. What I said was that we had much more growth on the TF side and actually some decline on the TA side.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And on the sales and marketing side, as you think about the progression through the year and you gave us some guidance on the percentages, but what would it take for you to think about those spending levels differently as you go through the year, say you had another disappointing quarter on trans basis like this in the second quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, we try and discipline our sales and marketing expenses. You saw even our expenses this quarter a little lower probably because of some of the incentive comp that goes along in follow sales. But our focus is on really driving the growth. We think there's a lot of unmet need out there and we try and really line up our resources to be focused on that. And then those that aren't focused on driving growth, we try and be very thoughtful and judicious about how we apply that. So the estimates that Tom offered of an SG&A rate of around 37% for the remainder of the year, we think is a pretty reasonable way to think about us in 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with Credit Suisse.
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Mike and Tom, it looks like based on that $350 million to $400 million guidance and about 30-ish in clinical and 0 in net stocking, it's working out to like $320 million to $370 million in guidance for U.S. commercial sales. First, simple question, is that the right way to be thinking about it? And then given the fact that it's probably going to take time to recruit the unreferred prevalence pool of patients, should we be thinking that 2014 PARTNER I opportunity is somewhere between $400 million and $500 million?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, let me take a shot at your first question. In terms of what we're guiding to, that was everything that included clinical and net stocking. We don't know how net stocking is actually going to work out. It's not going to be a big number one way or another. And so the difference probably between our estimate and what you're trying to calculate are the clinical sales. And if you just took the clinical sales this quarter and took them times 4, it probably wouldn't be a bad estimate to use for how it might turn out for the year. I'm sure it's not perfect, but it's not a bad estimate. Does that answer that part of the question?
Bruce M. Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And the second question really was, given the work you're going to have to do to draw out the unreferred prevalence pool, should we be thinking about the 2014-ish market potential for PARTNER I in the $400 million to $500 million range if, in fact, this year's commercial sales are somewhere between $320 million and $370 million?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. We're not ready to forecast 2014, Bruce. The things that are going on right now in addition to the work that I mentioned earlier that we're doing with the societies and so forth, there's also work going on with each individual site. And those sites are probably the most powerful generators of improving their capacity, improving their economics and working on their referral networks. And so I expect there to be progress on all those fronts, but it's too early for us to offer 2014 guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Spencer Nam with Janney.
Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask you just a couple of quick questions on the center behaviors and then kind of how you guys looked at the outlook. First of all, you guys talked about 200 centers signed up as of last December and then another 200 joining the program by end of next year, 2014. With this sort of the recent activities, do you now have a different view on that, or how do you guys think about some ramp up here with the program?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. No, we don't have a different view of that. As I mentioned at the end of this quarter, we're just over 225, so we're tracking just on that rate. But this is the one that as we get more visibility, we'll let you know, but that estimate is our current reasonable estimate.
Spencer Nam - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of once the centers get trained and signed up, for example, what sort of ramp-up period do they have in terms of doing cases? It seems like the time it takes for a center from a consignment stance to fully functional, if you will, is taking a little longer than we had previously expected, is that fair?
Michael A. Mussallem: It's tough to generalize, Spencer. As you know, when they come to training, they bring some cases with them and then generally they get proctored immediately thereafter. So usually something in the neighborhood of 5 cases usually happen in pretty short order after their training. And then generally because they place stocking orders, they have a certain level of commitment to continue. But it's highly variable for a whole host of reasons, so I'm not sure that I can provide much help on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Swann.
Danielle Antalffy - Leerink Swann LLC, Research Division: Mike, I was hoping you could follow-up on a comment you made about reimbursement and potential improvements there and help us understand what that could mean -- what improvements you're talking about and then when we could see that, number one. And then number two, I was hoping you could comment on the potential penetration into the moderate-risk patient population, particularly after the GARY data we saw in APC and how, if at all, that changes your view of potentially penetrating that patient population?
Michael A. Mussallem: Sure. Yes, I think that there's a couple of kinds of reimbursements. There's physician reimbursement and that would get -- that's going to get readdressed. That'll be -- that happens routinely, pretty much happens on an annual basis and so that will get dressed. In terms of the overall DRG system, that that's to be slower moving. It takes some time. I think generally people think it takes a couple of years here before CMS reassesses a DRG. But over time, they try and reassess. And then so these things aren't frozen in time was my inference. In terms of the GARY registry and whether it had impact, we really have not seen any negative impact. I think one of the things that I mentioned is actually Germany itself is one of our fastest growing countries in Europe. It doesn't change our view of how attractive this is going to be for patients. If you look at the -- that have -- patients that are current surgical patients, if you look at the 3-year ACC data, which we think is far more important data than the GARY data, we found that comparing the SAPIEN valve to surgery was looking quite attractive. They were equivalent and it becomes a very interesting option for these high-risk patients. So we think that PARTNER II, which is going to get into it in a bigger way, is going to demonstrate that even greater. The early look that you had in PARTNER IIB highlights the benefits of XP and the lower profile and the improved vascular complication. So we think this just gets better for these moderate-risk patients.
Operator: We have time for one final question today. And it comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Mike, just one question; one financially related for Tom. I guess, Mike, the question I keep on getting during the call was going on is some of the dynamics you're talking about on the short term, you don't get materially better in the next 6 to 12 months, but you're also very confident that the total opportunity for SAPIEN remains sort of unchanged. So is a fair way of thinking about this is it's the same total market opportunity, but maybe you get to that level of penetration or that opportunity 6 months, 12 months or 2 years later than you would have thought?
Michael A. Mussallem: I was going to give Tom a chance to answer a question here so...
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I've got a second one for Tom.
Michael A. Mussallem: He hasn't been very popular.
Thomas M. Abate: No, he had the second part was me.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Now to the first one, yes, that may well be the case. I mean, I hesitate to change a view of a market after one more quarter. As we see things sort of unveil itself, David, we'll have a sharper view of what we think this looks like in the long term. But the premise that you lay out there, that it may take a little longer to get these patients, that's one explanation, that might be it. It's just too soon for us to have a clear view and we'll certainly sharpen that up over time.
David R. Lewis - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, Tom, I promised to give you a financial question here. If we think about the guidance, specifically on earnings, the call focus more on revenue, if I adjust for the top line, really THV sales, work it down at a high contribution, the earnings reduction kind of makes sense to me. But I guess what made less sense was it looks like the way you're approaching the sales and spending this year is relatively similar adjusted for that revenue. And given Mike's commentary on seeing less traction at smaller centers, I guess I was surprised that you're seeing that relative contribution to earnings. And I'm wondering, has there been any change to sales and your spending expectations for '13 based on what you're seeing in the marketplace? And if this were to continue into next quarter, do you think then we'd start to see a change in how you're thinking about sales spending in the U.S.?
Thomas M. Abate: No, it's a good question. We looked at expenses and we looked hard, but what we tried to do very much is to make sure that everything and anything that was directed at sales growth was preserved. So we've done some things. You also have to remember that when we do something like this to top and bottom line, we're talking sales growth adjustment and EPS adjustment, there's adjustments to the incentive programs inside the company. So there's a piece of that, that might be misleading you when you're looking at ratios and so forth. So some of it's that. Now we're convinced that this is all the growth opportunity we've ever had and it's just -- we might have to work a little harder, so spending is probably not the place we would go short term.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone. We appreciate your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call, which include underlying growth rates, sales results, excluding currency impact and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and use pass code 411660. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson, you may begin. 
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our fourth quarter 2012 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A.
 Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales and sales growth, gross profit margin, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, taxes, free cash flow, diluted shares outstanding and foreign currency impacts. These statements also include our current expectations for the timing, status and expected outcomes of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions and approvals, reimbursement conditions, as well as expectations regarding the U.S. launch of SAPIEN, other new product introductions and our pipeline.
 These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release; our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011; and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, excluding special items, and adjusted for special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release. 
 Now, I will turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike? 
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, David. Our fourth quarter capped the year of significant progress as we introduced our innovative SAPIEN technology to the U.S. We're very proud that more than 5,000 patients in the U.S. have been treated with our transcatheter valve since launch, and we're aggressively investing to expand the availability of this important therapy. In spite of a difficult economic environment, underlying sales were up 16% in 2012 driven by a strong finish in each of our product lines. During the year, we continue to invest in new technologies to treat even more patients in the future. The significant increase in R&D investments in 2012 helped fuel important progress in our transcatheter and surgical valve therapy programs, as well as our Critical Care technologies.
 In the fourth quarter, we also adjusted for a couple of special items. Tom will explain our treatment of the R&D tax credit during his comments. Separately, I wanted to mention the realignment charge. We think that one of the keys to remaining an innovative company is to constantly adapt. From time to time, we reallocate our resources to better align with our strategy, which helps minimize the need for larger corrections in the future.
 Now, turning to the quarterly results. Reported sales grew 19% to $511 million. Sales growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange was 21%. Total U.S. sales grew 46%, and represent a growing proportion of our total sales.
 In transcatheter heart valves, fourth quarter sales of $161 million grew 77% excluding the impact of foreign exchange, driven by the ongoing U.S. launch of SAPIEN. In the U.S. THV sales were $81 million for the quarter, which included clinical sales of $7 million and net stocking sales of $16 million. As a reminder, the net stocking figure also includes the offsetting impact of qualified hospitals transitioning to consignment status.  
 Transapical systems comprise nearly 45% of U.S. THV sales.  Quarterly THV sales grew 46% sequentially driven primarily by the October approval of Cohort A. At the end of 2012, 150 sites were trained on the transapical approach, which reflects the high level of interest among Heart teams to offer this important alternate delivery approach to the large number of patients who can't be treated with our current transfemoral device. We believe a significant number of the TA patients who are on the sidelines were treated during this quarter. Clinicians continue to maintain a very high procedural success rate during the introduction of the TA system.
 Today, more than 200 sites commercially offer SAPIEN, and we expect to train an additional 200 new sites over the next 2 years. As we train centers, we continue to require a stocking order, yet at the same time, we expect the impact of consignment to grow in existing centers. As a result, in 2013, we anticipate the impact to reported sales from net stocking to trend from positive to a negative.  In 2014, we expect reported sales to begin tracking procedures performed.
 Outside the U.S., THV sales grew 6% or 10% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. In Europe, we believe the market grew approximately 10%. We continue to -- we estimate our share position increased slightly, while the implementation of volume discounts and country mix resulted in an overall lower ASP. Growth was strongest again in Germany, while ongoing austerity measures resulted in negative growth in Southern Europe.
 Transfemoral units outside the U.S. grew by more than 35% while non-transfemoral units declined again this quarter, driven by Heart teams who continue to employ a transfemoral-first approach. We estimate that competitive transapical products continue to be of minimal impact in the quarter.
 Turning to our U.S. PARTNER II clinical study, which is evaluating our SAPIEN XT technology, we're continuing to enroll patients in Cohort A, the surgical arm, and we continue to expect to complete enrollment by midyear. Early next month, 1 year data from PARTNER II Cohort B as well as 3-year PARTNER Cohort A data are scheduled to be presented as latebreaking clinical trials at ACC. We're continuing to work toward a midyear PMA submission for PARTNER II Cohort B, which we anticipate leads to an approval of SAPIEN XT in the U.S. next year.
 We're pleased to have begun enrollment in January for the CE mark trial of our pioneering SAPIEN 3 valve, which is delivered through a 14-French eSheath and designed to reduce paravalvular leak. This keeps us on track to receive a CE Mark and launch this product in Europe by year-end.
 Later this year in Europe, we expect to complete enrollment for both our novel self-expanding CENTERA valve trial and our PROTAVI study, which is evaluating the causes of stroke and our umbrella device. In Japan, we continue to expect to receive both regulatory approval and reimbursement for our SAPIEN XT valve by year-end, which positions us to have the first commercially available transcatheter valve in that country.
 In summary, we're pleased with the progress of the U.S. launch, which drove total THV sales of $552 million for 2012. We continue to expect underlying transcatheter heart valve sales to grow 30% to 45% in 2013. This would result in global sales of $710 million to $790 million, which includes $390 million to $440 million of sales in the U.S.
 Turning to the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy Product group, sales for the quarter were $198 million, which included $29 million from Cardiac Surgery Systems. Surgical heart valve's grew 3% over last year or 5%, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. In the U.S. sales grew 2.5% this quarter. Growth outside the U.S. was up 7% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Highlighted by the strong adoption of Magna Mitral Ease valve in Japan and the double-digit sales growth in emerging markets. 
 In November, we received approval and launched our mitral pericardial valve in China. Our pricing was stable in each region although our global ASP declined slightly due to the faster growth in emerging markets. We continue to make progress on our key milestones with INTUITY. In the U.S, our TRANSFORM Trial remains on schedule. Enrollment is complete in CADENCE MIS in Germany and our other INTUITY trials in Europe are progressing.
 Early this year, we began enrollment in our U.S. IDE trial called COMMENCE, using our GLX tissue platform on our Magna Ease aortic surgical valve. Later in the fourth quarter, we received additional clearance to include our Magna Mitral Ease valve in this study. 
 In Cardiac Surgery Systems, sales for the quarter were $29 million, up 7% on a reported basis or 8% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. These results were due primarily to the growth of MIS products, which include the launch of our ProPlege retrograde cardioplegia device. 
 In 2013, we continue to expect underlying sales growth in the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group to be 4% to 6%.  We expect our sales growth to ramp up during the year, driven primarily by the commercialization of INTUITY, the diminishing impact of competitive products in the U.S. and new MIS launches.
 Turning to the Critical Care product group, total sales for the quarter were $152 million, which included $14 million from vascular products. Within this product group, Critical Care sales were $138 million for the quarter, growing 4% or 6% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Growth was driven primarily by our advanced monitoring products in Japan and the U.S.
 We're pleased to report that our integration of BMEYE is going smoothly and the incorporation of its noninvasive monitoring technology into our EV1000 platform is on track. While this technology has long term potential, sales were negligible in the fourth quarter and will remain moderate until 2014 when we introduce the integrated platform.
 We are pleased to announce that our GlucoClear system has a CE mark. While we don't expect significant sales this year, we expect 2013 to be a pivotal year as we complete additional accuracy studies in Europe and obtain greater clarity on the pathway toward U.S. approval. We remain enthusiastic about the significant breakout opportunity represented by this technology.
 Total reported vascular sales, which are comprised primarily of our Fogarty products, were $14 million this quarter, up slightly from the prior year. For 2013, we continue to expect full year underlying sales growth in Critical Care product group of 4% to 6%, driven primarily by continued growth in our advanced monitoring products. 
 And now I'll turn the call over to Tom. 
Thomas Abate: Thank you, Mike. Before I get into the financial results, I would like to explain how we accounted for the retroactive portion of the federal R&D tax credit that was passed in January. For comparison purposes, we reflected the benefit in the fourth quarter 2012. Specifically in our non-GAAP results for the quarter, we included an $8.4 million tax benefit equaling $0.07 per share, which represents the full-year 2012 credit.
 As required, we will record the benefit in our first quarter 2013 GAAP results, but we'll exclude it from non-GAAP results. This, combined with the $9 million realignment charge that Mike mentioned, reduced the GAAP earnings per share by $0.13.
 Turning to our results, while we fell short of our original goals for the year, we still achieved 16% underlying sales growth and recorded strong bottom line growth even as we increased our R&D investment to 18%. For the quarter, we achieved diluted EPS of $0.77 and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.90, a 45% growth rate over last year.
 For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 75.4% compared to 72.2% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven primarily by a more profitable product mix and a favorable impact from foreign exchange. For 2013, we expect our gross profit margin to benefit from a more favorable product mix. However, at today's exchange rates, we do not expect the FX lift we experienced in the second half of 2012.
 We continue to expect full-year gross profit, excluding special items, to be between 74% and 76%.
 Fourth quarter SG&A expenses of $178 million or 35% of sales benefited from disciplined spending and lower sales-related incentive expenses. Fourth quarter expenses increased $14 million over the prior-year driven primarily by U.S. transcatheter launch-related investments. We continue to expect SG&A expenses to be between 36% and 37% of sales for the full year 2013, including the impact of the medical device tax.
 R&D investments in the quarter grew 23% to $75 million or 15% of sales. This increase was the result of additional investments in clinical studies and new product development efforts in all of our product lines. For the full year 2013, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 14% and 16%.
 Our reported tax rate for the fourth quarter was 25.5%. Adjusting for the global realignment charge and the benefit from the R&D tax credit renewal, our rate was 19%. Excluding the benefit of the R&D, 2012 R&D credit, we continue to expect our 2013 tax rate to be between 23% and 24%.
 FX rates negatively impacted fourth quarter sales by approximately $9 million compared to the prior year. Compared to our recent guidance, FX did not have a material impact on the quarter's earnings. Looking forward, at current rates, we now expect a $20 million negative impact to 2013 full-year sales when compared to 2012 rates.
 Free cash flow generated during the fourth quarter was $71 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $127 million, less capital spending of $56 million. This resulted in full year free cash flow of $253 million, which is our strongest performance to date.
 During the quarter, we spent approximately $187 million on share repurchases. For the full year, we repurchased approximately 4 million shares for $353 million. For modeling purposes, we now project diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 117 million in 2013.
 Turning to our balance sheet, we had total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $521 million, and total debt of $189 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 58 days, a reduction of 6 days from the prior quarter, driven primarily from improvements in Europe. Inventory turns were 1.8.
 Turning to our 2013 sales guidance. Our product line sales guidance remains unchanged from our December Investor Conference. For Surgical Heart Valve Therapy, we expect sales to be between $800 million and $840 million. In transcatheter heart valves, we expect sales to be between $710 million and $790 million. In Critical Care, we expect sales of $560 million to $600 million. We continue to expect full-year sales of $2.1 billion to $2.2 billion excluding special items. We also remain comfortable with our previously stated guidance of free cash flow between $300 million and $340 million, and earnings per diluted share of $3.21 to $3.31.
 For the first quarter 2013, we project total sales of $505 million to $530 million, and expect first quarter diluted EPS, excluding the $0.07 benefit from the 2012 R&D tax credit and other special items to be $0.74 to $0.78. 
 And with that, I'll hand it back to Mike. 
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. We expect another exciting year for Edwards Lifesciences with continued strong sales growth, greater operating leverage and progress on a number of important clinical milestones. We also plan to continue investing substantially in the development of transcatheter valves and other structural heart disease therapies, as well as in Critical Care technologies. We believe our patient-focused innovation strategy, global presence and strong financial footing uniquely positions us for a sustainable competitive advantage. 
 With that, I'll turn it back over to David. 
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready for questions, please. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Let me start with a question on the U.S. launch. $16 million in stocking in Q4. Mike, in the last call, you said you expected a few million dollars in stocking. So am I thinking about this right? If you had come in, and stocked just a few million dollars, you would have fallen below the 2 30 to 2 40 in your U.S. SAPIEN guidance? Is that fair or am I doing the math right? And maybe you can talk a little bit about the difference in the stocking versus your expectations? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, the stocking clearly was more than we expected, Larry, and I think we thought it was going to be a lower number. And so, yes, you're right. There is a real impact here that the $16 million of stocking lifted us. But I think you need to look at a little bit of a broader picture here. We -- there was such a rush for trans -- to be trained on transapical that we trained an awful lot of accounts more than we expected to train in the quarter. And with that came the stocking orders. At the same time, there was a pretty tremendous queue of transapical patients that have been collected by hospitals. And these are patients that could not have been treated with the transfemoral system. And in particular here with the SAPIEN valve and its large delivery profile it probably exasperated that number. And so what we believe happened here is kind of a triaging effect, where there was a real rush to be able to treat these transapical patients and part of that drove more training, more transapical training, than we anticipated. And probably held down some of the transfemoral numbers in the quarter. We heard, at least anecdotally, that a number of our talents, for example, only have 1 day a week that were dedicated to the TAVR procedure. And so those -- for the fourth quarter, in many cases, were exclusively transapical procedures. Hopefully that helps. 
Larry Biegelsen: That helps. And let me use my second question on PARTNER II B at ACC. Maybe if you can talk about your expectations a little bit based on maybe some of the registry data we've seen from Europe. Will we see any of the nested registries also at ACC? And just lastly, do you expect a panel for XT? 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Let me see if I can get them. Well, first of all, Larry, in terms of what we expect to see out of ACC, we really don't have any insight to share on that one. You know how we feel about the SAPIEN XT valve. We think it's -- that, that's very good therapy. But no real heads-up here in terms of what they expect to see out of that trial. Your second question, Larry, I just want to make sure... 
Larry Biegelsen: Those nested registries, Mike, in the -- any nested registries? And just lastly... 
Michael Mussallem: No, I don't expect to have anything published on the nested registry -- anything is possible, Larry, but I'm not expecting that. And finally, you asked about whether we thought there would be a panel on PARTNER II... 
Larry Biegelsen: XT. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, on XT? Yes, we think it's probably unlikely. When we gave you estimates on what to expect, we said that we would have a submission of the PARTNER II Cohort B by midyear and there would be about a 365-day review process. Again, that's just an estimate on our part. That would be our estimate of how this thing would go and it anticipates that there -- it's unlikely there's a panel. But FDA really hasn't weighed in on that, so we don't know. We would say, it'd be very likely that there would be a panel on PARTNER II A since that's a different group of patients. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with Crdit Suisse. 
Bruce Nudell: Mike, next year, your guidance is, in the U.S., is $390 million to $440 million. And if I heard you right, it sounds like it's going to be kind of a clean number, devoid of stocking and probably not heavily influenced by clinical trials. In your minds eye, where do you think that -- what do you think that would represent in terms of penetration of the PARTNER I opportunity, at least in the shorter-term before you could maybe recruit people who are not referred today? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bruce. Well, probably 2 very different points here. One is that in the $390 million to $440 million, those are reported results and so we would indeed see a little bit of lift from clinical units, particularly in the first half of the year while we're still finishing up PARTNER II, and then, actually, stocking is going to go from being a little lift in the first half to being a drag in the back half. And it's probably actually a drag on reported sales for the year in total. At least that's the way we've modeled it. We never know exactly how this is going to turn out. And so that's what's in the number. In terms of how deeply will we penetrate, we think there's an awful lot of patients out there, Bruce, that are not treated. Whatever kind of results we would have in 2013, we think doesn't come close to even getting after the potential population. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. 
Glenn Novarro: Two questions. First, as you think about the first quarter for 2013, U.S. SAPIEN sales, do we get another $14 million or $16 million in stocking or will that trend a little bit lower? And then how should we be thinking about the overall U.S. SAPIEN sales for the first quarter? Should we be thinking $90 million to $100 million? And then I have a follow-up. 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, first of all, it probably wouldn't be surprising to see clinical sales be similar but probably stocking is going to be a little bit less. We'll still have stocking but -- and it'll be certainly helpful. It'll be the biggest positive of the year will come in the first quarter. I'm not sure that we have a first quarter estimate. 
Thomas Abate: I would put it in the range of, say, 10 to 15, less than we saw in Q4. But that's not as solid to be able to predict that. 
Glenn Novarro: And then the other reason I was talking about a bigger 1Q number, it just seems like 1Q and 2Q will be a little bit stronger than the back end of the year, because you got all that stocking lift, or is the back end going to be significantly stronger as we get a hell of a lot more commercial sales? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. So clearly, during the year, the actual number of procedures, we expect to step up. And that will be -- that will be increasing throughout the year. It's this net stocking impact that we're trying to provide some guidance on. Net stocking is a lift in Q1, that will be the biggest lift of the year. Not so much in Q2. It's hard for us to estimate, but it may or may not be a lift. In the back half, we're pretty convinced that consignment is going to be bigger than stocking. It will actually pull down reported results even though procedures are going up. 
Glenn Novarro: Okay. That's actually great color. And then just -- one thing, one question on the EPS guidance, you just really had a strong fourth quarter here, where you beat consensus by $0.12, $0.13. Where is the spend going to be in 2013 that holds you back from raising EPS guidance? 
Thomas Abate: Well, you know, Glen, if you look at our history, Q4 is typically, on an EPS basis, our strongest quarter. So to take and draw parallels from there is a little bit -- you've got to be careful. We are going to continue to invest in the business in absolute dollars, that's for sure. And we also have the medical device tax. If you remember, one of the things that's going to step us up, I think I said, was about 90 basis points. So we'll probably have a percentage point or close to that. For that and we also have a Japan investment that we're putting in, that's probably another 50 to 60 basis points. So if you're looking particularly at SG&A, there's some of the comparisons. And we're also -- we were very disciplined on our spending in Q4. So I think that the quarter was strong, no doubt it was strong and obviously, the R&D tax credit was all loaded in that quarter. But if you peel it back, I think the guidance still makes a lot of sense and still shows nice growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan. 
Michael Weinstein: So just to follow-up on Glenn's question, and just to make sure we're clear. So, despite the 4Q upside, do you think that the range you gave 1.5 months ago at the Analyst Meeting is still the right range for 2013? 
Thomas Abate: Correct. 
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Maybe to clarify a couple of items just from your prepared remarks, how many centers did you end 2012 with in the U.S. in planning SAPIEN? 
Michael Mussallem: There was approximately 200 centers, Mike, and that includes the PARTNER centers. 
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And help us -- one of the challenges we've had on the modeling side is to think about the impact of these nested registries you had, which are obviously opening up some different patient populations that you can treat, otherwise. Can you just share with us your plans for additional registries in 2013, just so we can get some sense of some additional opportunity for the company? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I don't think that we have anything to report at this, Mike, in terms of additional nested registries. I mean, there may turn out to be other items that we'd study and we'll fill you in as those become apparent. But at this point, I would say, the nested registries we already have are probably pretty well enrolled. There are probably still a few patients enrolled in some of these, but they're mostly in -- and there's nothing. This is really up to FDA, if we would get additional nested registries. 
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Then last one. Mike, just any thoughts on just the pickup in the underlying surgical heart valve business? You sound like most of that was coming from emerging markets, but you did see some incremental strength in both the U.S. and Europe, relative to the prior few quarters. Any insights there? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, the U.S., indeed, did step up. Some of that just maybe that the market grew a little bit faster, some of it may be a diminishing impact from competition. We think those are probably the primary factors. Outside the U.S -- so we saw some particular strength -- well, both Japan was valuable and grew for us and also emerging markets were drivers. And so, overall, those were both a little stronger than they have been earlier in the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Roman of Goldman Sachs. 
David Roman: I wanted to just clarify something on the guidance ranges, Tom, and maybe you can just remind us on currency. Because there's actually quite a number of moving parts since you last reported. The Japanese yen has been on a tear, the euro has also strengthened a little bit. Can you just maybe remind us about how FX flows through your P&L and any considerations that we should have on the impact of currency movement since you last spoke to us? 
Thomas Abate: Sure, David. When we looked at it, interestingly enough, they tend to offset just maybe the way they were balanced between regions and businesses. I didn't see a significant change. Maybe 10 basis points overall for us on any line. So did not see that as a big factor. Obviously, sales are directly affected and what we have is we have our hedged contracts, which are designed to offset those movements and those are generally in cost of goods sold. The rest of it is expenses, operational expenses, that are in the foreign currencies, and we hope that a combination between the hedge and the natural hedges, the hedges we buy and the natural hedges, end up getting us covered to, say, approximately about 90% of the risk. 
David Roman: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe, Mike, strategically, you obviously brought back some stock this quarter, there is naturally some dislocation in October around the Q3 results. But maybe you could just help us think about what you're going to do with the cash balance as it continues to grow and maybe comment on how -- share repurchases, is this the type of thing we should think of that you'll do selectively as there are outside moves in the stock to the downside or is it something more consistent that we can expect going forward? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I think it's fair to say, David, that we're more aggressive purchasers of the stock when we think there are opportunities there. And so we do moderate our buying patterns based on price. Overall, we continue to like share repurchases only in the absence of where we see really good strategic investments. If we found something close to home in -- whether it's in structural heart disease or in Critical Care technologies that we thought will really spell growth for the company in the future, that would be our first call on cash. We don't have anything to talk about at this point. But in the absence of that we would selectively do share repurchase. 
David Roman: Okay. And then maybe lastly, back on the margin side. Tom, I know you talked about the impact of FX on the gross margin not having as pronounced an impact as it did in the second half of the year. But how should we think about the underlying change in the gross profit margin? Just sort of isolate the mix impact from transcatheter valves here, but it was a pretty big year-over-year improvement, but I assume that the second half of '11 was a little bit depressed due to FX. So if you just really got the drivers of the year-over-year change in gross margin, how would you help us distill an underlying gross profit move? 
Thomas Abate: Sure. It was clearly in year '11, we had a pretty negative impact from foreign exchange. So a good portion of the boost was what would happen at '11. And as a full year, David, probably the best way to think of it is, we said, it still remained to be the case as we said back in Investor Conference, probably the full-year rate of 74.4%,has maybe 50, 60 basis points of help. So the underlying rate, I'd put it just under 74%. And our guidance for next year, being 74% to 76% implies, we'll probably get 100 to 120 product mix is the way it looks right now. And the vast majority of that would come from the growth of transcatheter. Just [indiscernible]. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart of Deutsche Bank. 
Kristen Stewart: Mike, I was wondering if you could just maybe shed a little bit more details on the global realignment, what exactly you're doing differently in light of the environment. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Kristen. What we routinely do is take a look at our portfolio. We take a look at the products that we're selling. We take a look at where we're making the products and so forth. And where the growth is going to be in the future. And when we make our additions, whether they're in R&D or SG&A, we really try to move resources to where the opportunities are. And in many cases, that means we move it away from other opportunities. And so, particularly in this case, our biggest expense item is obviously employees. So we had just under 100 employees that, actually, we didn't have jobs for going forward. We tried to handle them with a great deal of respect. And they moved out of the company and that's what drove the charge that you saw this quarter. We're fortunate still to be a growing company. I think we added in that same quarter probably more than 200 jobs for a net increase of more than 100 jobs because of the opportunities that Edwards have, but that was the nature of the realignment. 
Kristen Stewart: Which businesses were those employees coming from? 
Michael Mussallem: It was a mixture of some of our core businesses, both Critical Care and Surgical Heart Valves. 
Kristen Stewart: Okay. And can you just comment maybe on the environment in Europe, I know with transcatheter valve you talked about pricing being a little bit under pressure, I think you mentioned volume discounts? But maybe if you could just shed a little bit more light on that and just how you feel about pricing going forward in 2013 now that we have a couple of new competitors on the market. 
Michael Mussallem: Sure. Yes, we're fortunate that we're a market leader and so we try not to have our pricing driven by some new competitor and we've got a very strong market position. So we're quite disciplined on that. Having said that, for our big customers that achieved substantial volumes, we give them discounts. And also, we find in some cases that we have more growth in countries that have more attractive pricing. The combination of that probably had a 2% to 3% impact year-over-year in 2012 versus 2011. 
Kristen Stewart: And just kind of what are your expectations for growth next year, or I guess, 2013, are you still anticipating kind of high single-digit or 10% growth in Europe? 
Michael Mussallem: In Europe, yes. We feel pretty much the same as we spoke about it at the Investor Conference, Kristen, which is we think the market may grow around 10% for the year, and we think we might grow some maybe at 1/2 that rate because of that new competition that's coming. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies. 
Raj Denhoy: I'm just wondering if I could follow-up a little bit on that last question. In your remarks, I think you commented that you're still not seeing much in terms of impact from competition in Europe, but I think you also noted that your TA business was down in Europe. So I guess I'm curious what gives you confidence at this point that it's not competition that's impacting that business. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question. Our competition tends to be pretty concentrated in, I think primarily in Germany. We saw a tremendous growth in our transfemoral business, actually about 35% growth in transfemoral on a year-over-year basis. And so net-net, we feel pretty good about actually what's going on from an overall share perspective. We -- just because we're out there and we're in these accounts, we think we have a pretty good handle on what the competition is introducing and our sense is they're just not very big numbers. 
Thomas Abate: Primarily, transfemoral-first, then we hear more of that. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, the bigger impact that we really hear with the phenomena that's happening out there is there's more of a transfemoral-first approach is what's causing the transfemoral numbers to go up and transapical to go down. 
Raj Denhoy: Okay. And maybe just one follow-up. The TA training number in the U.S. I think you noted that there was 150 centers that were TA trained. I think you've commented in the past that there was a stocking requirement of 8 valves for every center that got trained on the TA approach and understanding there were some of those that were PARTNER sites, it would still suggest a stocking number that would be even above the number you guys did in the quarter. And so I'm just -- I understand also there's some consignment offsetting that. But was there some mistake in that calculation in terms of what the requirements were for TA trained sites? 
Michael Mussallem: No, Raj. You're circling around it pretty well. The bulk of that $16 million of stocking was really probably net that resulted in transapical. And you're right, transapical probably got pulled down little bit by some consignment and the transfemoral in the quarter, although it got a lift from stocking, also we had the beginning of some significant movement to consignment as well. So the bulk of that $16 million is really transapical stocking. But as you correctly point out, consignment does detract from that. 
Thomas Abate: But Raj, if you're working with the math, you also have to remember, one of the things we said is that some of the larger centers came in for TA that if they were close to earning consignment that we probably would -- we would not go through with the second stocking order that they would go straight into consignment. So it's smaller than you would think. If you try to match that up to the number of centers, it's quite a bit less. And that's a big piece of the story. There's quite a few of those guys that came in first. We did not book a stocking order. 
Raj Denhoy: Okay. And then it all sounds like with the 200 centers in total at the end of the year that perhaps the training rate on new centers may have slowed a little bit as you started training more TA centers? 
Michael Mussallem: Well, yes, as you can imagine, Raj, training the number of TA centers really consumed tremendous amount of capacity. We were some very busy folks during the fourth quarter training people in the transapical approach. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy with Leerink Swann. 
Danielle Antalffy: I was hoping that maybe you could give some more color on TA versus TF in the U.S. in the quarter. Just -- you mentioned in response to a question earlier that the high level of TA activity could have pressured TF. I'm just wondering if you could give us some direction there and maybe quantify that a little bit. Now I assume you feel like you've worked through the bolus now and we've returned to sort of normal activity going forward from here on out. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, good question, Danielle. Yes. What we said is from a pure sales perspective, about 45% of what was sold in the U.S. in the quarter was transapical. Because there was quite a bit of stocking, actually that number was probably from a procedure point of view, that probably accounted for more like 25% to 30% of the actual procedures may have been transapical. And although we don't have accurate data on how much of the bolus we worked off, we believe that a large part of the bolus probably was worked off during the quarter. But again, this is  one of these determinations that's made by the Heart team and so there's other factors involved, often it's the strength of the surgical program or the Cardiology program that will drive it one way or the other. 
Danielle Antalffy: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up on that. Are you seeing, especially at the higher volume centers, are you seeing any change in activity on their end or in the infrastructure, I guess I should say, on their end adding -- the docs at your Analyst meeting mentioned they were working to hire more surgeons. What are you seeing out there as far as that goes, to sort of handle the higher volume of patients now that you have TA approved and [indiscernible] 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's a good question, Danielle. We hear anecdotally that there is some movement in the large centers to add a second team, for example. But it's difficult for us to generalize. I think, broadly, we'd say the increases that we're seeing right now are coming from new centers as opposed to additions in the existing big centers. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Cannacord Genuity. 
David Roman: Back to TAVI in the U.S. Real quick, just trying to calibrate our models entering 2013 here a little bit better. And I apologize if I just haven't got it yet. But if you sort of equalize for your comments on stocking both in the fourth quarter and your thoughts for the first half of the year. It looks like from a procedural standpoint, there needs to be an uptick in growth sequentially. That's fairly meaningful, 30%, 40%. Assuming, let's say, a linear sales figure to the midpoint of your U.S. guidance for the year, because you've got the drag on -- with stocking in the second half. If we just sort of arbitrarily assume a linear amount of $100 million or $110 million, you kind of get to that number. So it assumes a fairly significant ramp in procedural volume, actually, implant rates Q4 to Q1. Can you help us out, sort of quantitatively, as to whether or not I'm in the right ballpark there in terms of what we need to see? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, we do expect it to be a ramp, Jason, that's for sure. We expect to see a little of our seasonality, of course, in the third quarter but overall, a ramp throughout the year. I'm not sure I've run specific numbers on sequential quarter-over-quarters but there must be more of a doubling of procedures from 2012 to 2013. There's just a lot more procedures in the year as this launch progresses. 
Jason Mills: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly for me, you saw it a little bit in Europe when TAVI was launched in the subsequent couple of years with respect to the Halo effect on your surgical valve platform. In this quarter, that part of your business was just a tad bit better than what we expected. Are we starting to see a similar Halo effect as we see higher number of severe symptomatic aortic valve patients entering the queue, some of whom, unfortunately, not TAVI candidates ending up on the table with a cardiac surgeon, are you starting to see the benefit of that early? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, we look for that, Jason. We can't say at this point that we've really seen the uptick in the surgical business as a result of transfemoral. Part of the theory that we have is this is more likely to track really the advent of transapical cases. And that, as you know, just started here late in October. And so as that starts to become part of their practice, we think it's more likely to see this kind of Halo show up, and we'll be looking closely for it and be glad to share that with you. 
Jason Mills: Lastly, real quick, transaortic. Anecdotally, the TA number was strong even from a procedure standpoint. Do you have any evidence that transaortic is catching on here in the U.S.? And then what's the update on evident -- reimbursement for evidence development there? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Clearly, there's interest in transaortic. And we're seeing it across Europe as well, and certainly in the U.S. Right now, the NCD does not provide for the reimbursement of a transaortic delivery and, so, that probably has a very real impact on how often it's done. We actually thought that this special protocol that would be approved by CMS would be done at this point. It's still not quite done. It's at the final throes. I think the societies that are actually running these registries decided to take it through FDA first and to have an approved protocol and an approved ID, and they pretty much cleared that hurdle. And so now we think there's just the final hurdle to get through CMS. So that should be around the corner for us. And at that time, we'll get a better handle on TAL. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citigroup. 
Adam Darity: This is actually Adam in for Amit. I don't want to go back Europe TAVI for a question. I just -- talk about the reimbursement landscape there and any significant changes you've seen in the quarter, expectations of new reimbursements to come online in the first quarter? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, not a substantial change in reimbursement during the quarter. We did see probably a little uptick in France in terms of the number of centers, but no real -- no real change, for example, we've been anticipating some improvements in the U.K. No real changes yet. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Wise with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Miroslava Minkova: It's actually Miroslava for Rick today.  If I could go back to the U.S. volumes, it sounds like you're anticipating quite a dramatic uptick in 2013. But TA volumes, if the bolus is already done, those should be leveling off. Maybe help us think through what are the drivers behind the acceleration. I appreciate there is another probably 100 centers or so coming online, but those would probably not be the higher volume sites. What drives your confidence that you see volumes accelerating to that extent in 2012 -- '13, I'm sorry. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, broadly, we think a lot of centers are just getting going, Miro. So we think there's going to be a substantial lift in 2013 and given that it's only the real second full year of launch, we don't think it's unusual to have this kind of a growth rate. As it relates to TA, that, that gets to be a little bit tricky business. I'm not sure of your question exactly but it's tough to know exactly what the TA percentages are going to do. Remember, this is the SAPIEN technology, and we, historically, saw higher TA percentages with SAPIEN because of a larger profile during introduction and that drifts down. And at the same time, you've got this under current of a TF-first approach. So we're not certain exactly where that goes. But in terms of the -- what's going to happen to the 2013 numbers, we just think the underlying demand is substantial across-the-board and that these Heart teams are going to continue to be treated, they gain their confidence -- as we say, there's 200 centers that are trained as we exited the year. 
Miroslava Minkova: Okay, great. Maybe secondarily, as competitors trials ramp up and as more competitors start their trials, actually both in Europe and in the U.S. in the second half of the year, have you accounted for that in your guidance? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We think we have. We factored that in to some extent. If it turns out to be unusual, then we would be affected by it but we believe that, that's in our numbers and we certainly model that. 
Miroslava Minkova: Okay. Great. And my final one is on mitral. Any color as to when we might see anything from your mitral program, like a first demand experience, or any details on the device? 
Michael Mussallem: You can be certain that as soon as we have something meaningful to announce that we'll get it out there. No real change to what we said at our Investor Conference, which is we thought that our first demand was likely in 2013. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Robert Hopkins: Just a couple of quick ones. Tom, by my calculation, fourth quarter gross margin excluding currency was probably somewhere in the 74.5 or greater range. Is that roughly correct? 
Thomas Abate: Actually, the boost from currency in -- specifically in the fourth quarter was bigger than that, Bob. Its probably closer to 200 basis points. 
Robert Hopkins: And then back on the number of centers, I think at the Analyst Day, Mike, you said that you thought you might train 100 or greater centers in 2013. Is that still a good number for U.S. centers to be trained in 2013? 
Michael Mussallem: We think that's a reasonable number, Bob, yes. We said 200 in total over 2 years, and most likely that it will split pretty evenly. 
Robert Hopkins: And then you got a lot of questions on the call about the stocking disclosures that you make and the trial revenues. And I was just wondering if, for the sake of simplicity, you might be willing to give us, for the full year 2013, what you think the combined stocking plus trial, clinical trial revenue, might be for you guys in the United States? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, if we could predict that with a great deal of precision, we'd probably try and get it out there, Bob. It's difficult -- that's a difficult one for us to predict accurately. So we more or less just try and share what we think is going to happen from a trend and direction point of view. 
Robert Hopkins: Okay. And then lastly, Mike, there's a bunch of questions about Europe but I'm not sure if anyone really got your views on what you saw in the fourth quarter in Europe specifically. I mean, did it feel like the market got better? Because obviously, over the course of 2012, things fell off pretty rapidly from Q2 to Q1 and Q3, Q2. But did you see -- just some comments on Europe generally in Q4, obviously, the numbers, the growth rates a little bit better. And is that market -- how did that feel in the fourth quarter? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I think we've talked pretty extensively about TF and TA. Maybe from a country mix point of view, we saw Germany continue to be a strong grower. You're talking about -- depending on whether you're talking about procedures, sales, some in the 10% to 20% range. And France helped a little bit, too. I think the biggest difference is we didn't have as big a decline in the fourth quarter out of Southern Europe as we had seen a little bit earlier. They were negative but not nearly as negative as they have been previously. I think it was maybe literally single-digit declines for the first time that we haven't seen for a while. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. 
Steve Beuchaw: It's Steve Beuchaw here for David.  I wanted to ask about Europe, first of all from a different direction and still on transcatheter valves. I mean, Mike, I wonder if you could spend a few minutes giving us a sense on what you're seeing there on the clinical environment with some of the data that we've seen like the GARY and the PRAGMATIC registries and now we have a new set of valve guidelines. Given the data that we have there, in 2013, can we be spending a little bit more time talking about the differences in clinical outcomes between SAPIEN and other products? And should we be thinking, given the data that we have, about expanding the use of transcatheter valves and relative to surgery just on the basis of that data? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, well, you're absolutely correct, Steve. There's going to be a lot more data that becomes apparent because of these registries. The SAPIEN platform already has a tremendous amount of data. And we feel like it's a best-in-class system. We haven't spent a lot of time trying to differentiate ourselves versus our competitors. We spent far more time trying to make sure that these patients that have been untreated get treated and feel like we've made some headway there. Is there some chance here that patients that aren't as sick get treated, I suppose there could be some lift, but we think the more fundamental lift will come actually when the PARTNER II data that measures these -- that evaluates these patients with STS scores down to 4 becomes available. 
Steve Beuchaw: And then I wanted to follow-up on a question that was asked earlier on surgical valves some of the strengths there, this Halo effect concept. We saw good numbers in cardiac surgeries, vascular picked up a little bit more than we might have expected. Is it possible that there are other fluid dynamics there? Maybe tenders? Maybe getting into new centers more broadly? And, lastly, could there be maybe any selling day issues that you would point to? 
Michael Mussallem: So say it again, you're talking about what would be the reason for the lift in surgical valves in the fourth quarter, is that what you're asking? 
Steve Beuchaw: Really, outside of surgical valves. Cardiac surgery, strong; vascular, pretty strong, that suggests there might be something more broad than the Halo effect in the thoracic surgery suite. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, I think -- when it comes to sales data, I think there is -- there was an extra sale day in the U.S. and that may be the case outside the U.S. as well. When it's not really profound, we normally don't talk about it. But I think that clearly was the case. It's very difficult for us to say with 1 quarter of data what's happening in the environment. I'd love to say something in general about the market but it's too soon. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Spencer Nam with Janney Capital. 
Spencer Nam: First question is on the cost of TAVI program and potential impact of this on centers signing up for the program. You guys still sound like there's a pent-up demand with the centers trying to join the TAVI program here. But whether -- I'm curious whether you guys are feeling any sort of pushback from some of the centers out there because of the economics potentially impacting, making this more of a broad-based program for these centers. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I think it's certainly true that some of the new centers are challenged from an economic perspective. Probably the best data on this was the PARTNER data, and that showed that it was cost effective. But nonetheless, we know that it certainly is more profitable for some of large academic centers in the East versus what it might be in some of the smaller centers or those in more rural areas. So that is the comment. I mean, broadly though, when we think about cost-effectiveness, the more that the procedure gets refined and the more we're able to reduce complications and get people out of the hospital faster, we feel like that is improving everyday, that really improves the economics. And so although there is some consternation on the part of some of the new accounts, we think the trend is going in the right direction. And we feel pretty good about the cost-effectiveness of the technology overall. 
Spencer Nam: Are you guys sharing some data with the hospitals -- new hospitals, when you have these discussions on the lowering trends of average day of stay or the lowering cost of procedure costs associated with improved -- increasing number of patients and so forth? I mean, are these data points being shared or kind of -- how does the discussion play out here? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. As part of their training, we have a lot of open discussion. And we certainly try and support them as they think about starting their program. We share the available data that's available and the total impact that it might have on the hospital. And so, they come with a number of their own questions and we try and be as helpful as possible. 
Spencer Nam: Can I just put in a one quick question, on the XT approval timeline, if the panel is not going to happen, why would you guys feel that it may take more than 6, 7 months for approval? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, you sounds exactly like what we say to FDA. Of course, we will ask for a faster approval timelines. You guys know the history of this. We probably don't have much better estimate than you may have. We feel like this estimate of 365 days is certainly faster than the averages that FDA typically has in this space. And so that's more than 500 days. So we're going to stay with our estimate at this point, Spencer, though. 
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments. 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. So with that, back to you, David. 
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call, which include underlying growth rates, sales results excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415 and use passcode 407869. In addition, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much. 
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson  VP, IR Mike Mussallem  Chairman and CEO Tom Abate  CFO
Analysts: Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co. Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital Markets David Roman  Goldman Sachs Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo Securities Jason Mills  Canaccord Genuity Amit Bhalla  Citigroup Bruce Nudell  Credit Suisse Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank Michael Weinstein  J.P. Morgan Bob Hopkins  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray David Lewis  Morgan Stanley Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann Joanne Wuensch  BMO Capital Markets Rajeev Jashnani  UBS
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our third quarter 2012 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales and sales growth, gross profit margin, net income growth, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, taxes, free cash flow, diluted shares outstanding, and foreign currency impacts. These statements also include our current expectations for the timing, status and expected outcomes of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions and approvals, reimbursement conditions and new product introductions as well as expectations regarding improvements in business results, market growth and fundamentals and potential impacts of our acquisition of BMEYE, economic conditions, and our pipeline. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying excluding the impact of foreign exchange and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thanks David. Say, we recognize that a late Friday conference call is unconventional so we really appreciate you taking the time to join us. This is a few days earlier than we normally report and we wanted to announce the full financial results as quickly as we could following the sales preannouncement last week and do it before the TCP Meeting next week. So let's get right into it. Our 50% growth rate in transcatheter heart valve sales in the quarter was less than we expected. Austerity measures in Europe posed a challenge and this impacted us harder than we expected. By comparison, we view the issues in the US as more temporary in nature. Looking forward, we expect a strong close to the year. As you may have seen, earlier today we received FDA approval to treat high-risk patients with SAPIEN using both the transfemoral and transapical approaches. We're very excited to begin offering this treatment to a considerably broader group of patients. Now, turning to quarterly results, reported total sales grew 9% to $448 million. Sales growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange was 14% driven by the US launch of SAPIEN. Total US sales grew 29% and represent a growing proportion of our total sales. Turning to transcatheter heart valves, third quarter sales were $124 million or 66% underlying growth driven by the US launch of SAPIEN. Transfemoral systems, which represented nearly 80% of our global THV sales, continue to be lifted by the US commercial ramp which is entirely TS and the launch of our 29-millimeter TF system in Europe. Outside the US, our sales declined 8%, but excluding the impact of foreign exchange, grew 5%. While rest of the world sales grew nicely, in Europe, underlying sales were comparable to the prior year and we estimate the market grew in mid-single digits due to austerity measures. Our unit growth in Europe was comparable to the market; however, pricing was slightly lower than last year as accounts qualified for annual volume rebates. Additionally, during the quarter, we increased our sales reserves by approximately $3 million to better reflect current product return patterns. Procedure growth in Europe was broadly lower than we expected. To provide some granularity, growth rates in Italy and Spain were negative as procedures decreased this quarter. This was driven by heightened economic pressures which further restricted hospital budgets. Additionally, the UK and France did not expand treatment as expected, and as anticipated, procedures in Germany grew 13% over prior year and were similar to the second quarter. Although sales in the third quarter came up short, we continue to believe the fundamentals in Europe related to TAVR are strong. This was reinforced by the high procedural success rates, continued clinician enthusiasm, new joint society guidelines endorsing the use of transcatheter heart valves for appropriate patients, and the real-world benefits of this therapy demonstrated in numerous recent studies including the extensive German aortic valve registry of approximately 3,800 patients. Last quarter, we introduced our larger 29-millimeter SAPIEN XT valve with the NovaFlex Plus transfemoral delivery system. This new valve's strong adoption in Europe resulted in transfemoral unit growth rate of more than 30% in stimulated transfemoral share gains. At the same time, non-transfemoral units declined approximately 20%, likely driven by heart teams more broadly adopting a transfemoral first approach and some volume migrating to the new 29-millimeter transfemoral offering. We estimate that competitive TA products continued to be of minimal impact in the quarter. Turning to the US, THV sales were $55 million for the quarter. Clinical sales of $5 million were lower than the $9 million in the second quarter as two nested registries in PARTNER II primarily enrolled in Q2. Net stocking units of $8 million were down from $14 million in the second quarter as fewer centers were trained during the summer months and the first commercial accounts began transitioning to consignment. Reorder sales increased 13% versus the second quarter. Remember that in May, the final NCD was released, which gave hospitals a better understanding of the requirements for becoming a TAVR center. While enthusiasm remains high, the structural heart requirements in the NCD have created a hurdle for new centers and they're working to meet these new standards. From launch to the end of the third quarter, we had trained approximately 150 commercial centers. Including the PARTNER sites, a total of 186 centers have been trained as of September 30. With the approval of Cohort A, we will use a portion of our training capacity to rapidly train non-PARTNER heart teams on the TA approach over the next two quarters. Under the provisions of the NCD, inoperable patients without femoral access have no coverage. The delay of both the approval of Cohort A and the clinical protocols that would have allowed reimbursement for this sizable group of patients reduce procedures. We expect the STS and ACC to jointly submit the clinical protocols to CMS next week and anticipate a timely approval. As previously mentioned, summer vacations had a more pronounced effect on procedures than we had expected with the requirement that a full heart team be present at every procedure. From a hospital economics standpoint, we believe the current reimbursement rates are fair. With any new technology, as centers gain experience, they generally find their efficiencies improve and their costs decrease. We're very pleased with the overall progress of the US launch. An impressive list of leading heart centers have enthusiastically adopted our SAPIEN technology and overall procedural success rates remain very high. It's also noteworthy that most hospitals will be conducted extensive media outreach to their respective communities announcing the launch of the TAVR program. Importantly, reimbursement has been formally established and, with the approval of PARTNER IA, high-risk patients now have access to this lifesaving therapy. Turning to our US PARTNER II clinical study, which is evaluating the SAPIEN XT technology, we're continuing to enroll patients in Cohort A, the surgical arm. We recently received FDA approval to add to the trial our larger 29-millimeter XT valve with the NovaFlex Plus delivery system and the Ascendra Plus delivery system for both the transapical and new transaortic approach. With this, we expect fourth quarter clinical sales to return to second quarter levels. We remain on track to complete enrollment in PARTNER II by mid-2013. In Europe, we remain on track with the clinical timelines for our exciting new transcatheter platforms. Enrollment in the study of our repositionable self-expanding CENTERA valve is underway, and for our next generation balloon expandable SAPIEN III valve, we continue to expect enrollment to begin by year-end. The pro-TAVI trial in Europe to study that causes of stroke and evaluate our umbrella device continues to enroll and the initial results of this study should become available by the end of this year.  In Japan we remain on track to receive regulatory approval and reimbursement for SAPIEN XT in 2013. At TCT next week, three-year data from our PARTNER Cohort B is expected to be presented on Wednesday, October 24. The PARTNER's publication office which facilitates the academic study and publication of PARTNER data has approved the number of additional presentations and sessions at TCT. Overall we are proud of the extensive data that continues to be generated on our transcatheter valve platforms. In summary, we anticipate a strong rebound in the fourth quarter, resulting in a full year underlying growth rate of approximately 70%. With the later-than-anticipated approval of Cohort A, we now expect full year US THV sales of $230 million to $240 million, which assumes increasing consignment. For the full year we now expect global THV sales of $530 million to $560 million. Turning to the surgical heart valve therapy product group, sales for the quarter were $186 million, which included $26 million from Cardiac Surgery Systems. Surgical heart valve sales of $160 million decreased 2% but, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, grew 2% over last year. We believe this growth is the start of an improving trend. Sales growth improved sequentially in all regions outside the US. In the US we estimate that overall procedures were flat and our results were slightly negative due to the continued but diminishing impact from a competitor's product introduction in the prior year. Globally our pricing remained stable. We continue to make progress on our key milestones with EDWARDS INTUITY. In Europe, enrollment in our CADENCE MIS and FOUNDATION clinical trials continue to accelerate in the third quarter and we expect these trials will complete enrollment in the first quarter of 2013. These studies are focused on generating data supporting the patient benefits and health economics of this new procedure compared to traditional open heart surgery. During the third quarter, we also completed enrollment earlier than planned in our TRITON CE Mark trial for our next-generation INTUITY system, which features enhancements to both the delivery system and the valve. In the US, we began enrollment of our TRANSFORM trial, a prospective multicenter trial that will evaluate the INTUITY valve system. We expect to enroll approximately 650 patients in this single-arm study that will follow standard heart valve guidance and historical controls. We expect enrollment on our US IDE trial called COMMENCE to begin by yearend using our GLX tissue platform on a Magna Ease surgical valve. GLX is a proprietary technology already approved in Europe designed to provide additional protection for bovine pericardial tissue by enhancing anti-calcification for improved durability. Ultimately, GLX could be applied more broadly to our surgical and transcatheter heart valve platforms. Cardiac surgery systems sales for the quarter were $26 million, a 4% decrease from prior year, or flat excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Last year's results were higher than usual due to a significant back order release. Additionally, sales growth this quarter was limited by supplier issues with our ProPlege retrograde cardioplegia device which has since been resolved. We are now in the process of initiating a full worldwide launch. In summary, based on year-to-date results in surgical heart valve therapy product group, we now expect to achieve underlying sales growth for the full year at the bottom of our previous 3% to 5% range. The fourth quarter growth rate is expected to improve as prior year comparisons moderate. Turning to critical care product group, total sales for the quarter were $138 million, which included $13 million from vascular products. Within this product group, critical care sales were $125 million for the quarter, down 1%, or up 3% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Growth was driven by both our pressure monitoring and advanced technology disposable products in Asia. The recent global launch of our next-generation EV1000 monitor generated solid growth in advance monitoring hardware. This was offset by a decline in legacy hardware sales. Last week, we announced the acquisition of BMEYE and its non-invasive technology for hemodynamic monitoring. We expect this technology to expand and strengthen our existing critical care portfolio by offering a new solution for clinicians and their patients. We plan to continue the modest sales of BMEYE's existing products in the surgical setting, but more importantly, we expect to further develop and integrate the technology into our EV1000 platform over the next 18 months. The team in Amsterdam is a welcome addition to our company. With respect to our glucose program, we are completing product validations on our enhanced GlucoClear system. We're still hopeful that we can receive a CE Mark by the end of year. Total reported vascular sales, which is comprised primarily of our Fogarty products, were $13 million this quarter, down slightly from prior year. Based on our year-to-date results, we now are expecting our full-year 2012 underlying sales growth in the critical care product line to be at the bottom of our guidance of 2% to 5%. We expect improved performance from advanced monitoring in the fourth quarter lifted by the launch of our newest EV1000 platform. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Abate: Thank you, Mike. This quarter we achieved diluted EPS of $0.58, a 35% increase over the prior year or 53% excluding special items last year. A significant increase in our gross profit rate combined with the lower SG&A spending allowed us to deliver EPS within our guidance range despite our sales shortfall. At the same time, we increased our R&D investments by 20%. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 75.1%, a 550-basis-point increase over the prior year. Approximately 200 basis points of this strong improvement resulted from a favorable product mix driven by the US launch of SAPIEN. The remainder was due to the impact of foreign exchange. At current FX rates, we expect to achieve a similar gross profit margin in the fourth quarter. Third quarter SG&A expenses were $168 million or 37.5% of sales, an increase of 1% over the prior year. This slight increase was driven primarily by US transcatheter launch-related investments, offset by a favorable impact from foreign exchange. SG&A expenses were lower than we expected as a result of lower incentive compensation and other variable expenses. As a percentage of sales, we continue to expect SG&A to be between 37% and 38% for the full year. R&D investments in the quarter grew 20% to $74 million or 16.5% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of investments in clinical trials and new product development efforts related to our transcatheter valve programs. For the year, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 15% and 16%. Our tax rate for the quarter was 25.9%, consistent with our previous guidance. Excluding special items, we continue to expect our rate to be approximately 20% in the fourth quarter, assuming renewal of the federal R&D tax credit. FX rates negatively impacted third quarter sales by $20 million. Relative to our prior guidance, FX did not have a material impact on earnings in the quarter. If rates remain unchanged, we estimate foreign exchange will now have an approximate $45 million negative impact to full year sales compared to last year. During the quarter, we spent approximately $13 million on share repurchases. Under our existing share repurchase program, we had $435 million available for share repurchase at the end of the third quarter. For modeling purposes, we continue to project fully diluted shares outstanding to be approximately $119 million at year-end. Turning to our balance sheet, at the end of the quarter we had total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $622 million and total debt of $175 million. Due to the accelerated reporting timetable this quarter, we are not providing quarterly free cash flow at this time. We continue to expect free cash flow for 2012 to be between $240 million and $260 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 64 days, a six-day improvement over prior year driven by significant payments in Spain last quarter. Inventory turns were 1.6, down from 2.0 last quarter. This decrease resulted primarily from the impact of foreign exchange and our lower Q3 sales. As announced last week, we acquired BMEYE for EUR32.5 million or approximately $42 million. We expect the net earnings impact from this transaction to be immaterial in 2012 and slightly dilutive in 2013. We'll provide complete 2013 guidance at our investor conference in December. Turning to our 2012 sales guidance, in transcatheter heart valves we now expect global sales of $530 million to $560 million and US sales of $230 million to $240 million. For surgical heart valve therapy, we continue to expect sales to be between $775 million and $805 million, which includes approximately $115 million from cardiac surgery system sales. Lastly, in critical care, we now expect sales at the low end of our previous range of $550 million to $580 million, which includes approximately $50 million of vascular sales. Given our updated projections, we now expect full-year sales at the bottom of our previous $1.9 billion to $1.97 billion range, which represents an underlying growth rate of more than 15%. For the fourth quarter of 2012, we project total sales of $490 million to $520 million. We expect diluted earnings per share to be between $0.76 and $0.80 for the fourth quarter and between $2.54 and $2.58 for the full year 2012. Full-year net income growth is expected to be between 25% and 27%. Our guidance for diluted earnings per share and net income growth excludes special items and assumes the renewal of the R&D tax credit. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. Even in a difficult global economy, given the innovative and medically necessary nature of our portfolio, we are confident in our ability to achieve a strong fourth quarter performance. More importantly, we remain unwavering in our belief in the transcatheter valve opportunity and that our THV technologies can have an increasing impact on the lives of patients well into the future. Additionally, we are enthusiastic about the potential of our robust product pipeline to strengthen our leadership position in structural heart disease and critical care technologies. And with that, I'll turn the call all back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. Before we open it up to questions, I'd like to remind you about our 2012 investor conference which will be held at our corporate headquarters in Irvine, California the evening of Monday, December 3, and Tuesday, December 4th. At this event we will provide an update on our growth strategies, new technologies, and a detailed financial outlook for 2013. We've also lined up several leading clinicians who will share their experiences and views about transcatheter valve technologies and the trends in valvular disease therapies. Additional details will be available in the next few weeks. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and we'll answer as many as we have time for during the remainder of the call. Operator, we're ready for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy of Jefferies.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co.: Hi, good afternoon.
Mike Mussallem: Hi, Raj.
Tom Abate: Hi, Raj.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co.: I wonder if I could ask a little bit about Europe. I appreciate the comments in terms of southern Europe perhaps falling off a bit, and then what was intriguing with the commentary around some of the more established countries in the UK, France not expanding reimbursements. I'm curious what your thoughts are around when that might happen and what that could potentially do to the growth we're seeing in Europe.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We had experienced a pretty good growth rate in the UK in the first half of the year, and that didnt happen in the third quarter. There are limitations on the way that their payors are actually providing coverage to the local hospitals, and so they've already reached the limit at some hospitals. And so we're working closely with them and we're hoping that we can get some coverage improvement, but it could take some time. In France, we literally expected additional accounts to be added that would have impact in the third quarter. Those had been previously approved. Those have just started to become added here in the fourth quarter. I think it's an additional maybe 10, 12 accounts, and the first of those have already come on line.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co.: So there's been some conjecture that perhaps we're seeing something structural in Europe with perhaps the demand for transcatheter valves perhaps not being so great or perhaps competition having better success there. Perhaps given the softness, if you just have any broader comments about your expectations for Europe and what you expect to see there over the next couple of years.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Well, first of all, I think we've tried to share here that competitively we're just not seeing much. The 29-millimeter transfemoral valve was a boost in the trasfemoral position. The new transapical competition really hasn't done very much to change what's going on in that position. And if we think about what's going on more broadly, I mean we literally saw a decline in the south of Europe, that's the single biggest factor. Structurally, we feel pretty good about things. Germany, the biggest country, grew 13%. And as we mentioned, it's pretty solid in Europe with the GARY Registry having the results that they are demonstrating in real-world conditions, the new guidelines that have come out from societies, the very procedural growth rate. If you were at the London Vale Meeting, there were 1,300 attendants. We think structurally Europe is going to be a very good transcatheter heart valve market.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro of RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. My first question has to do with Mike. You'd mentioned that the societies like STS now has to submit I guess guidelines or protocols to the government for reimbursement. So my first question is, how quickly can that occur? And then second, is that what unlocks the TA backlog or can hospitals start doing TAs starting tomorrow? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Glenn. Good question. Yeah, two different things. The approval of Cohort A is going to open up TA procedures for non-operable patients, and that's going to be significant group of patients and maybe the most sizable in terms of the group of patients that we're expecting to be treated. Separate from that, there were some groups of patients that were not covered by the approval of Cohort B, so, for example, people that didnt have transfemoral access, they were non-operable patients but say their vessels werent big to get a SAPIEN valve into. Those required, if you were going to get paid by CMS, those required a special clinical protocol. Because the TBT registry is the natural place to collect that data, we needed the cooperation of the STS and ACC to submit. We expected that to happen really much earlier in the third quarter and there was quite a bit of process for them to work through. Thats going to happen next week. All the signs that we have from CMS is that they are ready to act on that very rapidly once its submitted.
Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital Markets: So just as a follow-up, if you're assuming it takes the next week or two, is that what's giving you the confidence that 4Q ramp would be there because the next week or two hospitals can start unlocking the backlog?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We're prepared to ship immediately transapical units. And so with the approval Cohort A that we just received this afternoon, thats going to begin immediately into PARTNER sites. And the PARTNER sites are already trained to do transapical, and so that will have an uptake here right away. The rest of the hospitals that dont have transapical training are going to have to go through that. Thats going to be a couple of quarter process, but thats beginning immediately. And it's built into our guidance, Glenn. So we feel pretty comfortable in the US that we're going to achieve this $230 million to $240 million range.
Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital Markets: All right. Thank you, and congrats on the approval today.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Roman of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
David Roman  Goldman Sachs: Good evening and thank you for taking the questions. I wanted, Mike, just to clarify something you said regarding Japan. You'd said that both the reimbursement and regulatory approval next year. I thought that there was more of a time lag between when you got the Shonin approval and when reimbursing came into play. Can you maybe just remind us how the mechanics work there and how we should think about the sizing of that market?
Mike Mussallem: Sure, David. Yeah, you're right, there is a lag period between the regulatory approval and the reimbursement approval. The regulatory approval, we'd like to think, happens in midyear and the reimbursement approval would lag that. Our assumption is that we'll get that before year-end and so that really is what unlocks the market. Having regulatory approval really is just the precursor to that. We really haven't sized the opportunity. Our intention is to do that at the Investor Conference in early December. But we continue to feel pretty good that we're going to have both regulatory and reimbursement by the end of the year.
David Roman  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. And then my follow-up is on the US, I think you made a comment that reorder rates were 13% I assume as you kind of take that as same-store sales growth, so to speak, in the centers who are using the device. But maybe could you just talk about how centers are ramping up? Any quantification that you can provide? Particularly as you go out of kind of the PARTNER type centers or the more academic facilities, what the ramp looks like in some of the community facilities and how we should think about that progression as you go further down the curve in terms of size of center?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. The centers come up pretty quickly, David. What happens is, because they come in with pre-screened patients, and generally that's five pre-screened patients, they go right back and they start doing it. Now it takes a while for them naturally to build a referral network, but the numbers jump up to a pretty good level. Now that's certainly much less than a PARTNER site. A PARTNER site in general might have two to three times the case volumes going than the other sites. But frankly, there's not a lot of difference between the first 50 sites that we've trained and the last 50 sites that we've trained in terms of the volume per month that they're doing, if that gives you some visibility?
David Roman  Goldman Sachs: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Tom Abate: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen of Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks. Just two questions. So, first, Mike, actually I wanted to ask you about the mitral side. The mitral side been obviously tougher to crack in aortic and it seems there's been a lot of progress made recently by small private companies. You didn't talk about mitral at last year's analyst meeting. Can you give us a sense of where you think we are in the development of transcatheter mitral technology in general, and if we'll see anything meaningful on your mitral pipeline at the analyst meeting?
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for that, Larry, I appreciate it. I think we've been pretty consistent in saying that mitral is a very high priority for Edwards Lifesciences and we have more than on mitral development program going on inside the company. We've also been pretty consistent in saying that we're really not going to talk about them until we think that they are pretty close to the market, that we actually have accomplished the first demand and have something that we think is as somewhat sustainable. So it's important to us, we realize that it's also important to investors, and as soon as we feel like we have something that's rock solid, we'll do it. In terms of comparison, the competition, in many cases they might have a different standard for when they talk about their valves than what we might do.
Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo Securities: And then I just wanted to circle back on Europe. You gave some good color there. But the growth went from 15 -- I'm sorry, outside the US, OUS, 15% last quarter, 5% this quarter. Directionally, do you think you can grow there or keep it at least flat in 2013? I recognize you're going to give guidance in December, but really, how should we think about it given the rapid deceleration we just saw there? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, we felt like we did see deterioration particularly in the south during the third quarter. Our team doesn't feel like that is necessarily going to get worse. We feel like, when we do our projections, we're projecting that they stabilize at current levels, and that much of what we're dealing with right now are yearend budgets, so where there very -- some pretty direct orders to say that we need to stop spending because we're out of money for the year. So it's a little tough to predict exactly how that plays out exactly over the next few quarters, but the bulk of this, Larry, we feel pretty good about. Germany, the biggest country, continues to grow. France is adding centers, even though the UK has some pretty austere reimbursement practices, wed like to think that over time here that they become more liberal in terms of the way they reimburse.
Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills of Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Genuity: Hi, Mike. Thanks for taking the questions. I just want to take off from Larry's question and just ask it more simply. From a unit growth perspective in 2013 in Europe, outside of Japan, do you expect to grow units overall next year?
Mike Mussallem: Yes.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Genuity: Okay, great. Thanks. Second question, in the US, given that youre going to use some of your capacity in the next couple of quarters to train existing sites on the TA, could you give us an update on your thinking with respect to the number of centers that you'll have? I guess it's coming up or coming up on the one-year timeframe. The guidance was 150 to 250 relative to that initial assumption.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, if it helps, as we said, we've got 150 sites trained at the end of the quarter, commercial sites, and 186 if you count the partner sites. We're going to use quite a bit of transapical capacity in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter to train these commercial sites or the non-PARTNER sites, if you will. That's probably going to mean actually that we trained less new centers in the fourth quarter than we actually trained even in the third, right? So it's going to limit that to some extent. But we've given some pretty clear sales guidance in terms of what we think is going to happen in Q4, if that helps answer the question.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Genuity: It does. Thanks. One for Tom, gross margins were strong, but a big part of it was from the currency impact. How should we think about gross margins going forward? understanding that TAVI should become a bigger mix, therefore, catalytic to gross margins, understanding also that you haven't given 2013 guidance, but just directionally from a magnitude standpoint.
Tom Abate: Sure, Jason. I think that direct question is legitimate. Right now we're probably peaking on the foreign exchange benefit; 350 basis points is a lot of foreign exchange. The good news is the vast majority of it is what happened last year. So, about two-thirds of that is last year's impact. So we will see this continue to affect that GP rate. So I hate to get too far ahead, it almost always has to go with the statement that says at current rates. But just to give you an idea of whats in there today, there's probably 100 in this quarter. The margin looks good, we had 200 basis points of mix, and well continue to look at that going forward. But it's logical to assume it will go with the sales guidance that we give for you next year and based upon how large that is, that would give you the size of the impact on the GP.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Genuity: Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Tom Abate: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla of Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Hi. Thanks. I just wanted to just finish bridging between the third quarter US TAVI number and the roughly $80 million that youre expecting in the fourth. Mike you said, so you're assuming Europe stays in mid-single digits, you're going to fewer sites in the fourth quarter. Can you walk us through the other pieces that bridge between the third and fourth quarter for US TAVI and your assumptions are?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. One piece that you may not have picked up along the way here is what happens on clinicals. If you go back to Q2, we actually enrolled a couple of registries, the transapical non-operable registry and the six and seven millimeter registry. Those were largely enrolled in Q2 and they were not present during Q3. So that was a drop of almost $4 million. We would expect that to be restored in the fourth quarter because we have the new 29-millimeter registry. Wed expect those levels to pop back up in Q4 to be similar to Q2. So maybe that helps you little bit. The rest of it I think is there, unless you have a specific question on it.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Well, I guess stocking and potentially transaortic. Obviously the balance will be Cohort A approval, but those are the little pieces.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. So let me talk about stocking to try and give you maybe another piece that help you triangulate. There's -- net stocking is really two pieces. One is the stocking themselves and the other is the consignment. So there'll be some stocking that goes along with TA, there'll be some stocking that goes along with the new sites, but remember we're not training quite as many new sites, but consignment is starting to ramp up. And so that's going to run, I don't know, mid-single digits worth of millions of dollars. So net-net we'll get minimal benefit, maybe just a few million dollars net stocking in our estimation in the fourth quarter.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Just quick follow-up. You did mention pricing did come down in Europe in the third quarter. Can you give us a little more detail and quantify what that impact was? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Overall what's going on there is that we give some volume rebates when people obtain that and they're obtaining that level. We're talking about something in the couple of percent range year over year.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Bruce Nudell  Credit Suisse: Good morning -- good afternoon, I'm sorry. It's cocktail hour actually.
Mike Mussallem: It's not that late, Bruce.
Bruce Nudell  Credit Suisse: Yes. I was expecting you're clinking glasses. Anyway, Mike and Tom, just looking at Europe, when you look at the sluggishness of the European national health services, it's really not about clinical efficacy like in the case of Belgium, it was really more about money, about the cost of the procedure. I mean, just looking forward, do we really need to anticipate significant reductions in price to kind of unlock the potential of those national health services other than Germany, in Europe?
Mike Mussallem: We don't expect that Bruce. We think, you know, we don't have a plan to reduce our pricing. The only way the people earn that really is with volume discounts. And we think actually transcatheter heart valves offer a very good value, and we work hard to build that case and we have more and more evidence all the time that I think supports that premise.
Bruce Nudell  Credit Suisse: Okay. And then just turning to the US, in the trial, you had a bunch of unstable patients or marginally stable patients who mapped the good DRGs and very well-paying institution by and large, the teaching institutions on the coast. And as this technology disseminates to less well-paid institutions and as you wind up with perhaps some more clinically stable commercial cohort, even though they fit within the bounds of PARTNER IA and IB, do we have to anticipate some accommodation for the less well-reimbursed institutions so that they could participate?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Overall, Bruce, I know that there, anecdotally, there's a number of cases that are different out there, but we believe broadly that the reimbursement is pretty fair and there is a not a big difference between what we're seeing commercially and what we saw in the PARTNER trial in terms of the severity mix. The majority of patients are still mapping to the higher DRGs and just the overall position impacts the hospital. You just got to remember the hospitals for the most part are very proud to be in the trial. They do an awful lot of media outreach to do it. It sends you a signal about how they feel about being in this technology. So we don't see it as a major barrier for adoption.
Bruce Nudell  Credit Suisse: Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart of Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thanks for taking the question, and congrats on the approval today.
Mike Mussallem: Thank you.
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: Mike, I was just wondering, obviously your cash is building and I know you guys have always been active repurchasers of the stock, what I guess is your feeling just looking ahead towards what to do with the cash. Would you be at all inclined to start thinking about perhaps returning some to the shareholders through the form of a dividend or are you keeping the cash building with the I guess ultimate aim to go out and do acquisitions?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, Kristen, we haven't changed our view on this. We don't have any plans to begin initiating a dividend. We feel like that we can invest that cash and get real good returns for shareholders by driving the growth. You can see the kind of way we use it, just look at the recent BMEYE acquisition which we think is a great addition to the company, and I think that's more likely what you see as use of cash along with of course share repurchases.
Tom Abate: And we have the authorization, the current authorizations over $400 million at this point and I think available cash is like $600 million. So, a good portion of that already authorized.
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just kind of, I guess, with the approval today, have you guys had, I assume you got the chance to look the [payable] on the indications. Is there anything in there that gives you any more, or maybe not, any concerns at all as it relates to CMS reimbursement since it specifies that it has to be in line with actual label?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Kristen. Yeah, we had a good hour to go through that. I'm just joking. The Cohort A label actual is as expected. This is just what we thought. The STS greater than 8%, also judged by the heart team, the risk of mortality greater than 15% if they went through surgery, that's very consistent with what we expected.
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: So the actual label does include a specific STS score?
Mike Mussallem: It does. It has an STS grade of 8% or the heart team deems a greater than 15% estimated mortality if they went through open-heart surgery.
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Perfect. And then just real quickly one last one, sorry. You had mentioned just the structural heart criteria and how that was I guess somewhat constraining for some hospitals. Is that a criteria, is there any efforts to kind of get that changed? Or having that in there now does that change your view just kind of going forward in terms of the number of centers or just kind of the near-term outlook for valves?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. No, I don't know that it's going to change imminently. I think people are trying to understand it. Just to get into the detail a little bit, it asks for either 100 structural heart disease procedures lifetime or 30 left-sided structural heart disease. And that's something that centers are trying to interpret. There's a little bit of lack of clarity on, gee, do I have to be the primary operator or what if I just participated in it? And so those kind of pieces of clarification will help centers work through that. But I think now that they know what the requirement is, it causes hospitals that are motivated to go and try and fulfill the requirement. So I don't see it as a major issue.
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Perfect. Thanks, and congrats again.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein of JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein  J.P. Morgan: Thanks. The first question is, you put out the press release a week ago, Monday, and then you put out a release today, and you did change your TAVI guidance for the balance of the year. You had been for US sales you said the low end of the $240 million to $260 million and today you said $230 million to $240 million, and then you lowered basically your OUS assumption as well. So, could you just talk about what changed your mind and what changed in your view on the business for the fourth quarter from a week and a half ago to today?
Mike Mussallem: Sure, Mike, happy to talk about it. Yeah, when we issued that press release, I think it was 11 days ago, we were under the impression that we were going to have a Cohort A approval really any day. And with that in mind, we had guidance that basically said that wed hit the low end of the range of $240 million in the US. Given that it came here on the 19th, we estimated it cost us approximately $5 million worth of sales in the quarter. So we thought it was in the best interest of, we being accurate with shareholders, to change our guidance. And so thats why youre finding the midpoint of the guidance moved about $5 million both in the US and on a global basis.
Michael Weinstein  J.P. Morgan: Okay. But it looks like you lowered the OUS as well.
Mike Mussallem: No. The OUS is just -- is very much consistent with the change in the US. We really only tried to move the midpoint $5 million, Mike.
Michael Weinstein  J.P. Morgan: Okay. So let me ask just a couple of other follow-ups here from some earlier comments. So the consignment assumption, Mike, is mid-single-digit contribution and then maybe you pick up another $4 million sequentially in your clinical trial revenue. So basically if we're trying to bridge that third quarter to fourth quarter, maybe there is $9 million of incremental revenues between consignment and clinical trials. Was I understanding that right?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We think were going to get a boost in clinical trials where it goes back to the level of Q2. So that's, you know, youd figure thats $3 million, $4 million. We're not trying to suggest that we get much of a boost out of net stocking. Actually well get less of a boost out of net stocking in the fourth quarter than weve got even in the third quarter because consignment is going to start eating into that.
Michael Weinstein  J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then just two commentaries. One, you talked early on about you increased your sales reserves by $3 million to better reflect current product return patterns. Can you maybe just explain that in terms of what geographies changed your return assumptions on and why are customers returning products? And then the second thing you said that kind of caught my attention was that the weakness in Europe was related to budget cuts into the fiscal yearends, but most countries are December, a couple of couple of the other countries already had the fiscal years closed, Spain -- well, if I just go through it, Germany, Spain, France were all December; Italy is June 30; UK is March 31. So, with all those countries still looking at their fiscal yearends that I mentioned in December, does Europe get worse in the fourth quarter?
Mike Mussallem: So let me answer your second question and I'll let Tom get into the question about the adjustment. No, we don't anticipate things to get worse necessarily in the fourth quarter. The accounts that we think have slowed down or stopped continue to be slowed down or stopped. It's not that it's that variable. And so we sincerely especially saw this in South in Italy and Spain where literally the procedures just stopped. And so that's what we experienced and that's what we expect to continue into the fourth quarter. And Tom can get in the significant --
Tom Abate: Yeah, Mike, in regards to the reserve adjustment it was strictly Europe and keep in mind that we're introducing the new technologies. And what we do on a regular basis is just look at the return pattern and so forth and the exploration on product that's anticipated to expire in the future and we periodically have to adjust that. Now, not always in the same direction; we're hopeful that we'll have systems improvements that will probably bring this back shortly over time. But it's all and managing what's in the field, with the consignment inventory and the various different releases of product.
Michael Weinstein  J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Mike Mussallem: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins of Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Can you hear me okay?
Tom Abate: Yeah.
Mike Mussallem: Just right.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, great. I know it's late here on a Friday, so I'll be real quick. If you look at the change in your US TAVI guidance midpoint to midpoint, sort of the new midpoint to the old midpoint, it's about $15 million or roughly 500 surgeries. Mike, I was wondering if you could, as best you can, break that down for us, because I think Europe is an issue people understand, but this is really just the third quarter of the US TAVI launch and you are reducing guidance. And I just wondered if you could break down that 500 surgeries for us into as many as buckets as you feel comfortable, just so we can have a best understanding of what you feel what happened.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. It's pretty simple, Bob. Really its the same thing that causes the changed guidance earlier in the year. It's just -- it's a later approval of Cohort A. Cohort A is very much a ramp. And so we train centers and we bring that up. And every time that gets delayed, it pushes out the largest part of the ramp. And that's really the lion's share of it, Bob.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: From a US perspective, so the lion's share of those 500 shares you think are all the transapical delay?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, I didn't say 500. We've been giving our guidance in terms of dollars, but that's really what the change of guidance is about, right.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just one quick question for Tom just back on gross margin. I wanted to understand, in terms of the Q4 guidance there, how much of benefit are you going to get in the Q4 from FX if any?
Tom Abate: In the margin? It diminishes. I don't know that I have it right in front of me at this point. I know it's a little bit less. And what you have is you come out to the same results but with less benefit from FX and a bit better on the product mix. But I'm sorry, I don't have that exact number in front of me.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just because in Q3, if you eliminate the FX portion, you are down at 72.4. And so, sequentially, you being comfortable with 75. Is all of sort of 250-basis-point improvement just a function of better to have your results in the US?
Tom Abate: Yeah. Remember, what I tried to break out, Bob, was the fact that of 350 basis points that's FX, a lot of it's what occurred last year. So we had a negative result last year that's no longer there. So, of the FX, you'd say 100 is actually happening in the current year. So if you were to back that off, you'd say, if it wasnt an FX benefit, then without that, you'd be probably at around 74.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Tom Abate: So there is some -- and keep in mind, there is some coming in Q4 also, so, that's different. Okay.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate it. Thanks.
Tom Abate: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gunderson of Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Hi, good afternoon. I'll just ask one for Mike. Mike, on the surgical heart valve side, I think we've hit TAVI enough here, on the surgical heart valve side, we've talked in the past about a halo effect that happened in Europe. We've yet to see that surface in the US. Is it too early or are we being too simple to think that just because it happened in Europe, it will happen in the United States?
Mike Mussallem: It's a good question, Tom, and thanks for that. We do see a few cases where that is, but really hasnt been very substantial so far. We think with the Cohort A approval, we have more chance of seeing that sunshine come. So we're looking forward of demonstrating that going ahead. We will see.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon.
Mike Mussallem: Hey, David.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Hey, Mike, you've talked a lot about what you think the difference in guidance was, and you think the majority of that was just sort of the push-out in Cohort A. But we have heard throughout the quarter a lot of talk about sort of non-femoral access. I wonder, could you give us a sense of right now what you think the percent of non-femoral access and how big the lack of reimbursement or difficulty in non-femoral access has been throughout the quarter?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We probably estimated that we'd get, I don't know, maybe $3 million to $5 million worth of non-femoral access sales in the third quarter. So if that helps you estimate it, we -- that's what we would have thought. The combination of -- blended [bottom], we got Cohort A actually a little bit sooner, but probably the bulk of that was the fact that there was no reimbursement in place for these non-TF cases.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Okay, that's quite fair. And then, Mike, you were very clear on transapical reimbursement for Cohort B and what you expected there from the societies and timing. So it may be an obvious question because the final NCD was a little different from proposed, but is it your assumption that Cohort A reimbursement is immediately in place based on the final NCD will not require any update or amendment?
Mike Mussallem: That's exactly our assumption, is that the reimbursement is immediately in place.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mike Mussallem: You're welcome. Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Danielle Antalffy of Leerink Swann. Please proceed with your question.
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann: Hi, good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, I just wanted to touch on the comment you made about TA procedures declining in Europe. I was actually at the London Valve Conference and there were a quite a few discussions on cost effectiveness data and support around TA and the fact that the cost effectiveness data there is not as compelling as it is for TF, no surprise there of course. But just wondering if you think that had any impact on the procedural declines in Europe?
Mike Mussallem: Well, I don't know. It's a good question whether that has some kind of impact. I think broadly there is a TF-first approach which is being adopted, and cost may be an element of that, but there's also a feeling that it's improved outcomes for patients. The cost efficiency that we saw related to TA most -- especially the PARTNER-related data, that was generated very early on, and probably not a fair and accurate depiction of whats going on with transapical today. I think those folks that do it and do it well and practice at it feel that they get better results than what was seen in those early results, and even the continued access data we think generates improved results from what happened in the United States.
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann: Okay, great. Any sense of timelines for seeing more cost data around TA?
Mike Mussallem: I dont know that we have any specific, for example, randomized data coming from TA, although this is such a highly-studied field, I wouldnt be surprised if we see at least center-based data that gets generated from time-to-time.
Danielle Antalffy  Leerink Swann: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Sure, Danielle.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch of BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Joanne Wuensch  BMO Capital Markets: Thank you very much for taking my question. I want to shift back to TA in the United States. When you think about what will be happening or procedures that are done in the next quarter, what percentage of those are you thinking that will be TA versus TS? And when we have this conversion a year from now, how do you think that will shake out?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. Its a little tough to estimate, Joanne -- thank you for the question -- because there is a ramp that goes on. Our estimate is that probably there's 20% to 30% of the patients that would otherwise qualify that cant get a SAPIEN valve because their femorals are too small. So we think that would certainly turn on some alternate access. But exactly how fast that ramp comes up is not clear, so it will be something probably short of that. I do think its going to increase. Whether it ends up exactly at Europes level is a good question. Thats probably a reasonable surrogate. You can see that that has been changing over time as transfemoral first seems to be gaining favor.
Joanne Wuensch  BMO Capital Markets: But following up on Danielles question, do you need specific economic data for the TA in the United States in order to help drive that penetration here?
Mike Mussallem: My belief is just based on what we see on a regular basis, that there's an urgent patient need for it. That's the key driver. People that are in either a non-operable situation or in high-risk surgical, if their femoral arteries are too small, there's not much alternative. And although economics are a factor, it's not an overwhelming factor. There is others just that are more human that become involved.
Joanne Wuensch  BMO Capital Markets: Terrific. Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rajeev Jashnani of UBS. Please proceed with your question. Mr. Jashnani, your line is now live.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well -- there it is. Okay.
Rajeev Jashnani  UBS: I apologize. Sorry. Sorry to drag this out a little bit longer. My question had to do with just your thoughts on the US surgically ineligible population. I think there's been a discussion on some of the other factors that are going to help out in the fourth quarter, the clinical units and Cohort 1A. But I know there's not perfect visibility on surgically ineligible patients, but maybe you just put into context what you've learned after seeing 3Q and what you're thinking about that opportunity is as of this point.
Mike Mussallem: Yeah. We don't have a clear data on the number. It's a very vocal group because they're not eligible for surgery and they don't have an alternative and don't have femoral access, and so we know it's a high-profile group. But we don't have clear visibility of just how many there are. We think it's sizable, and I gave you an estimate of what we thought might have happened in the third quarter from that group. So maybe it gives you some kind of sense of what we might expect in the fourth.
Rajeev Jashnani  UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. Thanks, everyone, particularly on this long day. Thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone and may see many of you next week at the PCT. Back to you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates, sales results excluding currency impacts and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, and use passcode 401685. I'll repeat those numbers for you, 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and the passcode is 401685. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  David Erickson  Vice President, Investor-Relations Michael Mussallem  Chief Executive Officer Thomas Abate  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jason Mills  Canaccord Genuity Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank Amit Bhalla  Citigroup Michael Weinstein  JP Morgan Bruce Nudell  Credit Suisse Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital Markets David Roman  Goldman Sachs Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co David Lewis  Morgan Stanley Bob Hopkins  Bank of America Spencer Nam  ThinkEquity
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President and Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading we released our second quarter 2012 financial results. During todays call well discuss the results included in the press release and the accompanying financial schedules and then use remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO and Tom Abate, CFO. Before I turn the call over to Mike, Id like to remind you that during todays call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but arent limited to, our expectations regarding sales and sales growth, gross profit margin, net income growth, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, taxes, free cash flow, diluted share outstanding and foreign currency impacts. These statements also include our current expectations for the timing, status and expected outcomes of our clinical trials, regulatory submissions and approvals and new product introductions as well as expectations regarding market growth and potential impacts of supply interruptions, economic conditions and competitive products. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and our other SEC filings which are available on our website at Edwards.com. Also a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying, excluding the impact of foreign exchange and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise we are referring to our GAAP results. Information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in todays press release. Now Ill turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, David. Even in a challenging economic environment this quarter we reported strong growth in sales driven by the continued success of our US transcatheter heart valve launch. As the number of US safety and procedures grows rapidly were extremely pleased with the continued high procedural success rate being achieved. During the quarter we also cleared two significant milestones, the favorable FDA panel evaluating safety and for high risk surgical patients and the issuance of the final NCD defining US reimbursement. Turning to quarterly results, reported sales grew 12% to $482 million driven by the US launch of SAPIEN. Sales growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange was 16%. With the THV launch, US sales grew 37% and represent a growing proportion of our total sales. In the second quarter surgical heart valve therapy products group sales were $201 million which includes $29 million from Cardiac Surgery Systems. Surgical heart valve sales of $172 million where down 3% or 1% on an underlying basis. The sales trend in the US was comparable to last quarter while sales growth outside the US declined. Globally our pricing remains solid. In the US a competitors product introduction last year continued to impact sales growth this quarter. We expect this impact to diminish in the second half of 2012 as we pass the anniversary of that products introduction. In Europe the ongoing economic conditions in Southern Europe weighed more heavily on our results. In Japan, the ongoing conversion of customers to our newly approved Magna Mitral EASE valve was tempered by the recent approval of a competitors aortic valve. We expect these somewhat offsetting impacts to continue in Japan for the remainder of the year. During the quarter we initiated a voluntary recall outside the US of specific lots of heart valves due to a problem with the package equipment in our European manufacturing facility. The majority of the effective products were still in our possession. We promptly communicated with customers and regulators and supply was not interrupted. And most importantly we are confident this did not impact patient safety. The disposition of the effective inventory resulted in a special charge to cost of goods this quarter. We do not anticipate any additional financial impact. Turning to our cadence and foundation post approval studies of INTUITY, we are currently training centers and expect all of the centers to be enrolling in the fourth quarter. These studies are focused on generating data supporting the patient benefits and health economics of this new procedure compared to traditional open heart surgery. We are very pleased with the pace of enrollment of our TRITON trial, a CE Mark study of our next generation INTUITY system in Europe which features enhancements to both the delivery system and the valve. We continue to expect to complete enrollment this year. We received a CE Mark in May for Magna EASE with GLX, our next generation tissue platform, and are continuing to gain clinical experience. GLX is a proprietary technology designed to provide additional protection for Bovine pericardial tissue by enhancing anti-calcification for improved durability, and ultimately could be applied to our surgical and transcatheter heart valve platforms. We are very excited about our US surgical valve pipeline and pleased to have recently received two conditional IDE approvals from the FDA. First we received clearance to initiate the TRANSFORM trial, a prospective, multi-center study that will evaluate the INTUITY valve system. The transform trial, which is expected to begin enrolling in the third quarter, will be a single arm study that will follow standard heart valve guidance and historical controls. We expect to enroll approximately 650 patients. In June, we received approval to begin an IDE study in the US of our Magna EASE surgical valve using GLX. Like the INTUITY study, the GLX study will also follow standard heart valve guidance and control, and we expect to begin enrollment later this year. Cardiac Surgery Systems sales for the quarter were $29 million, up 6% or 8% on an underlying basis. This quarters growth was driven by strong sales of our MIS product line aided by the US and European launch of our IntraClude aortic occlusion device. We spent much of the quarter upgrading existing customers to this new MIS technology. As expected, late last month we received regulatory approval in the US and Europe for our ProPlege retrograde cardioplegia device designed to protect the heart during aortic and mitral valve MIS procedures. Early clinician feedback from the limited launch has been positive and we plan to broaden the launch in the third quarter. In summary, given our first half performance in the Surgical Heart Valve Therapy product group we now expect to achieve underlying sales growth for the full-year at the low end of our previous 3% to 5% range. Second half growth rates are expected to approve as prior-year comparisons moderate. Turning to transcatheter heart valves, second quarter sales were $146 million, 71% growth or 83% underlying growth over last year driven by the US launch of SAPIEN. Transfemoral systems which represent more than 75% of our global THV sales continue to be lifted by the US commercial ramp which is entirely TF and the launch of our 29mm system in Europe. Outside the US our sales grew 6%. On an underlying basis sales grew 15% which we estimate was also the approximate growth rate of the market. Continued strong growth in Germany was tempered by negative growth in Southern Europe and a sharp decline in procedures in the Netherlands. Product pricing remains stable and we now expect this years market growth in Europe to be 15% to 20%. We received a CE Mark mid-quarter and off to a strong start with our 29mm SAPIEN XT valve with NovaFlex plus transfemoral delivery system. Sales were more than $7 million including approximately $2 million of stocking. Late in the quarter we received a CE Mark for our Ascendra Plus delivery system for both the Transapical and a new transaortic approach. These approvals will provide heart teams in Europe with a even broader array of patient options that are expected to drive stronger growth in the second half. Turning to the US, were very pleased to report robust US sales of $61 million for the quarter. Commercial sales were $53 million with about 25% coming from net stocking units which represents stocking sales less consignment. As we broaden consignment net stocking units are expected to contribute less to sales. So this interest in our SAPIEN program remains very high and with the final NCD release in May, hospitals now have a better understanding of the requirement for becoming a TAVR center. From launch to the end of the second quarter we have trained more than 110 centers and are confident well train 150 to 250 commercial sites by the end of the first year of launch. In June we were very pleased to receive a strong endorsement by the FDA advisory panel recommending approval of our SAPIEN Heart Valve via transfemoral and Transapical delivery for high risk patients. While we hope for a more rapid approval our financial guidance assumes an approval time line for Cohort A that is comparable to the approval time line for Cohort B last year. Upon approval we will use some of our training capacity to rapidly train our existing customers on the Transapical approach. Turning to our US PARTNER II clinical study, which is evaluating our SAPIEN XT technology, were continuing to enroll patients in Cohort A, the surgical arm. We remain on track to complete enrollment by mid-2013. Enrollment in two of the four nested registries of PARTNER II was completed this quarter which contributed to the clinical sales we reported. In Europe were making significant strides with our two important new lower profile transcatheter valve platforms that we believe will enable us to reach more patients and further extend our leadership position. Promising first in human data for CENTERA and SAPIEN 3 were presented at two major meetings during the quarter, and clinician interest is very high. Of note were the results for SAPIEN 3 which demonstrated very high procedural success and an extremely low incidence of paravalvular leak. Turning to our CE Mark trials, enrollment in our clinical study for our repositionable and self-expanding CENTERA valve began in June and we continue to expect trial enrollment for our next generation balloon expandable SAPIEN 3 to begin by year end. In Japan, we remain on track to receive regulatory approval and reimbursement for SAPIEN XP in 2013. In May, we initiated the PROTAVI trial in Europe to study the costs of stroke and evaluate our Embrella device. The initial results of this study should become available by the end of this year. In our THV litigation we continue to expect a decision any time now on Medtronics appeal of the willful infringement verdict against them in 2010. Given the strong second quarter performance we now expect $240 million to $260 million of full-year THV sales in the US. Additionally, we now expect global THV sales in the range of $550 million to $600 million with an underlying growth rate of 80% to 90%. Turning to Critical Care product group, total sales for the quarter were $136 million which included $13 million from vascular products. Within this product group, Critical Care sales were $123 million for the quarter, down 4% or 1% on an underlying basis. Growth of our Advanced Technology Disposable products were offset by both lower sales of hardware in the US and a reduction of distributor inventory in China. Additionally, sales were impacted by approximately $1 million due to a voluntary recall in May of certain lots of Swan-Ganz catheters. These catheters had a lumen that impeded guide wire usage which led to clinician inconvenience but not a patient safety concern. Were pleased to announce that we launched globally our next generation EV1000 monitor at the end of the quarter. This marked the full introduction of this platform in Japan where we expected to have a significant impact. With respect to our glucose program we are completing product validations on our enhanced GlucoClear system and remain on track to receive a CE Mark before the end of the year. Total reported vascular sales which is comprised of our Fogarty products were at $13 million this quarter down slightly from the prior quarter. Given the first half performance we are lowering our full year 2012 underlying sales growth rate in the critical care product group to 2% to 5%. We expect improved performance from advanced monitoring in the second half of the year lifted by the launch of our newest EV1000 platform. And now, Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Abate: Thank you, Mike. This quarter our strong gross profit rate combined with a favorable tax rate allowed us to achieve diluted EPS of $0.57 and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.67. A 37% increase over the prior year. At the same time we increased our R&D investments by 14%. For the quarter our gross profit margin was 73.1% and included an $8 million charge to reflect the estimated cost of our voluntary recalls of Heart Valves and critical care catheters. Excluding the impact of the charge our gross profit margin was 74.8% compared to 70.4% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven by the impact of foreign exchange and favorable product mix primarily driven by the US launch of SAPIEN. For 2012 the continuation of these factors is expected to further strengthen our gross profit margin. For full year 2012 excluding special items we now expect a gross profit margin between 74% and 75%. Second quarter SG&A expenses were $182 million or 37.8% of sales, an increase of 12% over the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by US transcatheter launch related investments. As a percentage of sales SG&A should trend up in the third quarter due to seasonality and decrease to approximately 37% in the fourth quarter. For the full year we are now narrowing the range of expected SG&A to be between 37% and 38% of sales. R&D investments in the quarter grew 14% to $74 million or 15.4% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of investments in PARTNER II, and new product development efforts in our transcatheter valve programs. For full year 2012 with the investments in further clinical studies we now expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 15% and 16%. During the quarter we recorded a $7 million in process R&D charge related to licensing agreements for two development stage technologies. Combined with an $8 million charge impacting our gross profit margin special items this quarter reduced diluted EPS by $0.10. Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 24.6%. While the rate is significantly higher than last year, it is lower than expected as a result of a more favorable regional mix than anticipated. Excluding special items, we expect our rate to be approximately 26% next quarter and drop to approximately 20% in the fourth quarter assuming renewal of the federal R&D tax credit. FX rates negatively impacted second quarter sales by $14 million. Relative to our prior guidance, FX did not have a material impact on earnings in the quarter. Looking forward at current rates, foreign exchange will have an approximate $60 million negative impact to full-year sales compared to last year. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $126 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $147 million, less capital spending of $21 million. For full-year 2012 excluding special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $240 million and $260 million. During the quarter we spent approximately $53 million on share repurchases. For modeling purposes we now project fully diluted shares outstanding to approximately $119 million in 2012. Turning to our balance sheet, we had total cash and cash equivalence and short term investments of $506 million and total debt of $185 million. Short term investments were $202 million representing highly liquid bank timed deposits. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 59 days, a five day improvement from the prior quarter as a result of significant payments received in Spain. Inventory turns were 2.0 compared to the first  were comparable to the first quarter. Turning to our 2012 sales guidance, at current exchange rates for surgical heart valve therapy we now expect sales to be between $775 million and $805 million which includes approximately $115 million of cardiac surgery system sales. In transcatheter hearth valves we now expect sales of $550 million to $600 million. Lastly in critical care we now expect sales of $550 million to $580 million which includes approximately $50 million of vascular sales. Given our updated projections and the recent movement in foreign exchange rates we now expect full year sales of $1.9 billion to $1.97 billion which represents an underlying growth rate of approximately 20%. Excluding special items we now expect diluted EPS of $2.60 to $2.68 and continue to expect full year 2012 net income growth of approximately 30%. For the third quarter we project total sales of $465 million to $485 million and diluted EPS excluding special items to be between $0.57 and $0.61. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Mike.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. We remain on track to deliver strong sales growth and bottom line performance this year even with a challenging global economy. We expect our transcatheter technologies to continue to drive our growth well into the future. Also, we remain enthusiastic about the potential of our robust product pipeline to benefit even more patients and strengthen our leadership position. Before we open it up to questions I want to encourage you to mark your calendars for Tuesday, December 4th where we will be hosting our 2012 Investor Conference at our corporate headquarters here in Irvine, California. This event will include updates on our new technologies as well as our outlook for 2013. More information will be available in the next couple of months. And with that, Ill turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions please re-enter the queue and well answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, were ready for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen at this time we will begin a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Jason Mills from Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Genuity: Thanks, Mike, for taking the question. Congrats on the good quarter in TAVI. Lets start there if you dont mind. Perhaps you could give us a bit more color on the differences in utilization early on between the partner sites and the sites youve been adding. And then reiterating your guidance for number of centers this year  new center adds  as you think about over the next couple of years perhaps refresh our memory as to what you expect in terms of TAVI sites in the next couple of years.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, Jason. Yeah. One of the things to keep in mind  I know its a tough thing to deal with averages and I will make some generalizations but theres a fairly large disparity between accounts, whether its partner sites or the new sites. And so there are some of those that tend to get quite large and others that are smaller. But having said that  its kind of interesting. Weve got quite a bit of balance. Theres still growth in the partner sites. They are strong and growing. And having said that, we got a similar amount of growth probably from our new sites. Theyre ramping up and were getting a significant contribution from them as well. Remember, theres quite a few of those. So were seeing usage ramp on both. In terms of the number of sites, yeah, right now we believe that there are 300 to 400 sites that probably qualify within the NCD. There are others that are interested and are working through the requirements to get there, but thats where we think we are at this point in time and so were pleased on the way the ramp is going.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Genuity: Okay. And then my follow up is in Europe. Obviously youre being impacted by the macro there as well as the currency movements. What do you see as underlying growth in Europe for TAVI for the second half of the year? And with new competition, are you willing to sort of target a bogey for growth in 2013 with the addition of Japan coming at some point next year presumably as well?
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Well lets break it into pieces. First of all, in terms of what we think Europe is going to do, we think Europe might be slightly faster in the second half than it was in the first half. We were estimating overall growth for the year will be somewhere in the 15% to 20% range. And what that is, its lifted by companies like Germany where the growth is strong and pulled down by Southern Europe by comparison. In a place like France we know there are some new sites that have been turned on right on the first of July so that will help lift the growth rate to some extent. Now switching to our performance. Were really not going to give projections at this point in 2013, Jason. Youre correct that there will be new competition but at the same time weve got a robust pipeline, so youre going to have to wait until we get toward the end of the year and we work through our planning process to give estimates.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Genuity: Thanks, Mike. Ill get back in queue.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Let me just start with the gross margin which was obviously very strong in the quarter. Tom, 74% to 75% for full year 2012 and I think you said expanding through the year. Where do you expect to exit in the fourth quarter and how much of that can carry through to 2013?
Thomas Abate: Well you know, Larry, thats a great question. Id say theres a couple of factors that we pointed to both factors continue into the second quarter. So well continue to see an improvement sequentially on product mix. Its almost 50/50 between product mix and foreign exchange is actually going to lift the rate in the second half. In the second quarter it was neutral to the rate but as the rates have worsened and the hedge contracts kick in its actually going to lift. So its partially responsible for the improvement for the full year. And so that portion would be coming and going with hedges. The rest based on product mix is something that we would fully expect to carry into next year.
Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo: Do you expect the gross margin to be higher in 2013 obviously?
Thomas Abate: Than the full year of 2012?
Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo: Yes.
Thomas Abate: Yes.
Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo: And second, Mike, would you be willing to tell us a little bit more about the timing in Japan on the first have of 2013, second half of 2013? And any color around the approval and reimbursement process there? And then Ill drop. Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, thanks, Larry. Yeah, as you know, in our view sales dont pick up appreciably until reimbursement is in place. And reimbursement tends to trail the regulatory approval by up to six months. So a significant amount of time. So I think maybe for modeling purposes if you assume that reimbursement is not in place until the end of 2013 thats probably a fair assumption.
Larry Biegelsen  Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to just go back and clarify Larrys question on gross margins. Tom, I think you had said that the FX was neutral in the second quarter. Was that relative to your expectations set from back in April or are you talking year-over-year?
Thomas Abate: Okay. Thats a great clarification point. Its always going to be in reference to something so FX theres so many different ways to look at it. What I was trying to reflect there is on the quarter rate, the rate in the quarter, theres very little impact. On a year-over-year basis its a very big difference. But it was primary because last year was suppressed. So as close as the quarter were going to see is probably the quarter we just reported in terms of unaffected by foreign exchange. Does that help?
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: Can you maybe just quantify what the year to year impact was just for FX relative to product mix? Was that the 50/50 you were talking about? Or
Thomas Abate: No. Im sorry. Relative to product mix, youd probably say  I think the total was 440 and its probably 60/40, actually leaning, favoring foreign exchange. There was a big difference. There was a big negative hedge impact
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, almost 300 basis points in all of our metrics, yeah.
Thomas Abate: But mix was strong, also.
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Perfect. And then just kind of walking through the US sites. I think you mentioned it earlier in the prepared remarks  Im sorry, I missed it  but how many centers did you say you had up and running as of today? And I think you still reaffirmed the 150 to 250 for the first full-year out?
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, Kristen. We didnt give an update of where we are today; we gave an update at the end of the second quarter and we said at the end of the second quarter, we had trained 110 sites since the approval in November. And we said based on that trend we felt very comfortable with the 150 to 250 being trained by the one-year anniversary.
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And that would be in addition to those that were already up and running as a part of PARTNER I and PARTNER II, correct?
Michael Mussallem: Thats correct.
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just last question just on ASPs, I think you had mentioned that theyre holding up in Europe. Is that true if you look at just pure price and take away the kind of FX component?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. If you take currency out of it our pricing is very stable, very steady in Europe.
Kristen Stewart  Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you very much.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla from Citigroup. Please proceed with your questions.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: I wanted to start with just a question on Europe. Can you clarify the Netherlands  you said there was a sharp fall-off there in valves  and secondly on U.K.  can you give us an update on how the U.K. is ramping with TAVI given the nice approval?
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Yeah. Let me break it into pieces. First of all in the Netherlands. The Netherlands has not had formal reimbursement. We were expecting, and as a matter of fact the clinicians in the Netherlands were expecting that formal approval would occur at the end of Q1. That didnt happen and it looks like it could be substantially postponed. And so were not expecting it this year. As a result, what happened is rather than seeing a lift in the number of procedures in the Netherlands we actually saw a sharp decline. And so thats what happened in the Netherlands, and at the same time, the U.K. is growing significantly. The U.K. I think is growing in the neighborhood of  I dont know  close to 40%, but remember were coming off a small base there.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Okay. Thanks, Mike. And just, I cant imagine Netherland being a big market but can you just give us a rough idea of how big the Netherlands has been for TAVI? And just my quick follow up would be on the 29mm valve. It looks like in the quarter it made up about 10% of your OUS sales. I know its ramping. Where do you think this 29mm valve ends up? Thank you.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. So the Netherlands probably down something like $1.5 million year-over-year if that helps calibrate you in terms of dollars.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Yeah. Thats helpful.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. And the other question, could you say it again please?
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Yeah. The 29mm valve, you said $7 million in revenue in the quarter. Overseas TAVI is about $85 million total so that would be about 9%, 10% of overseas revenue. Where do you think the 29mm valve goes as a percentage of total?
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Were not sure, is the short answer. Remember we only had the 29mm in the TA position and so we know some of the volume moved over from TA to TF. We wouldnt be surprised if its in the 15% range of total as an estimate.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Okay. Thanks, Mike.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein from JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Weinstein  JP Morgan: Thank you. So you have this really strong quarter in SAPIEN sales in the US in particular, and globally its a strong SAPIEN performance, and again you raised your guidance in different elements. But your third quarter guidance is a little bit below consensus and so I was hoping maybe you could spend just a little bit more time on the FX impact as we go into the back half of the year down the P&L. And then second, on the R&D spend, because you are increasing your planned spending on R&D for the year to a higher percentage of sales. Can you just talk about where those dollars are going and how we think about returns on those investments? Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Perfect, Mike. Be happy to get into it. First of all, the Street is high on Q3 and I think its understandable. If you go back to the slides that we presented at our Investor Conference we sort of  we try and show you what normal seasonality is and we showed Q3 trending higher than Q2 and that probably was a good signal to the Street. In fact, when the Cohort A approval got delayed approximately a quarter it really took the Q3 numbers down. And then we adjusted those last quarter but we didnt give specific quarterly guidance and so thats really what happened in Q3. In terms of foreign exchange, I think Tom mentioned we think its going to have about a $60 million impact, so a growing impact based particularly on how much the euro was moved for the year. Because of what you think a pretty effective hedging program we think it will have minimal impact on our bottom line. Itll be small but not significant. To get into R&D a little bit, what youre really seeing ramp up, Mike, are clinical trials. At this point the most substantial of those is the PARTNER II trial and the PARTNER II trial clearly is the most expensive trial that weve won. We still have the post approval studies associated with PARTNER and then weve got trials like PROTAVI going and starting CENTERA and SAPIEN 3. So the accumulation of those certainly takes spending off and that comes up and then starts peaking sort of in Q4, Q1. If thats helpful.
Michael Weinstein  JP Morgan: That is helpful. So, Tom, we were debating whether you said $60 million or not for full year FX. So that equates to 5.5% FX headwind in the second half of the year. But youre indicating that youve got that managed for the second half which means that the benefit to your gross margin line will be greater in the second half than what we saw in the second quarter. Is that right?
Thomas Abate: Thats exactly correct.
Michael Weinstein  JP Morgan: Okay. Any other thoughts...
Thomas Abate: 60 is the full year, Mike. Not just the back half. Okay?
Michael Weinstein  JP Morgan: Yes, I know. Understood. But the math I was doing, Mike, was I was netting out with the impact of the first half of the year to get to the second half and basically it ends up being like 5.5%. Okay?
Thomas Abate: Right.
Michael Weinstein  JP Morgan: Okay. And then we look at Europe and the macro issues in Europe. Are there particular countries, outside of the event that you talked about in the Netherlands, where you have incremental concerns? Either about TAVI reimbursement or about the health of your underlying business recognizing that you called out southern Europe, is as it impacted the full business for Edwards?
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Thanks, Mike, and probably we need to let other people get in line, but overall as we said, Southern Europe is the biggest drag. With Spain not growing and Italy, which is a pretty substantial country, going slightly negative that certainly is a drag on growth rates. And those we believe are prosperity driven. In terms of countries that dont have solid reimbursement in place I think the Netherlands and Belgium sort of stand out at this point in time. We expect them to approve it but what theyve done is sort of make the barriers a little higher here and well work through them. But theyre going slow.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Bruce Nudell  Credit Suisse: Thank you for taking the question. Mike, terrific launch, clearly. The range of sales in Europe is extraordinarily large. I think you commented 310 to 340. With FX thats like for Edwards somewhere in between 4% and 24% constant currency. Really just based on your commentary it really doesnt sound like the low end of that range is even plausible. Could you just give some color around that?
Michael Mussallem: Well, you went through some numbers that we didnt use exactly. You obviously calculated those, Bruce. We tried to give guidance that we think is pretty realistic. And youre right, Europe is a mixed bag. Youve got portions through Europe that just arent growing and other portions that are really growing fast like Germany. I dont know, can you maybe give a more specific question I can answer more clearly, Bruce?
Bruce Nudell  Credit Suisse: Yeah. I guess Im just saying that if you take the US guidance of 240 to 260, subtract it from 510 to 600, or 550 to 600, you wind up with 310 and 340. And that results at the very low end of $310 million. A pretty puny growth rate for Edwards which just doesnt sound very plausible.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Well, again, I think our believe here is that we should do even better in the second half of the year than we do in the first half of the year. So depending on how youre using those ranges whether you take the top one range and apply it to the bottom of the other, I dont know. You can decide how you want to spread the ranges and the risk around. But overall in Europe we think the second half will be better than the first half because of the introductions of the 29mm TF and the Ascendra Plus system.
Bruce Nudell  Credit Suisse: Perfect. And just the other question. As we looked at the market again, and if you could just comment on this, is that the issue of bicuspid valves is something we really didnt consider very much. I know its not an absolute contraindication but theres some evidence thats its a reasonably prevalent condition among people lets say under 75 who get aortic stenosis surgery. Whats your view on where TAVI is with regards to these bicuspid valves?
Michael Mussallem: Whether its applicable for bicuspid valves? Yeah, its a congenital condition. So its not a big one. Its also, I would say, not a true contraindication. We have a limited amount of experience there so we probably cant say anything meaningful about how well TAVI works in bicuspid valve. So thats probably where we are right now. Its probably not a big driver of numbers in our future. Im sure well collect data on that and well get a view through things like the TVT registry and some of the registries in Europe. So Itll be helpful. Ultimately I think theres no reason to believe we shouldnt be able to treat those. We just lack data today.
Bruce Nudell  Credit Suisse: Thanks so much.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Good afternoon, guys.
Michael Mussallem: Hiya, Glenn.
Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital Markets: Hey. I had a question on the surgical valve business particularly in the US. It looks like the US came in a little bit lighter again, and Mike, I know you cited competition. But I was wondering, has there been any benefit yet from the SAPIEN pull-through? In other words, patients coming in for SAPIEN not eligible and then going off to surgery? And if there hasnt been a benefit yet, when should we expect to see it? And then just a quick question on some of these early development stage products that you acquired in the quarter. Anything material, anything you can share with us? That would be great. Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, Glenn. Yeah. In the quarter, probably the US might have been ever so slightly better a trend than it was in the first quarter but were still suffering from the fact that we havent anniversaried on the competitors valve. Wed like to think that we ultimately get a lift out of the transcatheter sites but its still early, I think is the short answer to the question. Remember we said wed trained 110 new sites and the surgical valve business treats  I dont know  we probably sell to 1,100 sites. So you can picture that theres more people that certainly that we are selling to that dont have transcatheters than do. So were going to look for that in the future. One thing for sure, we think that Edwards benefits. The combination of transcatheter heart valves plus our surgical heart valves certainly lift. In terms of the deals that we talked about, were not going into extraordinary detail but a couple of things; one relates to some tissue technology, particularly intellectual property we acquired, and the other is of some pretty interesting accessories for MIS for minimally invasive surgery.
Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks for answering my question.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
David Roman  Goldman Sachs: Thank you and good evening. Mike, I was hoping youd talk in a little bit more detail about the impact the NCDs issuance in early May might have had on your ability to open centers and how that potentially accelerated centers? I dont know if youre willing to offer any more color. I think at the end of last quarter you had said that you had trained 60 centers on the April 24th call. As of the end of Q1, I think the number you quoted today was 110. So of those 50, how much did the NCD help? And then maybe if you could characterize what thats done to your training backlog or your pull-through rate and how that influences the balance of the year?
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, thanks. Ill see if I can provide a little bit of color. Although we said it certainly provided clarity and probably gave some people confidence it also would have probably placed the hurdle out there for other people that became an obstacle. So, overall we probably could have trained a few more sites than we did. We have the capability of probably training more than 20 in a month and you can  I think your math is correct that we did around 50 in the quarter. So the NCD helped existing sites. It took a lot of uncertainty out and its clarified things a lot. But it also for others it gave them a clear target that they have to achieve. The one portion of the NCD that people are probably most targeted at trying to achieve is the structural heart requirements. Thats a little confusing because to some sites. We still dont believe the big picture. Theres 300 to 400 sites that probably meet these requirements.
David Roman  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then one of the things that you referenced in your prepared remarks was I think you said something like extraordinarily low rates of procedure complications or can you maybe just talk about what youre seeing in terms of complication rates and obviously your training program being fairly extensive. How successful has that been in keeping the complication rates to a minimum relative to your expectations?
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. You know were able to measure is the procedural success rate and were actually able to be at all these early procedures our self and so we feel just great that the training is very effective. Youll remember us talking in the past about the fact we actually incent our sales force on procedural success rate, so its really paying off. All that investment that we put up front to make sure that we have great training and a great team that was well trained was great. And so rather than trying and quoting exact numbers, David, Ill just say that its going as well if not better than any of our prior experience.
David Roman  Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then, lastly for Tom, on the tax rate. I was a little bit surprised given the US starting to comprise a larger and larger percentage of revenue, the tax rate actually would be going up. Can you maybe just talk about the dynamics that are driving the tax rate in fact lower and then how we should think about that on a sustainable basis particularly assuming that the US over time is going to become a larger and larger piece of your business?
Thomas Abate: Yeah, youre absolutely right. Its somewhat counterintuitive, but we try to be clear here, David, that the rate is actually higher than last year. All right? And the projection is that its going to be a couple hundred, 250 basis points probably higher than last year. So its clearly being impacted by the US profitability it just wasnt has high. Our model was probably conservative a little bit on where the sourcing was happening. So keep in mind that when I have to make an adjustment in midyear what were doing is the adjustment looks bigger than it actually is because it has to be a retroactive effect. So Im adjusting two quarters within one. So you pretty much cut the difference in half and its not that big of a difference and I would attribute it to the model, difference in the model that I was using.
David Roman  Goldman Sachs:  Okay, got it. Thank you.
Thomas Abate: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Hi. Good afternoon. Say, Mike, last quarter on European TAVI growth for the year you were expecting 20% to 25% now its 15% to 20%. Other than the Netherlands and the euro is there anything else contributing to the slight adjustment there?
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, Tom. Good question. Yeah, really the euro wasnt in there. When we try and get those growth rates we try and do what on constant currency so we really do  we did change what we bought. We thought Europe was growing 20% to 25% or we thought that would be the growth rate for 2012 and now we think 15% to 20%. We think theres two pieces of that, that are somewhat similar. One is this sharp drop in the Netherlands. And part of it was the drop in the Netherlands and also that we thought it was going to rise. We thought that you actually might see an extra 100 procedures per quarter that happened in the Netherlands and thats obviously not going to happen. Instead, we saw the decline. But the other part of this  we probably saw a little further softening in Southern Europe. A little more. We thought it would probably, it would have bottomed, but there still looks like there is a bit more further softening, Tom.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thanks. And then, Tom, on guidance for Q3 the revenues are almost the same with a little slack there as Q2 but earnings a little bit lower. Other than just the revenue delta can you break out what contributes to the difference between similar revenues with different earnings sequentially?
Thomas Abate: Yeah. Id say I dont see  you know, in our models and looking back to check in the revenue I have a bit less revenue on the one hand than you may have. I think they see the rates looking pretty similar. What typically happens is the SG&A is a percentage in that quarter because of the lower sales, but youre saying youre not getting that. But obviously in a higher SG&A percentage and the rest is pretty even.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Tax rate. And is SG&A a little higher in total dollars sequentially?
Thomas Abate: Percentage we usually refer to. And tax rate, tax rate a little bit higher. Remember, Thomas, that I had took a full half year of quarter adjustment in the quarter so were trying to get to a full year rate. So if you look at the first half rate, itll give a better estimate of what were running at in the third quarter.
Tom Gunderson  Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Thomas Abate: Okay.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy from Jefferies & Co. Please proceed with you question.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co: Oh hi, good afternoon, guys.
Michael Mussallem: Hi, Raj.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co: What if I could ask about some of the information thats come out over the several months on perivalvular leakage and some of the data out of Europe suggesting that balloon expandable valves might have a lower rate of leakage than self expanding. Im curious what your thoughts are around that and whether you think ultimately, that could prove to be a competitive advantage for you, particularly in Europe.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, you know the fact that there was a correlation between perivalvular leak, I think we all found interesting and we, being a surgical valve company, weve always been focused on trying to get zero leaks with transcatheter heart valves. There probably the most fortunate thing for us is the approach that we had all previously taken on SAPIEN 3, which was really designed to have a dramatic improvement on perivalvular leak. We still know that it correlates. We dont know that its causal and I dont know if theres good data thats out there, Raj, that really gives you detailed information on self expanding valves versus balloon expandable. We like to think so, but we dont have the comparable data on the self expanding to be able to make that comparison cleanly.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co: So I guess, net, you dont think theres going to be much impact in terms of market shares in Europe, for instance?
Michael Mussallem: Well, I think ultimately therell be data thatll be out there. Theres much more 3D imaging thats going on. I think theres much better sizing going on than ever before, and much more use of CT scan. So I think ultimately the story will be told, but I dont know that theres anything thats really playing out in the present thats going to be that stark in comparison.
Raj Denhoy  Jefferies & Co: Okay, and then if I could ask about physician reimbursement here in the United States. I guess the CBT code is still being worked on for next year. Do you have any current thoughts around what that updated code could mean for you? And also really how physician reimbursement is being worked right now in the United States. How are you seeing centers deal with splitting various reimbursements among various clinicians right now?
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, Ill give you my best estimate, Raj. And again, we need to give other people a chance. Right now whats going on is highly variable, depending on the center. Many centers sort of work in teams. They take the income and they split it up amongst the clinicians. I cant tell you that every center is doing that. We believe that the direction the CBT codes are going in is that they should be fair. Theres a process that goes on and we think that recommendation which we understand as a pretty fair one has gone to CMS. They often adopt those recommendations. Not every time, but they often and generally do. So if it goes the way that its been teed up, we think it should be a fair reimbursement. And we think that would be welcome.There is variability out there in terms of how some of the regions are paying on CBT codes. There are some that fully pay and others that we even know one or two places where they actually dont pay and theyre in arrears and they have to catch up at some point in time. So its still messy in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon.
Michael Mussallem: Hi, David.
Thomas Abate: Hi, David.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Hey, Mike, I had a strategic question for you. As Edwards sort of transitions from more of the clinical milestones where youve been successful into more execution, I wonder if you could sort of help us understand how youre thinking about the top line growth versus leverage. And specifically its hard to argue with the gross margins in the quarter. And obviously with better mix those margins probably trend higher. But R&D was obviously the highest weve seen in the company. And I wonder if you can just sort of talk about when do you think that leverage inflection occurs in the business. And based on the R&D programs youd be sort of comfortable at this point saying that something around 15% probably does represent a peak for R&D spending at the company.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, David. I think I know where youre going, but lets talk about it strategically. Were not sure theres any substitute for driving great sales growth. Although we, like you, want to see real leverage come through the P&L, we wouldnt want to do that at the expense of sales growth. And so we always try and strike that balance where we think we can have really bright innovations that change the way medicines practice so we can get rewarded for it. We obviously opt for that. What  your point specifically, when are you going to see leverage, we think youre already seeing some of that leverage. And I think that starts continuing. Weve made a large investment in launching in the US. And although well make continuous investments in the US, particularly on the SG&A line, the sales are going to grow faster than the SG&A expenses, which is the largest proportion of our expense base. It shouldve caused our operating margin to rise. As you correctly see here with this quarter here is that the R&D rate has risen. And I think this is just the byproduct of what it takes to really make future sales a reality. It requires clinical studies and thats not cheap. In terms of the high watermark, I actually think that this rate that we gave for full year to be between 15% and 16%, I dont know whether thats going to continue next year or not. It may be the high watermark. I hope so. With the way we expect to grow sales it should be that. But were not going to hesitate to make the clinical investments that we need to, David, to drive the top line.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Great sir, very clear, just the second really quick question. We talked a lot about European pressure but you talked about a little bit of critical care pressure in the US in the release but not so much on the call. Was there any second quarter capital pressure in your critical business and could we see that potentially rebound in the back half of the year if, when a lot of companies have reported in the second quarter was really more of a delayed capital purchasing. I wonder if you think that will come back in the back half.
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. We did see our growth rate in capital decline in Critical Care. Its not as though the environment really dried up; part of it is the prior-year comparison. We had just launched EV1000 and we were in the middle of that and so we did quite well in Q2 2011. So some of that was the decline, its just a tough comparison, David. I like to think that the climate is good enough for us to be able to do better in terms of growth rate on hardware going forward, especially with our new EV1000. Again, were not exactly the same as some of the big box guys because our hardware is not nearly as expensive as a robot or an MRI, but we still get affected by some of the similar trends.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you very much.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America: Hi. Thanks. Can you hear me okay?
Michael Mussallem: Sure, Bob.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America: Great. Good afternoon. Just two quick questions, one a little bit in the weeds and then one a little bit bigger picture. Last quarter as it related to your US TAVI sales you were kind enough to break down the $41 million and I think you said in terms of commercial revenues it was roughly $24 million and stocking revenues $10 million and then trial revenue about $7 million and I was wondering if youd be willing to do the same thing here for Q2.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Well, lets see. We said overall  youre talking about US in particular?
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America: Yeah. So again, the US breakdown of that $61.4 million.
Michael Mussallem: We said $61 million in the quarter. Commercial was $53 million. So that pretty much, that gets you to what the clinical was; thats $8 million. And then we said of the $53 million, 25% were net stocking units. And net stocking units get pretty easy this quarter because consignment was pretty much negligible. Okay? One, it was about a million dollars. Okay? So you can pretty much get yourself there, huh?
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America: Yep. And then you trained 50 centers. Is that roughly the pace we should expect for Q3, Q4?
Michael Mussallem: I think so. The one thing that changes there is the fact that when we get the approval for Cohort A were going to need to train all the existing centers again and thats going to be a formal training. Well actually bring people into our training center. It wont take two days like it does today. Its more like a one-day training, but it will consume some of that training capacity. So thats the one thing we wanted to alert you to.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America: Great. And then lastly on gross margins, just a little bit bigger picture, cause right now currency and product mix, but as we think longer term about gross margin, now that youre kind of into the US launch and obviously annualizing at a really nice rate right now. In your view would it be a mistake to suggest that Edwards thinking out longer term? And Im not talking about 2013, Im just thinking about longer term, that this cant be a 78% to 80% gross margin company?
Michael Mussallem: I hesitate to get out in front of ourselves. The Valve business by itself is profitable, and it does have a chance to certainly lift our gross margins, but I think its premature to talk about those numbers at this point.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America: Okay. And then on the Analyst Day, are you going to be giving longer-term? How long-term guidance are you going to be providing?
Michael Mussallem: Thats a good question. What do you think we should do?
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America: The next five years.
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Thanks for your input, Bob.
Bob Hopkins  Bank of America: Thanks, guys.
Michael Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: We have time for one last question. Our last question comes from the line of Spencer Nam from ThinkEquity. Please proceed with your question.
Spencer Nam  ThinkEquity: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So I just have one question. There were a lot of discussions at the beginning of the year based on some data points that myself and peers, my peer analysts have gathered suggesting that the adoption, particularly just with Cohort B, maybe a lot slower than you guys had outlined. But it seems like you are actually blowing numbers away, at least the first couple of quarters. And also just based on the way you guys are guiding, you guys also are adjusting some of those numbers yourselves, or the parameters yourselves. Were just curious what things that you are learning as you launch the product, what are some of the things that you are learning that you had not seen prior to this year? And then what are some of the things that we should be thinking about as we try to model this more properly?
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. Its a good question. The one big question that was out there, Spencer, thats always hard to understand is how many patients are on the sideline that were not being treated? And thats what weve really learned. We had some experience in Europe, but we didnt  when we started Europe we didnt have this kind of experience. We didnt have a randomized trial under our belt. We didnt have this full reimbursement that was pretty well defined. So to have all those pieces in place, what were seeing here are these untreated patients are coming in. Theyre coming in a big way and because procedure results are so good, theyre getting pretty dramatic results, which gets physicians excited. And so its driving real enthusiasm, which I think does help with the referral network. So what were  what weve basically saw is probably patients that either were just too sick or wouldnt even think about surgery in the past are coming and getting treated. And thats probably the biggest learning.
Spencer Nam  ThinkEquity: Thank you.
Michael Mussallem: All right. Thanks very much, all, for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. I yield back to you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on todays call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in todays press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at Edwards.com. If you missed any portion of todays call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, use account number 2995 and passcode 396813. Let me repeat those numbers. 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415; the account number is 2995 and the passcode is 396813. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson - VP, IR Michael Mussallem - CEO Thomas Abate - CFO
Analysts: Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Amit Balla - Citigroup Raj Denhoy - Jefferies & Co.  Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo David Roman - Goldman Sachs Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan Jason Mills - Canaccord Spencer Nam - ThinkEquity David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporations first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, vice president of investor relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our first quarter 2012 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales and sales growth, gross profit margin, net income growth, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, tax rates and free cash flow, diluted shares outstanding, foreign currency impacts, operating margin, and other financial expectations, including our assumptions regarding the timing and extent of the additional U.S. approvals, launches, and reimbursement for the SAPIEN Transcatheter Heart Valve. These statements also include our current expectations for regulatory submissions and approvals related to a variety of new products and indications in the U.S., Europe, and Japan, as well as the timing, status, and expected outcomes of new or currently ongoing clinical trials; the expected impact, benefits of, and market potential for new product introductions; expectations regarding market growth; and potential impacts of economic conditions and competitive products. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release.  Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike? 
Michael Mussallem: Thank you David. This quarter was highlighted by an impressive first quarter of SAPIEN commercialization in the United States. Additionally, were pleased that the growing body of longer-term evidence further supports the Edwards SAPIEN transcatheter valve as an important therapy. And, with a scheduled FDA panel for cohort A and our approaching national coverage decision, the near term U.S. transcatheter opportunity will become more clear.  At the same time, given current dynamics, which well discuss shortly, we are tempering the full year forecast for THV sales. And although we are lowering our overall 2012 expectations, excluding special items, we continue to expect underlying sales growth to be approximately 20% and earnings per share growth of 30%. Before turning to the quarterly results, as a reminder, this year weve begun reporting sales in three new product groups: surgical heart valve therapy, which combines surgical heart valves and cardiac surgery systems; transcatheter heart valves and critical care, which includes vascular.  Reported sales grew 14% to $459 million, primarily driven by the U.S. launch of SAPIEN. On an underlying sales basis, they grew 13%. Sales outside the U.S. grew 7% on a regular basis, and represent approximately 60% of total sales.  For the first quarter, the surgical heart valve therapy product group grew 3% to $204 million, which included $28 million from cardiac surgery systems. Within this product group, surgical heart valves grew 2% over last year. Outside the U.S., our surgical heart valves grew 7%, driven primarily by penetration of our premium products in Europe and Japan.  Product pricing remains stable in each region. However, strong growth in emerging markets changed the country mix, which slightly lowered our overall global average price. In the U.S., the continued impact of a competitors product introduction last year led to a modest decline in surgical heart valve sales this quarter. In the second half of 2012, we expect the impact to diminish as the competitive introduction annualizes.  In Europe, we believe we gained share through the growth of our premium products. In Japan, were pleased that our Magna Mitral Ease valve was approved in the first quarter, and customers are actively converting to this state-of-the-art mitral valve. Recently, a competitor received an earlier than expected approval of an aortic pericardial valve. We expect these impacts in Japan to be somewhat offsetting for the remainder of the year. We continue to make good progress on our pipeline and are excited about the promise of these technologies. As previously announced, during the quarter we received CE mark for our Edwards INTUITY rapid deployment aortic valve system. As expected, we are initiating our CADENCE and Foundation European post-approval studies focused on the patient benefits and health economics of this new procedure compared to traditional open heart surgery. With this focus on clinical studies, we expect the INTUITY revenue contribution in 2012 to be modest, and to begin contributing to growth next year.  Additionally, in Europe, we are enrolling in TRITON II, a clinical study of our next-generation INTUITY system, which features enhancements to both the delivery system and the valve. And for our next-generation tissue technology, GLX, we now expect to receive a CE mark in the second quarter of this year.  In the U.S., we continue to expect an IDE approval by mid-year for an INTUITY clinical trial called Transform. At the upcoming AATS meeting, we expect several data presentations on Edwards innovations, including updated data from our TRITON European clinical trial for INTUITY. Cardiac surgery system sales for the quarter were $20 million, up 5% on a reported basis, and an underlying basis. This growth was driven by our MIS portfolio and our base cannula products. As planned, in the first quarter, we initiated a limited launch of our IntraClude aortic occlusion device, which is designed to facilitate MIS mitral valve surgery. Initial feedback has been positive, and we expect to broaden the launch in the second quarter. Our ProPlege retrograde cardioplegia device, designed to protect the heart during an MIS procedure, is on track for a limited launch later in the second quarter. In summary, for 2012, we continue to expect to achieve underlying sales growth of 3-5% in the surgical heart valve therapy product group, driven by continued momentum of our newest products. Turning to transcatheter heart valves, first quarter sales were $122 million, a 67% growth rate over last year, driven by the U.S. launch of SAPIEN, with sales of $41 million. Outside the U.S., underlying sales grew 20%, and were somewhat tempered by market dynamics in Europe and the $2-3 million in 29 mm stocking orders last year. Overall, pricing remains stable. Transfemoral systems represented approximately 70% of our global sales, lifted by the U.S. commercial ramp, which is entirely transfemoral.  Our growth in southern Europe was negative again this quarter, driven primarily by economic conditions. While were not predicting an economic improvement in 2012, we do expect our new product introductions to turn growth positive in the second half. And even with the economic conditions in southern Europe, we anticipate Europe will grow at a robust rate of 20-25% this year. With the anticipated mid-year launch of our 29 mm SAPIEN XT for transfemoral delivery, we expect to gain additional share. Were also look forward to the planned mid-year launch of Ascendra Plus, which gives us an improved transapical delivery and expected indication for transaortic delivery. We are the clear market share leader in Europe in transcatheter heart valves, and with these new product introductions we expect to strengthen our position.  There have been some recent developments with European reimbursement. In France, the expected expansion in the number of hospitals approved to perform TAVR procedures was delayed. On a positive note, new guidance was issued in late March by the NHS in the U.K., which now recommends the use of TAVI for inoperable patients. Were already seeing the positive effects of this decision. Turning to the U.S., were very pleased to report that the total U.S. sales for our first full quarter of launch was $41 million, which included approximately $7 million of clinical sales. Of the $34 million in commercial sales, reorders, driven by higher than expected procedure volume, drove results, with only about 30% coming from stocking units. Since the November launch, weve trained approximately 60 centers. Reimbursement uncertainty has caused some centers to postpone their training and others to delay procedures. However, physician and hospital interest in our SAPIEN program remains very high, and we still expect to train 150-250 new commercial sites in the first 12 months. As weve previously stated, maintaining a high level of acute procedural success is our first priority, and continues to drive the pace of our SAPIEN rollout. We are very pleased with the high success rate that has been achieved. In early February, CMS issued a draft proposal for its National Coverage Analysis for TAVR, and we submitted a formal response in early March. We continue to expect CMS to announce its final NCD in early May. Were pleased that the majority of regional Medicare contractors have continued to reimburse SAPIEN procedures on a case-by-case basis. Recently, new CPT physician payment codes for transcatheter valve procedures were approved, which becomes effective in January of 2013. Its worth noting that these new codes will include additional reimbursement in recognition of the importance of having more than one physician in these procedures. At ACC last month, data from the high-risk cohort A of the PARTNER trial were presented, and concurrently published in the New England Journal of Medicine. The authors concluded that the two-year follow up supports the use of TAVR as an alternative to surgery in selected high-risk patients with aortic stenosis. As we announced a few weeks ago, the FDA advisory panel for cohort A is scheduled for June 13. We had assumed an earlier panel date, and while were disappointed by this one quarter delay, we are working constructively with the FDA. We remain confident that the advisory panel will acknowledge that the trial results clearly demonstrate the benefits of both TA and TF as less-invasive treatment options for high-risk surgical patients. Turning to our PARTNER II clinical study, which is evaluating our SAPIEN XT technology, we are in the follow up phase of cohort B, which studies inoperable patients and continue to plan for a U.S. approval in 2014. Cohort A, the surgical arm, is studying up to 2000 patients with a lower risk profile than those in the PARTNER trial. Enrollment is well underway at approximately 25 centers, and we still expect to complete enrollment in 2013.  In Europe, we continue to anticipate starting clinical trials in 2012 for two important new transcatheter valve platforms that we believe will enable us to reach more patients and further extend our leadership position. SAPIEN III is our next-generation balloon expandable valve that builds on all our knowledge and experience, and includes a unique feature designed to reduce perivalvular leak. CENTERA, our repositionable self-expanding valve, features a motorized delivery system designed for a stable deployment and single operator use. The most notable aspect of both systems is that they are low profile and delivered through a 14-French e-sheath. Early first-in-human experiences on SAPIEN III and CENTERA are scheduled to be presented next month at EuroPCR. Also at that conference, contemporary 30-day SAPIEN XT data will be presented from over 2,000 patients whose enrollment was completed late last year. In Japan, we remain on track for an expected regulatory approval of SAPIEN XT in 2013.  We are initiating our pro-TAVI trial to study the causes of stroke and evaluate our umbrella device and expect to begin enrolling in the second quarter. The results of this study should become available later this year, and could support a 510k for umbrella in the U.S. With respect to our THV patent litigation with Medtronic Core Valve, we continue to expect a decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals by mid-2012. In summary, for 2012 we are lowering the range of our expected overall THV sales by $30 million. There are three components to this change, including the one-quarter delay in the expected approval of SAPIEN for high-risk surgical patients in the U.S., the market dynamics in Europe, and the effect of current foreign exchange rates. We now expect $200-240 million of clinical and commercial sales in the U.S. The stronger procedural growth we are currently experiencing is expected to somewhat offset the anticipated one-quarter delay for the cohort A approval. For the full year, we now expect THV sales in the range of $530-600 million, and an underlying growth rate over last year that is likely to exceed 70%. Turning to the critical care product group, total sales for the quarter were $134 million, which included $12 million from vascular products. Within the product group, critical care sales were $122 million for the quarter, up 1% on a reported basis. More than $4 million of discontinued product reduced growth by about 4%. Sales growth in the first quarter was driven by advanced monitoring products in Europe and the U.S., offset by the discontinued products and the strong prior year results in Japan. Our newest products, EV 1000 and Volume View, continue to gain acceptance. We look forward to introducing the next generation globally in mid-2012, particularly in Japan, where we expect these products to have significant impact. With respect to our glucose program, in the first quarter we completed the first phase of our GlucoClear clinical evaluation in Europe, and we are encouraged by the accuracy results and positive clinician feedback. We continue to expect a CE mark before the end of 2012 on an enhanced system. Total reported vascular sales, which is comprised of our Fogarty products, were $13 million this quarter, down slightly from the prior year. For 2012, we continue to expect full year underlying sales growth for the critical care product group of 5-8%, with important contributions from Asia and the launch of our next-generation EV 1000 platform. And now Ill turn the call over to Tom. 
Thomas Abate: Thanks Mike. This quarter, our strong sales performance, driven by the U.S. launch of SAPIEN, allowed us to achieve diluted EPS of $0.55 and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.53, which exceeded the top end of our guidance.  With significant transcatheter investments and SG&A already in place, we expect our operating margin to improve significantly as sales rise. However, as Mike mentioned, due to a number of factors, we have reduced our full year projected sales for transcatheter valves, which is the driver of our $0.12 reduction to full year estimated diluted EPS. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 72.3%, compared to 71.1% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven primarily by a more profitable product mix. For 2012, we continue to expect our gross profit margin to build throughout the year as THV sales grow. For full year 2012, excluding special items, our guidance remains between 73% and 75%.  First quarter SG&A expenses were $177 million, or 38.6% of sales, an increase of 18% over the past year. This increase was driven primarily by U.S. transcatheter launch-related investments. We continue to expect SG&A to be between 36% and 39% of sales for the full year. As a percentage of sales, SG&A should trend down during the year. R&D investments in the quarter grew 16% to $69 million, or 15% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in clinical studies and new product development efforts in our transcatheter valve program. For the full year 2012, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 14% and 15%.  Our reported tax rate for the quarter was 23.9%, lower than expected due to the release of reserves related to a pending settlement. Without the specific benefit, our rate was 26.6%. Excluding special items, we expect our rate to be approximately 27% for the next two quarters, and drop to approximately 22% in the fourth quarter, due to our anticipation of the federal R&D tax credit renewal. FX rates did not have a material effect on either sales or earnings in the quarter. Looking forward, if rates remain unchanged, the picture changes substantially, resulting in a $45 million negative impact to full year sales compared to last year. Free cash flow used during the quarter was $49 million. We define this as cash flow used in operating activities of $31 million, plus capital spending of $18 million. While its not unusual for our first quarter cash flow to be negligible, this quarters outflow resulted primarily from $38 million of anticipated annual excess tax benefits from stock plans, which was fully recorded in our first quarter. For full year 2012, excluding special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $240 million and $260 million.  During the quarter, we spent approximately $100 million on share repurchases, which includes $54 million for an accelerated share repurchase program. We received approximately 80% of the shares under this program in the first quarter, and will receive the balance in the second. For modeling purposes, we now project fully diluted shares outstanding to be 118 million in 2012. Turning to our balance sheet, we had total cash and cash equivalents and short term investments of $410 million, and total debt of $179 million. Short term investments were $196 million, and represent highly liquid bank timed deposits.  Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 65 days, consistent with the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 1.9, a small increase from the prior quarter. Turning to our 2012 sales guidance, at current exchange rates, for surgical heart valve therapy we continue to expect sales to be between $800 million and $830 million, which includes approximately $115 million of cardiac surgery system sales. In transcatheter heart valves, we now expect sales of $530 million to $600 million. Lastly, in critical care, we now expect sales at the bottom of the $580 million to $610 million range, which includes approximately $50 million of vascular sales. We now expect full year total sales at the low end of our original range of $1.95 billion to $2.05 billion. Excluding special items, we now expect full year 2012 net income growth of approximately 30% and diluted EPS of $2.58 to $2.68. For the second quarter 2012, we project total sales of $470 million to $500 million, and second quarter diluted EPS, excluding special items, to be between $0.64 and $0.68. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Mike.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Tom. As we continue to expand our U.S. introduction and make progress toward the completion of several notable upcoming milestones, we remain as optimistic as ever about the long term growth opportunity represented by transcatheter valves. Nearly every day we are reminded just how impactful our SAPIEN technology is to patients suffering from severe aortic stenosis. More broadly, we believe it is our focus on innovation to address unmet patient needs that continues to create value for all of our stakeholders.  With that, Ill turn the call back over to David. 
David Erickson: Thank you Mike. In order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and well answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, were ready for questions please. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell from Crdit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. 
Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse: Mike, could you just talk qualitatively about the level of enthusiasm - you know, hospitals have to invest $3-5 million to build a hybrid cath lab. Could you just talk about qualitatively your level of interest in making that sort of investment? And I have a follow up.
Michael Mussallem: Well, the level of enthusiasm continues to be very high from hospitals. I think it would be an exaggeration to say that every hospital that starts a transcatheter program needs to build a hybrid OR. They dont necessarily have to do that. They could upgrade a cath lab if they can get sufficient air turns and so forth. So theres other ways of getting there more economically. Many hospitals do step up and go for the hybrid, though, Bruce. 
Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse: And a follow up, Mike. The one thing that was very striking to me at ACC was the association between perivalvular leak and excess mortality. I think it was like 15% if there was any present. You know, they didnt prove causality, but how important does your team feel that reducing the rate of perivalvular leak from 50% of the patients with at least some sign of it, how much of an impact could that have on outcomes going forward? 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, that was a very thoughtful question, Bruce. Youre right, the causality has not be demonstrated, but its certainly caught the attention of physicians. We know theyre very focused on reducing the leak, because of the possibility that it might be related. So we see more emphasis on that than ever. We see people are really focused on sizing. Theyre using CT more often. Theyre doing more reballooning. They may even be starting to drift toward larger sizes a little bit more. So its just sort of a head nod to the way clinicians are reacting to that effect.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question. 
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: First question is on NCD, Mike, or the NCA, whichever. The tracking statement online still says May 2nd. You said early May. Do you see any reason why it wouldnt be May 2nd? And also, related to that, has there been any change in the reimbursement amount tracking to the same DRGs that weve known for a while? 
Michael Mussallem: No, I dont know any reason to believe that it wont be May 2nd. We think that that is clearly where theyre headed. And in terms of the amount that its tracking to, Im not aware of any change to the amount. It continues to track to the high-risk surgical aortic valve replacement. 
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: And then, related to that is that youve mentioned that some of the new startups have postponed because of confusion on reimbursement, and Ive talked to some existing hospitals that feel as though theyre holding back on patients. Do you expect, and are you ready for, a bolus of patients that might come through after CMS makes its final decision? 
Michael Mussallem: You know, were not sure exactly how thats going to work out, Tom. Even once that NCD is out, its going to need to be interpreted by the local providers and I understand that actually instructions come sometime after the NCD is out, a matter of weeks later. And so I dont know that this will be a step function, but rather something that sorts out over a period of time. Some sites did indeed delay, and others basically came in and filled their plate. So for people that stepped out of line, theres a pretty good queue of people that stepped in behind them. So most of our slots got filled.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: Just a couple on the guidance. First, Tom, on profitability. Did I hear you correctly that the reduction in EPS of roughly $0.12 is primarily related to that $30 million reduction in your TAVI assumptions? 
Thomas Abate: Yes, you did, Bob. Its not entirely, but its primarily. 
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: So that gives us a little glimpse into incremental profitability. That would suggest an incremental margin on TAVI of about 65% if my math is correct, unless Im doing something incorrectly there. 
Thomas Abate: Well, theres a few moving parts there, and thats where Id say you probably dont want to draw too much from that analysis. I think its an indication but there are other things in there that could throw you off. 
Michael Mussallem: I think its worth noting, Bob, for example, theres expenses that also track along with that. For example, the training expense and so forth, if those dont come on as soon. 
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: Right, and Im just trying to get a sense for, as you move forward and grow this business, the incremental profitability that gets layered on as you grow across a more and more fixed cost base. Its just an impressive look at profitability here is the point. And then the second question is just on what happened in the quarter. Just want to make sure Ive got the breakdown correctly for U.S. So you did $41 million in sales. I think you said $7 million of that was related to trial revenues, leaving $34 for clinical. And then I think you said about $10 million was related to stocking, and $24 million related to implants. Is that correct? 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah. 
Thomas Abate: It comes out about that way. I think, what did we say, 30%? 
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: Okay, and so my question is in the new centers, the 60 new centers, can you give us a sense as to the implant trends that youre seeing as those new centers come on in terms of, you know, whats the average number of implants youre seeing on a weekly or monthly basis among those new centers? And then related to that, it looks like youre lowering the midpoint of the U.S. guidance by about $10 million. And yet I would calculate that the delay in PARTNER A would have reduced U.S. guidance by more like $20 million or $30 million, so is the delta there that just the other stuff is going much better than you thought in terms of implant rates, and thats why the reduction is really only $10 million? 
Michael Mussallem: The first one here, about the averages, thats not that helpful, because its pretty highly variable at this point in time. The experienced centers, those that have well developed networks and referral patterns, they have the ability to do a lot of cases. The new centers - and when we gave this number of centers that were trained, the 60, that meant that theyve been through our fundamentals training, and so in some cases the centers literally had no implants in the quarter. And so averages dont become very meaningful. Were in this time where theres a pretty great variance between centers.  And as it relates to the impact that you suggested was around $10 million in the U.S. Yes, in fact, the delay of a cohort A panel and a one-quarter delay overall is worth more than $10 million, and it is indeed this ramp that is faster than we had anticipated thats mitigating some of that impact. And thats why only around $10 million.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Balla from Citigroup. Please proceed with your question. 
Amit Balla - Citigroup: I had a question regarding Europe and the TAVI adoption over there, in two parts. First, can you talk about what impact competition is having over there. And can you parse that out against the underlying market dynamics in western and southern Europe? 
Michael Mussallem: Sure. The two new competitors, you know, theyre not strategic at this point, and theyve had some impact, but it hasnt been very large. They basically really have just been in Germany, and we estimate maybe 125 implants or something like that in the quarter. So maybe that gives you a sense for that. As we indicated in our prepared remarks, we think Europe is going to grow somewhere in this 20-25% range overall as a total market in 2012. We think it probably grew something like that in this quarter. Is there more that I can answer about that? 
Amit Balla - Citigroup: Yeah, I guess competition, I was thinking more about larger-sized valves. You have a new valve that will be coming out this summer, but one of your major competitors has one there already. So I was actually focused on that part of the competition question. And Europe, parsing out the regions, was more about southern Europe, like what youre seeing there. Any pullback there? 
Michael Mussallem: Well, let me get into southern Europe, and then maybe a comment about share. Southern Europe probably as an overall region was around flat again this quarter. For us it was actually negative. I think it was probably close to minus 20% sales growth. Again, southern Europe only accounts for probably a little less than 20% of the overall market. So you can see that it did pull down the overall growth of Europe.  In terms of the importance of 29 mm, we feel like were the clear share leader, and we think that having a 29 mm in the transfemoral position is going to be very important. Remember, when we got that 29 mm in the transapical position, about a year ago, it really added a lot of sales. And we think its going to be powerful.  And since TF is the preferred method of delivery, it might even pull some of that 29 mm TA volume away. So its a positive for us. We think its going to be a real share gainer, that drives share in the transfemoral position. Were also excited about having the new Ascendra Plus, because its going to open up the transaortic delivery. And although thats still relatively small, maybe 150 implants a quarter, its growing, and we havent had an indication thus far. So those have all largely been competitive units until now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy from Jefferies & Co. Please proceed with your question. 
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies & Co. : Wondering if I could just ask you to expand a little bit on your commentary on the distribution of volume at the various types of centers. When you look at the highest-volume centers, whether its Columbia University or Cedars Sinai, the big PARTNER trials, do you have a sense of what percentage of valves are being done at these highest-volume centers right now? 
Michael Mussallem: I dont know. We dont normally cut it that way. Lets put it this way. You think about the volume that was done in the United States. We said about $7 million of that was clinical, so Ill set the $7 million aside. We said out of the $34 million, a good 30% of that was stocking. So none of those stocking orders came from the large sites. So now if you further parse that down to a smaller part, out of the remaining, I would imagine the large centers made a substantial impact. I dont know if it was half of that, but it was significant. Theyre experienced, and they have well developed referral networks.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies & Co. : Okay. You know, you described the SAPIEN III, you gave us a little teaser there on some new technology that might address perivalvular leakage. Is there anything more you can comment on on what that is at this point? 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, you know, we havent laid out the design exactly. Im sure youll get a chance to learn a little bit more about it at PCR. Obviously one of the most exciting features has been designed, and its a very innovative design, such that it can go through a 14-French eSheath. But in particular, it has a design feature thats really pointed at reducing and having a substantial impact on perivalvular leak. For competitive reasons we havent put it out there, but at some point here it will become clear to everybody. It wont be a secret. Were going to be in clinical trials by the end of the year hopefully.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets: First, on reimbursement, when the NCD comes out in a week or so. Weve been hearing that some of the more challenging language that was in the original proposal may be less so in the final proposal, such as requiring clinical trials to have a superiority end point for reimbursement, and making sure that [interventionalists] have structural heart experience. Is it your understanding that in the final language it will be slightly more favorable than the proposal? Any of your thoughts. And I had a follow up.
Michael Mussallem: We dont know, Glenn, obviously. We just dont have an inside track on exactly what thats going to say. I think were pretty clearly on the record of agreeing with the two comments that you just made. We dont think it should be restricted to superiority trials, and we think there should be some real care in credentialing. We think its more important to credential the team rather than some of the specific physician based credentialing that can be too restrictive in terms of access to patients. But were not going to know exactly how that works out. Were hopeful. The good news here is theres been a collaborative style by CMS, and were very pleased that theyve taken input. But were, like you, anxious to see what the final language says. 
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets: And just a quick follow up. When you look outside the U.S. to Europe, you mentioned France, the country not allowing more hospitals to implant. Does that really impact the sales much? Do patients find their way to the implanting centers? And then are there any new geographies or countries that youll be launching outside the U.S. this year? 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, in France, in particular what we were referring to, there was a rule - and Im probably not using the right term here - but there was a rule out that suggested there was going to be an addition of more centers in 2012, and that got postponed. So were expecting there are going to be approximately 10 more centers that we expect to come online later this year. And we do indeed think it will make a difference. We think theres a lack of coverage in France without these centers. And that was a determination that was made at their government level. In terms of the positives, the U.K., you know, stepping forward. This decision that they made to pay for nonoperable patients is a real positive. And were already seeing that effect, even though its not even in effect yet. We saw a positive indication recently out of Scotland, which was great. On the downside, we still dont have a positive indication out of Belgium, so were awaiting that. And were continuing to make slow but steady progress across Asia as were working through various approval processes. But nothing as meaningful as Japan to talk about at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. 
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Mike, just two clarification questions and then one O-U.S. question. The 60 new centers, is that by the end of Q1, or is that to date? In the U.S. 
Michael Mussallem: That was at the end of Q1 from the approval date. 
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Got it. And you said transapical was stable sequentially in Europe, if I heard you correctly? 
Michael Mussallem: Thats correct. 
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: My question, then, is O-U.S. growth, the new guidance assumes its about 10-20%. I think its 9-18% growth in 2012, which is a big deceleration from last year. Theres new competition coming next year in 2013 in Europe. Can you walk us through why you think international growth can continue to be positive and strong beyond 2012? 
Michael Mussallem: Im not sure exactly. I think you must have backed into a number, because I think what you referred to was something that I didnt share. But what we feel like is in Europe, even with the slowdown in southern Europe, we expect it to grow in the 20-25% range this year. We think it might have grown probably 25%-plus that this year, otherwise. And last year it grew 35%.  And so considering the size of that European market, thats still pretty significant, and if you look at penetration rates across Europe, theyre still, I would say, low and highly variable. So for example theres a big difference between the penetration rate in many of the countries in Europe and the more penetrated countries like Germany.  So theres still an awful lot of potential and we really are only in western Europe at this point. So the [ascension] countries are yet to be penetrated at all to speak of, let alone what might happen in Asia. So were still very bullish about whats going to happen beyond this. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: Mike, I was hoping you could actually go into a little more detail on the surgical valve business. One of your competitors has been pretty vocal about the success of their product launch in the United States. Can you just talk about your level of confidence in that abating in the second half of the year? Is that just the comps? Or is there something specific that you think fundamentally can drive business back in your direction? 
Michael Mussallem: We have a little bit of experience with competitive new product launches, and in particular where we see the most acute effect is during the first year of launch. One of the things that happens during the first year of launch often is clinical trialing, and its not uncommon for surgeons to be willing to try a new valve. That doesnt always stick. In some case it does, and in other cases they all retreat back to their favorite valve.  And so we expect this really to mitigate in the second half of the year, based on that impact. And also, we have a little bit of experience in Europe. That exact same valve was launched earlier in Europe and at this point thats already anniversaried, and we grew in mid-single digits in Europe, which is probably a little faster than the market grew. And so some indication why we have some confidence. And besides that, the whole market were expecting might step up a little bit with transcatheter heart valves coming into the U.S. market. We would think it might give the market a bit of a lift as well. 
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: And maybe just following onto that, and also coming back to the delta on the transcatheter valve guides. And could you maybe provide a little bit more detail on the assumptions that youve considered in the revised guidance given, clearly, the amount of nervousness coming into the quarter and some of the variances on Street models and expectations around the transcatheter valve? If you could just give us some perspective as to what kind of acceleration youre assuming, and are you taking into account a step-up in the surgical valve market here? Just to give some greater confidence bars around these numbers. 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, I think the change in sales guidance really is primarily all around transcatheter heart valves. And I think we shared that there were three components of that. One is the foreign currency. As Tom indicated, that really didnt have much impact on the first quarter, but we expect that its going to have something in the neighborhood of $10 million worth of impact in transcatheter heart valves alone for the remainder of the year.  The other impact we talked about was just dynamics in Europe, and compared to our original assumptions, we think that that might be as much as something in the neighborhood of $10 million less. And then we feel like in the U.S., even though theres whats anticipated to be, say, a quarter delay in the approval of cohort A of the PARTNER trial. We think that does get mitigated by the strong first quarter and this ramp that we felt, that was not just driven by stocking orders, but its driven by real procedures and reordering. And just take a look at the $40 million number and ramp that by itself, and you can probably see why we have a level of confidence. 
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: Okay, so essentially youre looking at the utilization rates exiting the quarter and assuming that that continues to accelerate up as it did throughout Q1 in the balance of the year? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, we think its a ramp.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question. 
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank: I guess back at the investor day you guys had talked a little bit about the cadence of sales for the U.S. with more of a flattish sequential pattern, just because of consignment. I was wondering, with the pushout of timing for cohort A, are you still expecting to see that sort of cadence, or have you changed your thinking upon doing consignment at all? 
Michael Mussallem: Nothing has changed in terms of our strategy. Its a little hard to predict, because our procedures are a little higher. Remember the effect that we predicted. We said early on we would get a boost from stocking orders. So we would actually have sales higher than procedures, and then later on, when people demonstrated large volume, we would move to consignment, and that consignment effect would actually depress reported sales in the procedure driven sales, because they would go to consignment. That effect is still in place. Exactly how those two net against each other, we have models on, but we really cant be sure. And to know exactly whats happening on a month by month basis is pretty murky at this point. But broadly, we still stand by the same phenomenon. 
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank: And just to clarify, the greater sales in the quarter you said were more procedure driven, versus stocking or clinical trial? 
Michael Mussallem: Thats right. We try to give enough definition so that you can sort that out, but we would say its 70% procedure. Set aside the clinical trial of $7 million that we talked about in the U.S. Out of the remainder, 70% was procedure, 30% stocking. And we would say compared to the guidance that we provided to you, we felt like procedures came in stronger. 
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then just big picture, it seems that certainly transcatheter valve sales, at least now, are certainly ramping up better than what youre expecting. Theyre clearly very profitable, as evidenced by just the changing guidance, and then the reduction in EPS. So with this anticipated large influx of cash flow to come, what are you thinking just in terms of usage in terms of M&A? Weve typically seen a lot of companies look to diversify their sales base and just wondering if thats something that youve given a lot of thought to going forward? Just how do you think about that? 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, we do give thought to it. Theres really no change in our strategy. Were very consistent. Were going to stay focused. We dont believe that we need to diversify. We feel like theres plenty of growth and unmet needs around structural heart disease and critical care monitoring, and so well continue to look for the right opportunities. Tom talked about the fact that we did a purchase program with stock. Well continue to do that when we think conditions warrant it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein from JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: I probably just want to circle back on a couple of items. Maybe first question, the request to expand on the Anderson patents, have you filed that subsequent to product approval? 
Michael Mussallem: We did file it. As a matter of fact, we did receive the one-year extension. So this was what we anticipated. Its kind of an interim. You get this one year at a time. But the one year actually has happened. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: Great. Let me make sure I understand the guidance commentary, because obviously if we just looked at EPS, you came in at $0.05 above this quarter, the consensus, and youre guiding to a number in the second quarter thats about at the midpoint, $0.07 above consensus. But youre saying the back half of the year is in essence relative to your own prior guidance - and this is a little bit of apples and oranges - $0.24 below. So youre lowering your full year by $0.12.  But the degree to which consensus had the first half right, youre telling the Street to take that much out of the back half of the year. And I just want to make sure I understand that. I thought Bob kind of got to one of our questions, which was that the incremental profitability of TAVI for you guys, which is helpful. But maybe just help us understand that a bit, Tom. Youre taking a big chunk of earnings out of this back half of 12. 
Thomas Abate: Sure, and Mike, its consistent with the idea that we got the one quarter delay. Also, some of the things in Europe, some of the dynamics that Mike talked about there, are probably more affecting what we had expected in the second half versus what we thought in the first half. So a little bit of delay there also. The other thing - and I tried to mention that with Bob - is to take that number, the math is not only THV. We move within ranges often, and so when we make a change on the bottom, theres a little bit of change maybe in a couple of other things. So I would not take that math totally literally. Its fair to make it an indication of the profitability, but I wouldnt go too far with that. But indeed, as youre suggesting, most of our change happened in the back half versus our expectations. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: Okay, and then last question is related to the national coverage decision and the expansion on cohort A. So assuming you get the labeling for cohort A, will there be any restrictions either from the FDA or CMS on the use of the transapical in cohort B patients? 
Michael Mussallem: What were going to have to see is exactly what the label looks like coming from FDA, and what the CMS language looks like. One of the things that was, we thought, quite encouraging in the draft NCD was the use of coverage with evidence development, which suggests a flexible NCD that would have the ability to move with the FDA indication. And were hopeful that thats the case, such that the transapical procedures would be reimbursed consistent with the label. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills from Canaccord. Please proceed with your question. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord: Let me go back to profitability real quick. Im wondering if you could give us a sense, quantitatively, where you are at this point in the U.S. as it relates to the sales and marketing training, reimbursement infrastructure, the things that would hit the SG&A line in the U.S. for TAVR. Where are you in terms of building that out at this point? Clearly you will add reps, etc., as your revenue builds, but Im just curious, as you think about the initial investments there outside of regulatory where you are. To try to get a difference in for profitability. 
Thomas Abate: In fact, we do have a substantial portion thats already in it. But I think you nailed it in the fact that we will increase expenses. I think the best thing to look at, probably because most of this will occur in SG&A, is think about the guidance in terms of the range for SG&A. We know were going to see leverage there despite the fact that theyre increasing. But I dont know how to give you a specific number in terms of another reference point. But I think that would probably be the best way to look at it. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord: So did I hear you right, Tom, that the upper end of your TAVI range would correspond more closely with the lower end of your total SG&A guidance? 
Thomas Abate: Right. Correct. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord: Okay. Thats helpful. And sorry if I missed it, the transapical transfemoral mix outside the U.S., did you give that, Mike? 
Michael Mussallem: No, we didnt give that. We gave sort of an overall. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord: 70-30 overall. 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, exactly. And I dont have it off the top of my head, but you could probably back into it. The clinical trial has both transapical and transfemoral, though mostly TF, and the U.S. commercial sales is all TF. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Spencer Nam from ThinkEquity. Please proceed with your question. 
Spencer Nam - ThinkEquity: Mike, did you mention that you had trained 60 centers at this point? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. 
Spencer Nam - ThinkEquity: And so to get to your 150-250 range, should we expect somewhat of a linear growth on the number of centers being trained each quarter? Or do you expect more of a back-loaded ramp up here? 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, there is a bit of a ramp. So again, let me just remind you what we indicated. We said, since launch - and remember this is since the first week in November - weve trained 60 centers as of the end of the first quarter. So you can see that captures a little [unintelligible], but there clearly has been a ramp. And weve come up.  And so weve got a lot of hospitals that are in the queue and there tends to be a little bit of churn early on as some people were prepared and others werent prepared. Thats lining out. We certainly have more than enough capacity. We have the ability to ramp that. And some of this will be driven by whatever the NCD says as well. So well see how it goes. Based on everything we know, we think the 150-250 tends to be real solid.  Remember theres one other thing, that once we get cohort A approved, were going to ask centers that werent part of the PARTNER trial and already dont have TA experience to come back through training. It might be a one day training that they come back through. So some training capacity will go into that at that point in time. 
Spencer Nam - ThinkEquity: Thats helpful. And then in terms of lead time, once a hospital gets trained, what kind of lead time do they have before they can start implanting on a regular basis, if you will? I know the term regular basis is a little bit of a moving target, but is that a four-week lead time? Three-week lead time? How should we think about that? 
Michael Mussallem: When hospitals come in for training, they bring patients, and typically thats five patients that they bring in such that these are real patients that are ready to go. They can schedule the proctor right away. And sometimes can actually start cases as soon as a week after their training. So it just depends on how aggressive they are and how fast theyre ready to move.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis from Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. Please proceed with your question. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Smith Barney: Mike, in the U.S., can you speak to the mix of delivery approaches for SAPIEN, non-transfemoral approaches? Im just wondering, can you give a sense of what that mix is? Has reimbursement been a problem for those procedures for some of the tertiary centers? And can that issue be addressed specifically with the NCD? 
Michael Mussallem: You know, the only thing that is approved at this point, youre aware, is transfemoral for nonoperable patients. And so anybody that does something other than that is really doing some kind of a compassionate case. At this point, I think everybodys clearly focused on nonoperable patients, and Im sure there have been some cases that have been done that are not transfemoral, but I dont know exactly what those numbers are at this point. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Smith Barney: Would it surprise you if that number were greater than 10% of the U.S. cases? 
Michael Mussallem: I really dont know. Its a good question. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Smith Barney: Okay. But the reality is because of the label, that issue probably does not go away with the NCD. 
Michael Mussallem: No, thats right. But I think the NCD tries to accommodate that through coverage with evidence development. But well see exactly what the new language looks like. But what is anticipated is if we were collecting data - and again, were supportive of this idea of collecting all patients in a registry - and if we do it in a proper fashion, that theres a good chance for people to be paid.  Okay, thank you very much for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you David.  Thank you for joining us on todays call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in todays press release and can also be found in the investor relations section of our website at Edwards.com.  If you missed any portion of todays call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853, or 201-612-7415, and use account number 2995 and passcode 392053. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the investor relations section of our website. Thank you very much.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Mr. Erickson, you may begin. 
David Erickson;Vice President of Investor Relations: Welcome, and thank for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our fourth quarter 2011 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO.
 Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales and sales growth, gross profit margin, net income growth, earnings per share, SG&A, R&D, tax rates and free cash flow, diluted shares outstanding, foreign currency impacts and other financial expectations, including our assumptions regarding the timing and extent of the additional U.S. approvals, launches and reimbursement for the SAPIEN transcatheter heart valve. These statements also include our current expectations for regulatory submissions and approvals related to a variety of new products and indications, as well as the timing, status and expected outcomes of new or currently ongoing clinical trials, the expected impact, ramp-up and benefits of new product introductions and potential impacts of economic conditions and competitive products.
 These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. 
 Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements.
 Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release.  Also note that we calculate operating leverage as gross profit minus SG&A and R&D expenses divided by net sales. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike? 
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, David. Our fourth quarter closed out a year of significant investment and major milestones for Edwards. Successful PARTNER trial results led to regulatory approval to begin offering our transcatheter heart valve technology to many inoperable patients in the U.S. And for 2011, excluding special items, we were able to achieve 10% net income growth, while increasing R&D by 20% and making considerable investments in our U.S. launch.
 Now turning to quarterly results. Reported sales grew 10% to $430 million, which was consistent with the guidance provided at our investor conference. On an underlying basis, sales grew 8%. Sales outside the U.S. grew 11% on a reported basis and represent nearly 2/3 of our total sales.
 For heart valve therapy, reported sales for the fourth quarter grew 13% to $257 million, which included $93 million from transcatheter heart valves. Surgical heart valves grew 2% over last year on a reported basis and were unchanged on an underlying basis.
 Outside the U.S., our surgical heart valve business reported 7% growth, driven primarily by strong sales in Asia and continued penetration of premium products.
 Pricing remains stable in each geography. However, strong growth in emerging markets changed the country mix, which slightly lowered our global average price.
 In the U.S., sales declined this quarter due to the introduction of a competitor's product in 2011, along with what we believe were flat to procedural volumes.
 We expect the impact of competition in the U.S. to diminish in the second half of 2012, with the annualization of that product's introduction.
 We continue to make progress on our EDWARDS INTUITY rapid deployment aortic valve system. We've submitted responses to the additional questions we received in late 2011 and now expect CE mark approval during the first quarter.
 We will then initiate 2 European post-approval clinical studies, Cadence and Foundation. Additionally, we remain excited about our next-generation tissue technology, GLX, for which we anticipate receiving a CE mark in the second half of 2012.
 Turning to Cardiac Surgery Systems. Sales for the quarter were $27 million, up 8% on a reported basis and 7% on an underlying basis. These results were primarily due to growth of MIS products, which are recovering from the product availability issues earlier in 2011.
 Late in the fourth quarter, we received both a CE mark and a 510(k) clearance for our IntraClude aortic occlusion device designed to reduce the learning curve for MIS mitral valve surgery. We continue to expect a limited launch in the first quarter as we collect additional clinical evidence. IntraClude is the first of several new products we expect to introduce into our MIS portfolio in 2012.
 As a reminder, beginning this year, we will be reporting sales of surgical heart valves and Cardiac Surgery System products together in a product line called Surgical Heart Valve Therapy.
 In 2012, we expect to achieve underlying sales growth of 3% to 5% in this product line, driven by expected improvement in valve procedural volumes and continued momentum of our newest products.
 Turning to transcatheter heart valves. Fourth quarter sales were $93 million or 43% growth rate over last year. Although the U.S. launch was later than we anticipated, it was a significant growth driver.
 Economic pressures in Southern Europe resulted in lower procedural volumes, which affected our growth rate.
 Transapical sales were comparable to levels reported in previous quarters, although the impact of 2 recently approved products in Europe trimmed sales approximately $1 million this quarter.
 Transfemoral units accounted for approximately 60% of our sales, lifted by the U.S. launch, which today is entirely transfemoral. Product pricing remains stable outside the U.S., and inside the U.S. is consistent with our expectations.
 As you know, in early November, we received FDA approval of our SAPIEN valve in the United States for certain inoperable patients. Total U.S. sales in the quarter was just over $17 million, with about half from commercial sales and half from clinicals.
 Approximately 3/4 of our commercial sales were stocking units from new centers that completed their training, and we continue to expect to train 150 to 250 new commercial sites in the first 12 months.
 As we have previously stated, achieving and maintaining a high level of acute procedural success just as we have in Europe is our first priority and will drive the pace of the SAPIEN rollout. While we've just begun, we're very pleased with our high success rate. 
 Last fall, CMS initiated a national coverage analysis for TAVR, which is expected to result in a national coverage determination or NCD. This early NCD process has resulted in inconsistent interpretations among the regional Medicare contractors. The majority of these Medicare payers are reimbursing on a case-by-case basis, while policies of others are still evolving.
 This uncertainty has led to somewhat lower than expected sales. Edwards along with physicians, hospitals and medical societies are working to ensure the patients throughout the U.S. have adequate access. We believe this reimbursement situation will improve as payers clarify their policies.
 In the last hour, CMS has posted on their website a proposed decision memo for TAVR. This 88-page document appears to be very comprehensive. And while we welcome the accelerated timeline, we have not yet had adequate time to assess it. As a reminder, it should trigger a 30-day public comment period and suggests that a formal NCD could issue in the next 90 days. We support a well-written NCD that ensures adequate patient access.
 Even with this temporary uncertainty in the first quarter, we expect to achieve commercial and clinical SAPIEN sales up $30 million to $40 million in the U.S. 
 Earlier this week, at the STS meeting, data from the continued ACCESS patients in Cohort A of The PARTNER Trial were presented by Dr. Todd Dewey. In this much larger group of patients, the data showed an improved transapical experience. Investigators observe the trend toward patients feeling better faster and having improved outcomes. We believe this more recent experience adds strong new support to the transapical procedure as an important option for patients, who are at high risk for surgery.
 We expect additional data to be presented at medical meetings during the year, including 2-year data from Cohort A at the ACC meeting in March.
 We continue to plan for a midyear 2012 PMA approval for Cohort A of PARTNER, preceded by an FDA advisory panel. We remain confident that the trial results clearly demonstrate the benefits of both TA and TF as less invasive treatment options for high-risk surgical patients. We are preparing extensively for this panel meeting and are providing to FDA additional data and analysis of our clinical experience to support our case.
 Turning to our PARTNER II clinical study. In January, we completed enrollment in Cohort B, studying inoperable patients using our SAPIEN XT technology. Patients will be followed for one year, and we continue to plan for U.S. approval in 2014.
 For Cohort A, the surgical arm, we remain on track to complete enrollment in 2013. As a reminder, Cohort A is an noninferiority study of up to 2,000 patients with a lower risk profile than those who were involved -- those that were enrolled in The PARTNER Trial.
 Patients are being evenly randomized to receive the Edwards SAPIEN XT valve or surgery. Those undergoing transcatheter valve replacement are being treated either transfemorally or transapically.
 As we unveiled in December at our investor conference, we have 2 new low profile transcatheter valve platforms we're very excited about, which we believe will enable us to further extend our leadership position.
 SAPIEN 3 is our next-generation balloon expandable valve that builds on all our knowledge and experience and includes a unique feature designed to reduce -- further reduce paravalvular leak. We are pleased to have recently completed successful first-in-man cases.
 CENTERA is our repositionable, self-expanding valve, featuring a motorized delivery system designed for safe, stable deployment and single-operator use. European clinical trials for both these new products, which are delivered through a 14-French eSheath, are expected to commence in 2012.
 We plan to initiate the PROTAVI trial at the end of this quarter that will study the causes of stroke, as well as our Umbrella device. The results of this study should become available in 2012 and could support a 510(k) for Umbrella in the U.S.
 With respect to the appeal regarding the Andersen patent dispute with CoreValve in the U.S., we expect the decision by the court in mid-2012. In December, we filed a request to extend the Andersen U.S. patent out to 2017, and we expect our request to be granted.
 In summary, we continue to expect 2012 underlying transcatheter heart valve sales to grow 70% to 90% over last year. This would result in sales of $560 million to $630 million, which includes $200 million to $260 million of clinical and commercial sales in the U.S.
 Our sales guidance assumes PARTNER Cohort A is approved and starts contributing to U.S. sales in midyear 2012.
 Turning to Critical Care. Sales were $133 million for the quarter, up 4.5% on a reported basis, which includes the 2.4% benefit from foreign exchange.
 Without approximately $5 million of discontinued products, the bulk of which annualizes after the first quarter of 2012, growth would've been lifted by 4.5 percentage points.
 Driving the growth this quarter were strong sales of our advanced monitoring products, including our EV1000 monitoring hardware and FloTrac.
 Pressure monitoring sales contributed to global Critical Care growth as we continued to gain share.
 We are currently gaining clinical experience in Europe on our latest in-hospital glucose system and plan to evaluate additional enhancements in midyear. We continue to anticipate obtaining a CE Mark for this improved system before the end of 2012.
 Total reported vascular sales, which is comprised of our Fogarty products, were $13 million this quarter, down slightly from the prior year.
 As a reminder, next quarter, we'll be reporting sales of Critical Care and vascular in the Critical Care product line. For 2012, we continue to expect full year underlying sales growth in this product line to be 5% to 8%, driven primarily by continued growth in our advanced monitoring products.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Tom. 
Thomas Abate;Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President: Thank you, Mike. This quarter, we achieved diluted EPS of $0.53 and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.62, an increase of 13% over the prior year. As we anticipated, our operating leverage improved sequentially to 20%, driven by a reduced FX impact and the U.S. THV sales. Including the benefit of a much lower tax rate, this quarter's non-GAAP EPS exceeded expectations. Excluding this benefit, we would've achieved the low end of our EPS guidance. For the quarter, excluding special items, net income grew 12%.
 For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 72.2% compared to 71.1% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven primarily by a more profitable product mix. For 2012, we continue to expect our gross profit margin to be between 73% and 75%, building throughout the year as THV sales grow.
 Fourth quarter SG&A expenses were $163 million or 38% of sales, an increase of $21 million over the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by U.S. transcatheter launch-related investments. We continue to expect SG&A to be between 36% and 39% of sales for full year 2012.
 Driven by the launch-related expenses, the first 2 quarters will be approximately 40%, followed by significant step down in the third quarter and then again in the fourth quarter, due to the expected sales ramp.
 R&D investments in the quarter grew 9% to $61 million or 14% of sales. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in clinical studies and new product development efforts in our transcatheter valve programs.
 For the full year 2012, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 14% and 15%.
 During the quarter, we recorded a pretax $17.6 million special charge comprised of 3 items: an $8.8 million charge to reflect the increased collections risk associated with our Southern European receivables; a global realignment charge of $5.5 million, primarily related to severance costs; and a $3.3 million charge related to a legal settlement.
 Additionally, during the quarter, we recorded a $4 million favorable tax adjustment related to the release of reserves.
 Our reported tax rate for the fourth quarter was 8%. Excluding the tax effect of special items I just mentioned, the tax rate was 15%, which benefited from favorable year-to-date adjustments in both the income mix and the R&D tax credit. For full year 2012, we estimate our rate, excluding special items, to be between 25% and 26% versus 21% in 2011 full year. This rate increase results primarily from the growth of our U.S. sourced income, which includes the expected THV sales and approved FX hedge outcomes. Our 2012 quarterly rates assume the federal R&D tax rate renewal will not occur until the fourth quarter.
 FX rates positively impacted fourth quarter sales by approximately $6 million compared to the prior year. Compared to our recent guidance, FX did not have a material impact on the quarter's earnings.
 Looking forward, at current rates, we now expect a $40 million negative impact to 2012 full year sales when compared to 2011 rate.
 Free cash flow generated during the fourth quarter was $62 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $94 million less capital spending of $32 million. This resulted in the full year free cash flow of $183 million, which was lower than planned due to higher-than-expected inventories.
 During the quarter, we repurchased 560,000 shares for $40 million. For the full year, we repurchased 3.9 million shares for $303 million. For modeling purposes, we project diluted shares outstanding to be 119 million in 2012.
 Turning to our balance sheet. We had total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $450 million, and total debt of $150 million. The short-term investments of $279 million represents bank time deposits with initial maturities ranging from greater than 3 months to 7 months.
 These time deposits are highly liquid and were included in error as a part of our cash and cash equivalent in our 2011 interim statement.
 We are now reclassifying these items, these time deposits, as short-term investments, and will reflect the purchases and sales as investing activities in our statement of cash flows for the full year 2011.
 This change has no effect on any other aspect of our financial statement or guidance. We are currently evaluating the manner in which we correct these previously reported amounts.
 Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 65 days, an improvement of 5 days from the prior quarter, driven primarily from collections efforts outside the U.S. Inventory turns were 1.8, a small decrease from the prior quarter.
 Turning to our sales guidance. We continue to expect our full year product line sales range to remain unchanged from the guidance we provided at our December investor conference. 
 For surgical heart valve therapy, we expect sales to be between $800 million and $830 million, which includes approximately $150 million -- $115 million of Cardiac Surgery Systems sales.
 In transcatheter heart valves, we expect sales to be between $560 million and $630 million. In Critical Care, we expect sales of $580 million to $610 million, which includes approximately $50 million of vascular sales.
 We continue to expect full year sales of $1.95 billion to $2.05 billion. Excluding special items, we remain comfortable with our previously stated financial goals of full year 2012 diluted EPS of $2.70 to $2.80, 73% to 75% gross profit margin, net income growth of 35% to 40% and free cash flow between $240 million and $260 million. These goals assume a midyear 2012 approval of Cohort A of The PARTNER Trial. 
 For the first quarter 2012, we project total sales of $440 million to $460 million, and first quarter diluted EPS, excluding special items, will be between $0.47 and $0.49.
 With that, I'll turn it back over to Mike. 
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. As we look ahead, we see an exciting future for Edwards Lifesciences. We believe that our transcatheter valve technology has the potential to drive significant sales growth over the next decade.
 Our focused strategy on structural heart disease and Critical Care Technologies creates multiple points of leverage, and our commitment to innovation should enable us to extend our leadership and create value for patients, clinicians and our shareholders.
 Before I turn the call back over to David, although I'm certain that you have many questions about the recently published draft NCD, we're unprepared to provide analysis at this time.
 This extensive document requires careful review and consideration. Therefore, we're not going to be answering questions about this at this time.
 And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David. 
David Erickson;Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Mike. [Operator Instructions] Operator, we're ready to take questions, please. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of David Lewis from Morgan Stanley. 
Steve Beuchaw: It's Steve Beuchaw here for David. Mike or Larry, I wonder if you could go into a bit more detail articulating the dynamics with SAPIEN in Europe. If we said, just for the sake of discussion, that the result in Europe came in $30 million below where it would've been in a hypothetical, where the growth rate in the fourth quarter were the same as it was in the third quarter, understanding, of course, that wasn't necessarily in the plan, and how much of that $30 million was competition? How much was macro? How much was pricing, if that's an issue at all? And how much might've been a shift towards transfemoral? 
Michael Mussallem: I think there's some confusion. I don't know where your $30 million comes from, but I'm happy to walk through some of these pieces. As I indicated on the call, the new competition, as it relates to TA, was worth about $1 million. And we don't feel like we lost share to our other competitor in Europe. So that's really not a factor. You know where I think sometimes people get confused is when they go back and look at our results and compare it to what we've done. 
 So for example, we said there were $334 million worth of sales for the full year of 2011 in transcatheter heart valves. Some of that was U.S. clinical -- around $20 million that you have to back out. Some of that came from other parts of the world that accounted for almost 10% of those sales. So that when you -- when you actually -- and there's another whatever it was, the $9 million or so of commercial U.S. sales, so you need to back those pieces out when you actually compare growth rate in the quarter. 
Steve Beuchaw: One follow-up on Europe. Could you comment on your expectations for the duration of the macro challenges there? Could you elaborate a bit also on how they're manifesting there? Is it pricing? Sounds like that's not the case? Does it manifest as just a receivables issue or is there something else? 
Michael Mussallem: Are you talking about transcatheter heart valves in the quarter? Or... 
Steve Beuchaw: In Europe, specifically? 
Michael Mussallem: All right. I'm going to assume that's what you're talking about. We mentioned that we were affected in Southern Europe. And so in particular, we saw growth rates decline in places like Greece and Italy and Spain, all of which were good markets for transcatheter heart valves. And so that was the driving force. Pricing has been rock stable. And our hope here is that this picks back up, that this is a temporary situation driven by some difficult economics in those countries. 
Steve Beuchaw: It sounds like, then, it's a temporary situation in its volumes, is that fair? 
Michael Mussallem: That's what we'd like to think. I mean, I'd like to think that those countries don't stay in the same sort of straits that they're in, in the fourth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy from Jefferies & Company. 
Raj Denhoy: I wonder if I could ask about the -- you're not going to answer the NCD, but you did mention that there's a little bit of reimbursement push back right now. And our understanding is part of that was perhaps related to the fact that there wasn't a national policy. Does the publication of NCD regardless of your views of what's in it, does that have any bearing on the reimbursement situation out there right now? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I'll share what our thinking is on that, Raj. It's a good question. Before an NCD was open, it seemed as though we had a fair amount of clarity, and there was pretty clear coverage by these local providers throughout the clinical trial period. And we would've imagined that, that would continue in a very stable way going forward. When the NCD was actually open, and it's relatively unprecedented that an NCD or a national coverage analysis is open even before approval, it created some of this confusion and it caused some of these providers to say, "Gee, I don't know what this means. Maybe I should wait," and a whole variety of interpretations of what that meant. We'd like to think when we actually land on a decision, and we're hopeful that the decisions are good ones, that it clarifies the temporary situation. 
Raj Denhoy: Okay. And just on the expectations here for a panel soon in approval for PARTNER A by midyear. You also commented about how you're continuing to supply the FDA with information, whether it's continued ACCESS data we saw earlier this week. You also mentioned the data coming out at ACC here. So there still is data being presented to the FDA, and I'm curious whether that could potentially have some impact on their ability to schedule a panel? 
Michael Mussallem: I don't know, frankly, what impacts their scheduling of the panel, Raj. We don't have a date at this point. We believe it's in the best interest of the technology and help FDA with their decision making to have as much up-to-date experience, clinical experience as possible. And so we're providing that. And when the day goes out longer, it just allows us to probably even provide more. But I don't know. I really have no insight into whether that's driving any decisions on timing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills from Canaccord. 
Jason Mills: I wanted to ask about your training program, Mike, for TAVI in the early days of commercialization. It's gratifying to hear that you're reiterating your guidance of $150 million to $250 million. You had a principal investigator at STS comment on the podium about his thoughts, maybe getting to $200 million by the end of 2013. I suppose I could have heard him wrong. But your commentary seems to suggest you're confident in getting to $200 million perhaps in the first year, which would be sort of exiting this year. Could you talk about over maybe the next 18 months what your thoughts are with respect to the ramp in new training centers? And any color you could provide around how it's going early with some of the centers you've gotten on board in the first 3 or 4 months? 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. And I'm not going to get into a specific count of how many people have gone through. But we've said right along here that we have expected to train 150 to 250 new centers in the first year, and we haven't backed off that at all. We've built capability, and we have the internal capability to certainly train that number of centers and more. So it really doesn't have anything to do with our internal capability. So I think what it's probably going to -- what would be more of a factor is whatever comes out in the national coverage determination, whether there's any limits. If there are limits, that could change the number, but otherwise, I would expect that we would stay right on that plan, and we would hit $150 million to $250 million in the first year and escalate from that into the second year. 
Jason Mills: Yes, our initial read looks like it was a fairly flexible document and inclusive. So we look forward to hearing your analysis. I suppose on that front, should we expect to see a press release? What forum in which do you plan to commentate or provide guidance or thoughts on this NCD when and if you're prepared for it to do that? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's a fair question, Jason. Right after this call, we'll get into this and we'll dig pretty deep.  We're not sure what the best way to communicate is. If we think that we can answer sufficient questions for investors with the press release, then we would do it. If it was something that we thought was complex enough that required a call, we would set something like that up. In terms of our actual response to CMS, of course, we would prepare an extensive response within this 30-day public comment period. 
Jason Mills: Great. Last question. Your guidance for U.S. TAVI sales in the first quarter, what percentage of that do you expect to be in the PARTNER II trial, the clinical setting? And what percentage sort of is either stocking orders or sell-through on the commercial side? 
Michael Mussallem: It's a minority portion of that. The clinicals probably account for, I don't know, 20%, 25% of those sales. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line David Roman from Goldman Sachs. 
David Roman: Just wanted to see, Mike or Tom, if you're going to provide backward-looking details on the breakdown of previously reported transcatheter sales in Europe versus clinical studies. So I think one of the piece of confusion in the quarter was the underlying growth rate there relative to what we've seen in the past. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I just try -- and maybe I can at least give you the headlines on it to get you close to it. The full year, we reported it $334 million. Within that, U.S. clinicals probably accounted for around $20 million. The rest of the world was probably around 10% of that number, so think $30 million or something, plus or minus that range. U.S. commercial, just under $10 million. So it helps, hopefully, with those pieces of data. It helps you back into what the baseline is. 
David Roman: Yes, that is a helpful starting point. And maybe just while you're answering the previous question regarding 150 to 250 centers. Can you just maybe walk us through and remind us how you came up with that number? What sort of the top-down build was to figure out what the right number of centers to approach was? Maybe beginning with sort of the who you look at overall addressable market and why that is an appropriate number? 
Michael Mussallem: We've always been driven by great clinical results, and that's going to continue to be our mantra and our top priority as we roll this out. We actually probably have the capability and possibly the interest of even going faster, given that we could stay at a very high procedural level. So we're at a number much larger than that at one time in terms of what we were thinking. But there's a little bit of push back on the part of societies that said, "Hey, can you really maintain the high quality of that sort of rate?" And so this was through some discussions that we felt very comfortable that 150 to 250 number of additional centers was going to be an appropriate rate for a first-year rollout. So it's a bit of a negotiated number, if you will. I don't know if that gets at your question. 
David Roman: Well, would you be willing to put a number on that, sort of, what percent of what you think the ultimate addressable number of centers is? 
Michael Mussallem: Well, that's a great question. I mean, how many centers will actually be doing TAVI when the smoke clears 5 years or 10 years from now is a very -- it's an uncertain number. We know that there are approximately, let's say, 1,200 or so centers that are doing open-heart surgery today. And we would imagine that would be something in maybe half that or less than half of that that end up doing transcatheter heart valves in the long run. But this one is a very difficult number to try and pin down. It's uncertain, and I think there's a variety of views out there. And there'll be some discussion between societies and regulators that will ultimately determine what that looks like. 
David Roman: Okay. And then lastly for Tom. If you look at the pacing of earnings throughout the course of the year, which you gave very explicitly at the analyst meeting. It really is sort of a tale of 2 halves, first half and first second half as the SG&A number start to ramp down. How should we think about, sort of, the normalized earnings power of the business with the commercial U.S. TAVI program? Is that -- is fourth quarter the right way to look at it? Is it the blend of the second half? Just to get a sense as to when we'll start to see a more normalized run rate. 
Thomas Abate;Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President: Sure. I have to say, if you're looking forward, probably Q4 is your best indication, right? What you're facing is a lot of investment that was made upfront and a pretty dramatic ramp is we had centers each quarter. So each quarter, we're looking at a bigger sales number, obviously, and expenses not going as fast. So I'd say, the exit rate is probably the best indication, but I would think that you still got improvement going forward from there. We will continue to invest in everything, but I think those expense ratios will grow slower than sales for the foreseeable next couple of periods. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. 
Larry Biegelsen: Just one clarification, Tom. The $17.6 million in special charges related to Southern European receivables risk, that did not affect sales in the quarter, is that correct? 
Thomas Abate;Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President: No. And, Larry, only I think it was -- $8.8 million of that was receivables related. 
Larry Biegelsen: I mean, anyway, based on the numbers you've given us, it does look like the o U.S. TAVI sales were relatively flat sequentially, up just slightly, which is different from what we've seen in the fourth quarter typically. Mike, I know you've gone through the reasons for that. But help us understand why you would expect it to recover? I mean, did they run out of budgets in the fourth quarter, and you see budgets, new budgets for 2012? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Typically, you would say Europe in total -- it's a good observation, Larry. Europe in total would've been grown at a pretty rapid pace throughout the year, something in the 40% to 50% range in terms of total market. And here in the fourth quarter, it slowed down a lot. And that's because we actually had countries that went into negative growth. They were actually lower in the fourth quarter of '11 than they were in the fourth quarter of '12. These are the Southern European countries that actually we had a fair amount of volume in. It's not the largest in Europe, but enough certainly to affect the growth rate. Now you're asking me to see the future in terms of what's going to happen in those countries. We know that there's patients that certainly want transcatheter valve procedures, and we would expect this to begin recovering. But it's difficult for us to predict exactly when that might happen. 
Thomas Abate;Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President: Yes. And, Larry, it was not really flat. It was probably maybe more in the range of the 20% growth. And, sorry, there were a couple of pieces that make that hard had to trace, but I'd say somewhere in the 20s, low 20s is not a bad number for Europe. 
Larry Biegelsen: Tom, you're seeing 20% sequentially or 20% up year-over-year? 
Thomas Abate;Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President: Year-over-year. 
Larry Biegelsen: Okay. I know you haven't had a chance to look at the NCD, but there's one number that has been thrown around there before. I'm wondering if you know if offhand. How many centers in the U.S. do over 50 aortic valve procedures per year? Does anyone know that offhand? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, offhand, Larry, there's around 400 centers in the U.S. that do around 50 AVRs historically. 
Larry Biegelsen: Okay. Last for me, the cap data that we just saw, the transapical cap data, I don't know if this was asked earlier, but just to confirm, you will be providing that to FDA and you would expect that to be part of a panel? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, Larry, you have to promise that's the last question. But, yes, of course, we will provide that cap data to FDA. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. 
Michael Weinstein: Mike, you had commented at the analyst meeting on the trajectory early on in your expectations. And you had said that you thought January would come in for U.S. JV in sales in the $10 million to $15 million range. Is that where it played out? 
Michael Mussallem: That probably came in -- we probably came in a little short of that. I think some of this temporary conversion caused it to be a little short of where we thought it would've come in. 
Michael Weinstein: So in your mind, the push back from a couple of those local carriers that you and I had talked about, that probably has changed the trajectory of the slope for 2012, but hasn't changed where you think you will end up in total for the year? 
Michael Mussallem: Well, I think it ends up changing -- yes, it ends up changing the trajectory here in the short term. And until there's national coverage determination, and I'm optimistically hoping that this document which was published today starts providing some clarity. But the interim period appears that it is -- the ramp is affected by this uncertainty. But you can see because we are reaffirming our full 2012 numbers, we're still feeling confident that as this gets cleared up, that we'll be able to get back on that ramp and stay in our range. 
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Let me just ask a couple of quick follow-ups. One of the questions people have is the play back and forth between the TAVI ramp and the surgical valve business. And it's tough to extract out the impact of obviously competitors launch and how that's impacted your business. But if we look at your constant currency, either your surgical valve growth over the course of 2011 or the total company growth that's TAVI for 2011, so if I looked at total company, it was 8% in the first quarter, 4.9% in the second, 3.7% in the third and 1.3% in the fourth. That suggests that x what's happening on the TAVI side of the business, the other part did decelerate. And can you just comment on the confidence level on that reaccelerating in 2012 because the guidance does imply some reacceleration. 
Michael Mussallem: No, that's a good point. And I hear the stories that those numbers tell, but this a little bit -- there's a little more going on besides that. The first quarter of last year, for some inexplicable reason, we saw a very high procedural growth across the board. So that was that. Then we saw competitors come in for the first time in the second quarter. That suppressed growth rate for a while. And you could see that, that had some impact during the year. And toward the tail end of the year, we felt that the economy, in general, sort of slowed procedure. So you have 3 things going on there. I think that when we anniversary this competition that it's -- we're going to get a list out of our growth rate out of that. And we don't think that people save up heart valve procedures forever. So we expect there to be some lift. On top of that, just the introduction of transcatheter heart valves in the U.S., we think, actually is a stimulant to surgical heart valves in total. We think it's going to bring patients into the system. And if our experience in the U.S. is somewhat like our experience in Europe, there's another reason to believe that the growth rates will be higher in surgical going forward. There's also -- we expect to get INTUITY, that probably adds another, I don't know, maybe, 1% to the growth rate as well. So if you put together, we think we've got pretty good reasons to believe that 3% to 5% is solid. 
Jason Mills: Okay. I'll just one quick one on the NCD, and if you happened to look at this, I'd appreciate it. But maybe you can just give us some thought. One item that did catch me that I hadn't heard of or thought of before was that a requirement for new centers to be considered for TAVR was that the interventionalist has to have experience doing at least 50 structural heart disease procedures prior to this. And I just don't know where they would get that experience of doing 50 structural heart procedures unless they've been active doing ASDs, VSDs, PFOs. Is that something that you would've heard of or surprises you? Because I would assume that hasn't been a requirement to date, the centers you've been going to. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, you've correctly anticipate that I'm not able to really analyze what they said. No. Although there has been conversation right along, Mike, that this should be done by experienced surgeons and experienced cardiologists, and there have been different kind of numbers going around. This is the first thing that I've heard of a number of a certain number of structural heart procedures. So that is new from our perspective. But the good news is, we're going to have a comment period. We're going to be able to get into those and really talk about the challenge, potentially the logic associated with some of the assumptions. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro from RBC Capital Markets. 
Glenn Novarro: Two questions. One, I just wanted to come back to international sales. If you take out -- and this is for SAPIEN, for TAVI, if you take out the U.S. numbers for 4Q, your o U.S. sales were about $76 million. And to kind of get to the mid to high point of your TAVI forecast worldwide for 2012, it looks like the international number has to do between $90 million and $100 million, in that ballpark. So how do we get from doing somewhere around $75 million in international sales in 4Q '11 to getting to $90 million plus per quarter in 2012? That's my first question. 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I'm not sure I followed your math perfectly, so I apologize for that, Glenn. We do think that even though Europe has grown substantially and we know that growth rate won't persist forever with just a little bit of large numbers, they're still going to be pretty good growth. We would imagine international growth would be in excess, just the market itself, in excess of 20%. So I don't know if that ends up solving for what you're trying to get to from the $75 million to the $90 million, but we would think the market growth would do that by itself. 
Glenn Novarro: Okay. Well, that's what I have in my model, but it just -- on a sequential basis, to go from 4Q into 2012 does require a step up. Well, let me ask you just one other question on the advisory panel. At STS, Dr. Smith said he thought the panel would be April, May. Now I don't think he has an edge. But I'm just wondering, is an April and May panel more realistic? In other words, the cap data is going into the FDA, they want to review that data, and it's for that reason that a panel, maybe, is a little bit later than expected? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I was in the audience as well when Dr. Smith said that. I have no reason to believe that he has any inside information. I think that was his own estimate. We really -- frankly, we really just don't know. We've been estimating that it'll be in the first quarter. And for modeling purposes, we will assume that we would get the approval for Cohort A in midyear. And so as the panel comes a little earlier, a little later, it's really tough for us to be able to estimate. It's really up to FDA and the availability of the panel members. And so I'm sorry, but I can't give you much more insight. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Miroslava Minkova from Leerink Swann. 
Miroslava Minkova: Let's start by -- I appreciate you don't have a comment on the National Coverage Decision. But theoretically, were you expecting that 2-surgeon reapprovals would be required in inoperable patients? And how would that change your assumption -- adoption assumptions basically? 
Michael Mussallem: I haven't seen it. And so if you say that there's 2 surgeons in there, I'll take you at your word there. For us, we frankly didn't know what the FDA label would say. It might have also said 2 surgeons. We don't think 2 surgeons is a big negative for this procedure. We think, in general, there are 2 surgeons that are going to be associated with this at all time. That's what was trained. That's when -- we had The PARTNER Trial itself, it took 2 surgeons. So don't look at that as a big negative. 
Miroslava Minkova: Okay, great. And finally, maybe -- I know you've been asked a lot of questions in Europe. But I think what's probably still confusing people is the currency is a little bit more negative than the time you gave guidance, the euro has weakened and your fourth quarter wasn't quite as stellar because of weakness due to macroeconomic conditions. I guess, maybe if I could ask what gives you the confidence to maintain the, sort of, the overall TAVR guidance that you're giving? Or said differently, were you assuming this kind of a tough environment in Southern Europe when you did give the guidance last month? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. If you go back to our investor conference, Miroslava, we actually put a slide up that anticipated sales. And that sales number actually said that the bottom end of our range, and I forget what slide number it was, but we pretty much landed exactly on that number. So we had a pretty good idea of what the climate was by the time we got to our December investor conference. We did not have that same visibility back in October, but in December, we were pretty close. Is that fair, Tom? 
Thomas Abate;Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President: Yes. And the FX got worse by about 20 since that time. And I'd say half of that probably is going to be hitting THV Europe sales. So within $10 million, you should be close in FX impact. 
Miroslava Minkova: You're basically assuming that some of these procedures that were -- did not happen should come back, perhaps, as we go into the new budget year? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I would say that we're still standing by our guidance, Miroslava, for what we have for 2012. So, of course, there's going to be a ramp. It's tough for us to predict, but we think our guidance anticipates both some of the natural FX fluctuations, as well as some of the uncertainty that's around when these countries' restore procedures. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of a Bruce Nudell from Crdit Suisse. 
Bruce Nudell: Mike, on a happy note, the cap data really showed amazingly good neurological outcomes. Do you have any feel yet of what the secret sauce in that was? 
Michael Mussallem: We don't, that is the short answer. I mean, obviously, I think it's a by-product of experience. So a combination of factors. We think patient selection probably was better. We think operator experience in procedures was better. We think the devices were a little bit better later on in the trial as well. So it's a combination of factors. It's tough for us to say which was the most important factor, and we expect to learn more about that in our PROTAVI trial. 
Bruce Nudell: And I guess, a follow up, Mike, and we've talked about this before. If unit growth in Europe is around 20% now. We thought x U.S. unit growth in aggregate was about 30% for the market last quarter. Does that tell you anything about the idea of, like, how many people are sitting on the sideline, the ability to recruit unreferred patients now, the fact that the market, probably at the beginning of the year x U.S., was closer to 50%? Any thoughts on that? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, we probably think that -- we continue to believe that there's a lot of patients that are on the sideline. It's probably economic factors that's the greater issue. When we see a country gain reimbursement, you see the patients in those countries come for the procedure. And we think that's probably the more significant underlying factor that unlocks the ability of these patients to get treatment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla from Citigroup. 
Unknown Analyst: This is Adam [ph] in for Amit today. I just have a question on rest of world. I know the growth rate there decelerated just as much as in Europe, so I was wondering if you want to go into a little more detail as to what happened there? 
Michael Mussallem: In rest of world? I don't know. Those numbers tend to be smaller. I don't know if I could pick up a growth rate on that, Adam. Maybe you have something a little bit more specific? Our rest -- what we call rest of world, so again, if you take out U.S. and you take out Europe, the growth in the fourth quarter was very similar to the full year growth. So... 
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Well, maybe just on any, kind of, segmentation by product. Was there anything, in particular, going on there that was different from expectation? 
Michael Mussallem: Is this Edwards in total that you're talking about, Adam, or any particular... 
Unknown Analyst: Yes, Edwards in total. 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. let me try and look more closely and see if there's something that I can attribute it to. Yes, it looks to us, just looking at this quickly, our quarter-to-date and our year-to-date growth rates in rest of world are very similar. They look they're like within about 1% of each other. So it's not something that's jumping off the page. So we're happy to work offline and see if there's a more detailed understanding we can provide. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart from Deutsche Bank. 
Kristen Stewart: One quick one, and then I have a follow-up. I know that cap data on TA was really superb. I was just wondering when might we be able to see the cap data on transfemoral? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, I don't know that that's going to be presented publicly before a panel. I don't know if that's available. I mean, that certainly is being worked up by us, and we would plan to bring that kind of data to the panel if we can possibly do that. But I don't know if that it's going to be in a public forum before then, Kristen. 
Kristen Stewart: So that won't be something at ACC along with the 2-year data? 
Michael Mussallem: I don't know that it will be at ACC. Again, we'll see what happens. As far as I know, ACC will just have the 2-year data that's particularly within the PMA. 
Kristen Stewart: Okay. And then I know that you have not looked at the NCD, but I was just wondering, in formulating your guidance for transcatheter valves for 2012, I was just wondering what you were thinking about in the context of potential risks to that, specifically in terms of centers having to qualify in certain criteria? Does this really add an element of risk? Because I imagine if I'm a center looking to start up TAVI and I'm looking at all these criteria, I may just want to wait to see how that shakes out before really making the level of investments in buying the valves and getting all the training up and running. So maybe just walk through how you were thinking about that in terms of maybe applying different haircuts to the guidance. And then also, just on the sales. It looks like they're proposing to restrict coverage to patients with coronary artery disease, which is consistent with PARTNER, but seems to screen out quite a bit of patients if you look at the STS database? 
Michael Mussallem: Well, you're ahead of me when it comes to the analysis of what was published, Kristen, so we can't really comment on that. We can talk about our assumptions. Obviously, we gave a range because there's a range of possibilities. Probably, the 2 biggest factors that are in our assumptions, we've assumed that we would train 150 to 250 hospitals, and so there would be a natural ramp associated with that. Obviously, that builds upon itself, and so gets much bigger in the back half of the year. And the other thing that's in that assumption is an approval for Cohort A in midyear. So if Cohort A were approved earlier or later, that would change the numbers. If there was something within the document that you're referencing, that causes the 150 to 250 hospital ramp to change significantly, that would also have impact on our range. 
Kristen Stewart: So the 150 to 250, you didn't necessarily expect any formal restrictions in terms of which centers you could go after. That was just your [Audio Gap] centers? But probably aligned. 
Michael Mussallem: Well, what we're trying to do is to summarize that we thought we would train 150 to 250 centers. We knew that it wasn't going to be a center only kind of criteria laid out by the societies in CMS, that there would be some specific criteria or credentials for physicians into it, but we thought that, that would allow 150 to 250 centers. And so that's what we'll be analyzing when we get into it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. 
Thomas Gunderson: On PARTNER II and its impact on your U.S. guidance numbers. If we look at -- you've already fully enrolled B, so if we look at A and its roughly 2000 patients, and it's a one-to-one randomization, and you said in your prepared comments that you expect full enrollment in 2013. Is the math correct to assume that somewhere around 500 SAPIEN XT patients would be enrolled in 2012 and that, that's part of your guidance? 
Michael Mussallem: I think that's a reasonable estimate. Of course, remember, there's also a ramp associated with P2 a. But, yes, I think that's a reasonable estimate. 
Thomas Gunderson: And then you mentioned this to one of the other answers, Mike. But I call it the halo effect, where you get more sAVR just because you're out there talking more in the valve team, et cetera. Is that a passive increase or do you have specific programs that you're focusing on to capture as much of the market as you can because of the attention that TAVI is getting? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes, well, let me -- first historically, it's been passive. So what we saw in Europe, and I don't know if you recall the slide that I think either Larry presented at the investor conference that talked about the fact that the growth of the market both -- doubled after the introduction of transcatheter heart valves. I think it went from the 3 range to the 6 range. And then in particular for Edwards, our growth rate stepped up from 5% to one that was more than 10%, I think, close to 13%. And so that happened in Europe. In the U.S., we do have some more active processes where we're helping hospitals establish valve clinics. And this is a cooperative effort between our heart valve team and transcatheter heart valve team. They just help people -- help hospitals do a good job of treating aortic stenosis. And so there may be some positive effect, but I would say that the underlying effect is the more predominant one. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Spencer Nam from ThinkEquity. 
Spencer Nam: Just a couple of quick housekeeping questions, I guess. First on this NCD. Is there going to be another decision document coming out from CMS in the next couple of months in terms of proposed rates and things like that? Should we expect that? 
Michael Mussallem: So, yes, our expectation -- this is the document that we were anticipating. I think they have something, Spencer, that was shown on their website that we anticipated this draft document might come at the end of the first quarter. So the fact that we're getting in on the 2nd of February just moved that up. And then there's a natural part of this process, which is a 30-day comment period, and then actually, the publishing of a formal document. We think that's going to be the primary output from CMS. I don't know that there's anything else that's going to coming beside that. 
Spencer Nam: You guys -- your interpretation is that there's not going to be a specific -- the reimbursement rate-related document following this coverage decision criteria? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. There already has been some determination early on here that we were mapped to some surgical DRGs. But I think the national coverage determination will actually not have anything that changes that mapping process. 
Spencer Nam: Okay. And then second question is, this ACC 2-year follow-up data, what sort of  -- this is going to be just a continuation of the data that we saw last year on Cohort A and whether -- or is it going to be more select data from that analysis? And do we -- should we expect the data to be also included as part of the panel, upcoming panel? 
Michael Mussallem: Yes. No, I think if you take a look at the -- I think what you're going to see is that the patients that received transcatheter heart valves, what was reported in the past was simply their one-year data. So these are the patients that are -- that were randomized in the trial. So that was 699 patients, I think was the number was in Cohort A. And then there was the numbers that were in Cohort -- just like for Cohort B that what we saw at the TCT. This will be what you for Cohort A. You'll see 2-year data on that group of randomized patients. So for example, within that are the 104 or 103 TA patients, et cetera. That'll all be extended out to 2 years. Is that clear? Did I answer that? 
Spencer Nam: Yes, that's helpful. 
Operator: We have run out of time for questions. I'd like to hand the call over back to management for closing comments. 
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Thanks, everybody, for your continued interest in Edwards, and I appreciate your patience associated with the questions on the NCD.
 Tom and David and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone. Back to you, David. 
David Erickson;Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com.
 If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415, use account number 2995 and passcode 387244. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson - VP, IR Michael Mussallem - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Thomas Abate - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President
Analysts: Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray David Roman - Goldman Sachs  Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan Imran Zafar - Jeffries David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank Bob Hopkins - Bank of America Jason Mills - Canaccord Matt Taylor - Barclays Capital Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets Suraj Kalia - Rodman & Renshaw
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, vice president of investor relations for Edwards Lifesciences. Thank you, Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our third quarter 2011 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then we'll use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales and sales growth, gross profit margin, net income and net income growth, earnings per share and earnings per share growth, SG&A, R&D, tax rates and free cash flow, outstanding foreign currency impacts, product mix, shares, and other financial expectations including our assumptions regarding the timing and extent of the U.S. approval, launch, and reimbursement for the SAPIEN Transcatheter Heart Valve. These statements also include our current expectations for regulatory submissions and approvals related to a variety of new products and indications, as well as the timing, status and expected outcomes of new or currently ongoing clinical trials, the expected impact, ramp-up, and benefits of new product introductions and the potential impacts of economic conditions and competitor products. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and we do not undertake any obligations to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and our other SEC filings which are available on our website at edwards.com.  Also, a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures. Otherwise, we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release. And now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael Mussallem: Thank you David. Were pleased to report strong third quarter sales growth of 18%, highlighted by increased demand for transcatheter heart valves and sustained strength in critical care. And on our fourth anniversary of commercial sales outside the U.S., its gratifying to see our transcatheter heart valves addressing the large unmet patient need and driving strong growth. And the FDA approval, which we expect any day, will allow SAPIEN to reach many inoperable patients in the U.S. suffering from severe aortic stenosis.  On a reported basis, third quarter sales were $413 million and underlying growth rate of 11%. Sales outside the U.S. grew 26% on a reported basis, and represent nearly two-thirds of our total sales. Turning to product line results, for the third quarter, we reported heart valve therapy sales of $246 million from transcatheter heart valves. On a regular basis, global heart valve therapy grew 23%. Surgical heart valves grew 8% over last year or 1.5% on an underlying basis. Overall, we believe surgical valve procedures in the third quarter were moderated by slower economic conditions. New competition in our core markets also affected our growth rate as previously projected. Although pricing remains stable in each geography, strong growth in emerging markets changed the country mix, which slightly lowered our global average price. Our premium products are representing an increasingly greater portion of our sales, which we expect to continue with the growing adoption of our recently approved Magna Ease aortic valve in Japan.  We continue to make progress on our Edwards INTUITY rapid deployment aortic valve system and clinician interest is building. Presentations at the recent EACTS meeting reinforced earlier data regarding the safety and efficacy of INTUITY and the benefits of faster, less-invasive procedures. In the fourth quarter, we continue to expect a CE mark and remain hopeful for a U.S. IDE approval.  In summary, based on our year to date performance, we now expect surgical heart valves to achieve underlying sales growth between 3% and 5%. Now turning to transcatheter heart valves, sales of $83 million were up 69% over last year and 50% on an underlying basis. Strong procedure growth was the primary driver of these results, which was also assisted by our recently enhanced product portfolio. Transapical sales aided by our new 29-millimeter SAPIEN XT, still comprise nearly half of our total commercial THV revenue. We continue to receive positive feedback on our new eSheath and NovaFlex Plus delivery systems, and to date nearly all of our European customers have adopted these advancements. In the fourth quarter, we expect to begin a new European multicenter neurological assessment study to increase the understanding of opportunities for improving clinical outcomes. The results of this study, which will include our Embrella technology, should be available beginning in 2012. We are fully prepared to begin U.S. launch of SAPIEN for inoperable patients and expect FDA approval any day. Leveraging our experience in Europe, we have built a world-class training program to educate U.S. clinical teams. The heart teams will undergo comprehensive trainings which include lectures, case studies, and hands-on simulator experience. Then, they will perform their first procedures overseen by experienced proctors.  As we have previously stated, achieving and maintaining a high level of procedural success, as we have outside the U.S., is our first priority and will drive the pace of our launch. In September, CMS initiated a natural coverage analysis for TAVR, which will likely result in a national coverage determination, or NCD, in mid-year 2012. We believe a well-written NCD that ensures adequate patient access would be a positive for patients and physicians.  The NCD is currently in a 30-day public comment period where all stakeholders can provide their input. We are actively engaged and preparing our detailed comments. CMS expects to issue a proposed decision memo in March of 2012 and to complete its NCD by June. As anticipated, the permanent TAVR codes, which were aligned with the surgical AVR payment codes, took effect on October 1. We continue to believe that reimbursement will be available on a regional basis until CMS completes its national coverage determination. We continue to expect a second quarter 2012 PMA approval for cohort A of PARTNER, which will be preceded by an FDA advisory panel. We remain confident that the trial results clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of both TA and TF as less-invasive treatment options for high-risk surgical patients. At TCT next month, data from our PARTNER trial will be presented on Thursday, November 10, including quality of life and cost effectiveness for cohort A and 2-year data from cohort B. Later that afternoon, well host an informal reception for analysts, and additional details about this event will be available shortly. Turning to our PARTNER II clinical study, we continue to enroll patients in cohort B, studying up to 600 patients with severe symptomatic aortic stenosis. To date weve enrolled over 350 patients and expect to be close to completing enrollment by the end of the year. For cohort A, the surgical arm, we plan to study a lower risk patient population. We believe we have fully responded to FDAs questions regarding trial design and now expect ID approval during the fourth quarter. In Japan, we are collecting followup data from our PREVAIL trial of SAPIEN XT and continue to anticipate regulatory approval as early as 2013. In summary, we still expect U.S. SAPIEN sales of $20-25 million in the first 3 months of launch, and $150-250 million in the first full year. While we had modeled in early October FDA approval, our year to date performance outside the U.S. has been strong. Therefore, we continue to expect transcatheter heart valve sales for the full year of 2011 of $330-360 million. Turning to critical care, sales were $127 million for the quarter, up 14% on a reported basis and up 7% on an underlying basis. Share gains and broader product adoption in the U.S. and Asia were the strongest contributors to growth. Sales of our advanced monitoring products once again produced strong results and global pressure monitoring continued to drive market share in our legacy products. In our advanced monitoring portfolio, FloTracs robust sales again drove the majority of growth and sales of our new EV1000 monitor continue to ramp up in line with our expectations. Clinician feedback on the EV1000 continues to be very positive and we remain confident that it will become a best-in-class device contributing to critical cares future growth. With regard to our in-hospital glucose monitoring program, recent design enhancements to our gen 2 system now require a more extensive regulatory review in Europe. We now anticipate obtaining CE mark in the second half of 2012. In summary, with our strong year to date results, we remain confident in our outlook for critical care. Led by strong growth in our pressure monitoring and advanced monitoring products, we continue to believe we will achieve the top of our full year underlying sales growth guidance of 5-8%. Turning to cardiac surgery systems, sales for the quarter were $27 million, up 13% on a reported basis and 8% on an underlying basis. These results were due primarily to growth in our MIS business and our core cannula business, which is growing at its historical rate. We continue to expect full year CSS sales to be between $105 and $115 million with an underlying growth rate of approximately 6-8%. Total reported vascular sales, which is comprised of our Fogarty products, was $13 million this quarter, down slightly from the prior year. And now, Ill turn the call over to Tom. 
Thomas Abate: Thank you Mike. This quarter we achieved diluted earnings per share of $0.43 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.38, which was a 12% decrease versus prior year. This decrease was driven by the planned investment in our U.S. THV launch and the impact of foreign exchange. As a result of this pre-launch investment, and a projected improvement in the foreign exchange impact, we look forward to much stronger operating leverage beginning in Q4.  For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 69.6%, compared to 72.5% in the same period last year. This decrease was primarily driven by a 350-basis point impact from foreign exchange. At current rates, we expect this negative FX impact to diminish in the fourth quarter and we remain on track to exit the year at approximately 73%. Third quarter SG&A expenses were $166 million, or 40% of sales, an increase of $32 million over the past year. This increase was driven primarily by $11 million of U.S. transcatheter launch-related investments and a $10 million impact from foreign exchange. For full year 2011, we continue to expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be between 37% and 39%.  R&D expenses in the quarter were $62 million, or 15% of sales, an increase of $9 million over the prior year. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in clinical studies and new product development efforts in our transcatheter valve programs. For full year 2011, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 14% and 16%. During the quarter, we recorded a $6.9 million income tax benefit resulting from a favorable ruling pertaining to the 2009 sale of our hemofiltration product lines. Other expense of $2.3 million in the quarter consisted primarily of balance sheet related foreign exchange losses of $3.1 million and a $1.4 million gain from the sale of an investment. Recall that other income of $3 million in the prior year quarter included a foreign exchange gain of $1.7 million. Our reported tax rate for the third quarter was 10.4%. Excluding special items, this rate was 22.4%. Based on our projected geographic mix of income, we now expect full year rate to be approximately 23-24% excluding special items. FX rates positively impacted third quarter sales by approximately $24 million compared to the prior year. On a year over year basis, foreign exchange movements negatively impacted earnings by $0.05, which includes an unexpected $0.02 due to FX losses on intercompany balances driven by the weakening of the euro in September. At current rates, we expect an approximate $50 million positive impact to 2011 full year sales versus prior year. Free cash flow generated during the third quarter was $78 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $97 million, less capital spending of $19 million. For 2011, excluding the cash impact of special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $190-200 million. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 1.4 million shares for $104 million. With our recently authorized share repurchase program, we had $638 million available for share repurchase at the end of the third quarter. We now project diluted shares outstanding to be approximately $118 million for the fourth quarter. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a net cash position of $276 million. Total cash of $451 million exceeded our total debt of $175 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 70 days, a 1-day increase from the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 2.0, relatively unchanged from the prior quarter. Turning to our 2011 sales guidance, for heart valve therapy, we continue to expect sales to be between $1.01 billion and $1.05 billion, with an underlying growth rate of 16-20%. In critical care, we now expect sales to be between $505 million to $515 million, and underlying growth at the top of our 5-8% range.  In cardiac surgery system, we expect sales in our previously stated $105-115 million range with an underlying sales growth of 6-8%. For vascular, we continue to expect sales of $50-60 million. Given our strong year to date performance, we are tightening our previous range of full year sales to $1.68 billion to $1.72 billion, and now expect to achieve net income growth of 7-10% excluding special items. For the fourth quarter 2011, we project total sales of $430-470 million. We now expect 2011 diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, of $1.97 to $2.02. For the fourth quarter 2011 we project diluted EPS, excluding special items, of $0.57 to $0.62. And with that, Ill turn it back over to Mike. 
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Tom. We believe our leading products and extensive product pipeline position us well for long term success. In particular, TAVR is gaining momentum as a treatment option for high-risk and inoperable patient, fueled by the growing body of impressive clinical results. And with further geographic expansion, broader indications, and technology enhancements, we expect accelerated revenue growth. And while even a minor shift in timing of the U.S. approval of SAPIEN affects the fourth quarter earnings, the value to Edwards in 2012 and beyond remains compelling. And with that, Ill turn it back over to David. 
David Erickson: Thank you Mike. Before we open it up to questions, Id like to remind you about our 2011 investor conference, which will be held in New York on Friday, December 9. At this event, we will provide an update on our new technologies, our U.S. commercialization plans for SAPIEN, and a detailed financial outlook for 2012. Weve also lined up leading clinicians who will share their experiences with our Edwards INTUITY and transcatheter valve technologies. Additional details will be sent out shortly. In order to allow broad participation in our Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and well answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator, were ready for questions please. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions.] Our first question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question. 
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Just two questions. First, I think theres some confusion on who will approve new sites. Do you think that FDA or CMS is going to approve new sites in the United States? Or if not, who will approve new sites? 
Michael Mussallem: We think the order of site training and so forth is something thats going to be conducted by Edwards Lifesciences. 
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: And you dont think FDA or CMS is going to need to sign off on that? 
Michael Mussallem: Were not anticipating that. 
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: And one more question, theres been a lot of discussion about the long term opportunities for TAVI given that the PARTNER II, cohort A has been delayed and youll have an NCD sooner than expected. Should we expect the slope of the uptake to be less steep? In other words, the slides you presented at your analyst meeting last year on the opportunity through 2016, would it look different today? It would be helpful to hear your thoughts, Mike, on this before the December analyst meeting. Thanks. 
Michael Mussallem: Sure. Theres a couple of parts to your question, Larry, and I appreciate it. First, as it relates to the CMS, we think CMS is going to cover consistent with the patients that were studied in the PARTNER trial, and I dont expect that to be limiting. I expect that slope to be exactly what we thought. As it relates to PARTNER IIA, we are indeed in discussions with the FDA about studying a broader patient population, a lower risk if you will. And part of this is just because the PARTNER A results have been so good. Were talking about that going farther than we anticipated when we gave that guidance last year. So we indeed may end up with a higher peak, but because of the way FDA would like us to study it, we may end up studying more patients and for a longer period of time. So there may be some impact to that, but when we run the numbers on that its very good economic value.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Gunderson from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question. 
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Mike, is there any way to give us color around expect any day now for the FDA approval? Does it feel to you like everything is said and done and were just waiting for a final signature? What makes you put the language of any day now? 
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Tom. Very fair question. Ive been waiting for this one. We really do believe that there arent any outstanding questions at this point. We believe all issues have been resolved. Weve been in extensive discussions with the FDA and we really believe that were at the end of the line here. And thats why we gave the indication of any day now.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: Thanks. And then for the follow up, could you talk a little bit more about the Embrella trial, or the neuroassessment trial as far as size and timing and maybe some of the primary outcome measurements? 
Michael Mussallem: I can tell you more about the intent than the absolute details. We do plan to start it this quarter, meaning Q4. Because the signals are pretty small as it relates to neurological events, what we would do is use an MRI signal to actually measure hits. And what wed want to do is to measure that as an opportunity to do a lot of learning in this space. The PARTNER trial, although it generated some data, it wasnt really designed to be able to do a detailed analysis of this. This way we can analyze different anticoagulation regimes. We can analyze the propensity of different parts of the trial, and we can analyze the ability part of the year of the Embrella device to mitigate this. So we expect to learn a lot in that, and because it doesnt necessarily take long term followup, we ought to be able to start seeing results in 2012.
Tom Gunderson - Piper Jaffray: And sorry, just for clarification, I wanted to get a sense of size. Are we talking 10 sites? 100 sites? Im just looking for scope from a standpoint of modeling this. 
Michael Mussallem: I know its multi-center, but I dont know the number of sites. And so Im going to have to get back to you on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Roman from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. 
David Roman - Goldman Sachs : Tom, I was hoping you could go into a little bit more detail on the guidance for the full year. It looks like at the midpoint of the earnings range, numbers went down by about $0.04, but the midpoint of the sales guidance is unchanged. And obviously there has been some modest slippage here in SAPIEN, so Im wondering if the dynamics influencing the change in earnings guidance relative to no change in sales guidance, is that product mix? Is it other expense that currency related? Maybe just help us walk through those details?
Thomas Abate: Sure. Youre pretty close. Id say part of the story has to do with the third quarter in that we overachieved sales, but because of the contracts in place, we really didnt deliver better bottom line with that. So that was sort of an upside where weve got a little bit of a softening on the approval here, so that those two sales wise doesnt make a huge difference. We reflected that difference, though, obviously. The second piece has an impact on earnings. 
David Roman - Goldman Sachs : Okay, and I assume the contracts youre referencing are the forward contracts on foreign exchange. Can you just remind us how those are locked in and as the euro has weakened versus the dollar, what the impact is on a go-forward basis? 
Thomas Abate: Sure. In fact, weve talked about this and what we like to do is try to lock in a rate one year in advance, so that when were comparing back to the year prior we have effective rate essentially at that time. And if you look back a year ago, the difference is probably the biggest in Q3. The euro was about $1.26 versus the average we had during the year. During this year it was $1.44. So big difference, big payback on those contracts. But back at that time, you were trying to protect yourself against an even weaker euro. All of that changes pretty dramatically as you move into Q4, where the rates I believe are something like $1.40 versus $1.44. So theyre coming into a much tighter range, very quickly, and thats going to help the margins as soon as next quarter. 
David Roman - Goldman Sachs : And then the last question is maybe just on operating leverage. You referenced in your prepared remarks that you thought Q4 you could start to see some operating leverage. The SG&A numbers I think over the course of the year have generally come in somewhat higher than what the Street had contemplated, as a percentage of revenue. Are we at a point right now where youve pulled forward some of the advance spending such that once SAPIEN gets launched in the U.S. that a switch flips where SAPIEN goes from a P&L negative to a P&L positive pretty quickly? 
Thomas Abate: Yes. If you remember, whats going on here is youve got your fixed investment, particularly the largest occurs in the third quarter without any help from sales whatsoever. So weve been on track with our investment for the preparation and therefore the ratios look probably the worst they will look in a long time in the third quarter. All of that starts to change in Q4, even just the GP release. Im looking at 350 basis points were giving up. That gets much better. So that helps the operating margin. And then any sales coming from THV are going to be an add-on to what is a fixed space, that while its growing its going to significantly give us leverage.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell of Crdit Suisse. Please proceed with your question. 
Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse: I have one major question and a followup. Mike, we built our model conservatively for PARTNER I based on the people who get surgery today and the people who are referred today and turned away. And we came up with around $500 million market potential. But what we dont capture is who all is out there thats not being referred today for whatever reason that TAVI may bring in. And could you just kind of scale where you think on-label PARTNER I is when mature and what gives you confidence that theres this latent demand that we just dont see today? 
Michael Mussallem: Sure. And I think you bring up a really good point. Its a little tough to give exact numbers because its tough to know the number of people that are out there that are not in the system today. And I acknowledge, I know when many people do their surveys they can see the people in the system, but arent clear whos out. When were able to do that analysis, and we analyze the number of people in the U.S. from a prevalence perspective, we believe that there are 500,000 Americans with severe aortic stenosis and that half of those, around 250,000, have symptoms, which would be a clear indication from guideline that they should be treated. And we all know that theres only about a third of those that get treated today. So theres a pretty substantial population out there that you ask a natural question, that says will they come into the system. We believe that there is strong evidence that when theres an alternative to surgery that people come into the system. And I think maybe the best proof statement is to just watch whats going on in Europe today. Were very close to our fourth anniversary and here we are still growing at approximately a 50% rate after all this time. And thats really with very little share gain. Thats probably all new procedures coming into the system, probably new patients coming into the system.
Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse: Okay, and I guess my follow-on question is is it safe to assume that when PARTNER IIB is approved, on the back of SAPIEN XT, that it will effectively become the commercial product in the U.S.? 
Michael Mussallem: Could you elaborate? When you say the commercial product what do you mean?
Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse: That it will essentially displace SAPIEN, that SAPIEN will become obsolete as it did in Europe. 
Michael Mussallem: I very much believe that. All indications are, and you correctly tracked what happened in Europe. As soon as SAPIEN XT was available, SAPIEN was replaced very quickly. I think it all happened in a matter of a quarter or very close to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla from Citigroup. Please proceed with your question. 
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Mike, I just wanted to come back to the PARTNER II cohort A. You talked about studying a lower-risk population and extending the length of the trial, but getting that approval continues to be a hurdle every quarter. So maybe could you just talk a little bit more about how the FDA is thinking about evaluating stroke? 
Michael Mussallem: Clearly its one of the things thats on the radar screen. And I think they, like us, like the clinician community, came away a little dissatisfied that theres not more information about stroke. And so I think going into PARTNER II theyd like to understand much more about it. So without getting into whats in there, there have been discussions about pre- and post-neuroassessments as part of PARTNER II. So I think we would find this to be something that would be thoroughly studied. Is that the essence of the question? Or is there more to it? 
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Well, just a little bit more to it would be how close are you to coming to an agreement on the structure of this trial? 
Michael Mussallem: Frankly, we would have hoped that we had agreement already at this point, and were disappointed we dont. Weve been wrong about that. We have gotten a series of questions from FDA and we believe we have fully answered all of those questions. And so we think were close. We think the clinicians that are part of this discussion are very supportive of the direction that were going in. 
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Okay. And then my second question is just on the surgical valve business. You talked about an impact this quarter from both competition as well as weaker volumes. Can you tease out the impact from the two of those? Which was the bigger hit? 
Michael Mussallem: Its a good question. Frankly, we have a tougher time really getting a firm handle on procedure numbers. So we dont know that. The competition primarily came from one competitor that also reported earnings today so we can probably circle around that one and get pretty close. And based on the quick analysis that our team has done the impact from the competitors is very consistent with what we expected and anticipated. And so when we gave that estimate of sales growth for heart valve therapy at the beginning of the year of 3-5%, were going to frankly end there. Obviously we had higher growth rate in the first part of the year and lower now when we have more brunt of the competition, but at some point we expect that to mitigate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glen Novarro with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets: Two questions. First, Mike, Im wondering if we can address again the number of centers that you will go into for 2012. Back at the FDA panel and on your Q3 call you said youre thinking now more 150 to 200 centers. But to Larry Biegelsens question, you said you didnt think the FDA or CMS would be regulating the number of centers and where you go. So Im wondering is the 150 to 200 centers next year a conservative question? 
Michael Mussallem: Youre right, Glenn, at the time of the panel we indicated that we would be targeting 150 to 259 centers in the first year. And we thought that was a number that frankly made the societies and the regulators more comfortable. And what I guess I wanted to indicate is we dont have any reason to believe that it would be constrained beyond that. Frankly, when you really talk about number of centers, what a regulator would do would be to try and talk about the qualifications of those centers, or the criteria of what makes a qualified center and what doesnt. So its kind of tough to triangulate to a specific number of accounts. Its going to speak more to their level of experience, the level of teamwork and partnership, the quality of their facility, and so forth. So what we hold in paramount importance is the access for patients. But I think that we will stay disciplined within this 150 to 250 additional centers. 
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then as a followup, on pricing, can you give a sense of how pricing is holding up in Europe in light of austerity measures there? And then are you still thinking for the U.S. a $30,000 price tag for SAPIEN? Thanks. 
Michael Mussallem: Glenn, I dont know if there was a specific product line, or if you just want me to walk around Edwards and hit the highlights? 
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets: No, just strictly on SAPIEN. 
Michael Mussallem: The pricing has been very stable in Europe. Its been pretty much rock solid here during the course of 2011. What we believe in the U.S. is the number that weve been suggesting you use for modeling is around $30,000. We think thats still a good number. Our list price will be a little higher than that, but we still think $30,000 is a good number and a good value. There are obviously going to be opportunities for discounts for people who do higher volumes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: Around the CMS process, we get to the middle of 2012 and they issue a national coverage decision. Should we assume that NCD is what stays in place until you would get a labeling for PARTNER II? And then CMS would then act on a new request for opening up that NCD? 
Michael Mussallem: Its a good question. I think there is some novel thinking thats going on in the part of the societies and I dont know how CMS is going to react to it. But I think the belief is that the societies would like to see the NCD written in such a way that it has a certain amount of flexibility and that it adapts with the approved indications from FDA such that there wouldnt be a new NCD that would go into place. And so I think their vision would be that youd have an NCD that went into place for cohort B, that that could still be useful for cohort A, and potentially evolve into next generation products as well. But again, this remains to be played out by CMS. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: Help me with that. Has CMS done that before? Basically they create this adaptive model for an NCD, that a new clinical trial comes out and then the coverage automatically adjusts? 
Michael Mussallem: I dont know that, Mike. That might be novel. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: Yeah. Honestly I dont think I care much about this, but on the timing of the approval, are you basically planning for TCT as if youll have the approval in place and that will be your big launch? 
Michael Mussallem: I havent done a great job of predicting exactly approvals, Mike, so I dont want to go out and be precise on the day. We said we expect it any day. Thats probably about as close as I want to get. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: And then last question maybe you can help me out with. If I understand correctly, theres one payment for the physicians but that obviously were setting up here where theres going to be a collaboration between interventional cardiologists and surgeons where youll need to have surgeon participation in each procedure. How will the economics work between them? Is that something every hospital is going to have to work out, where there will be the physician payment and then it will have to get split by some formula in each hospital? 
Michael Mussallem: Its a good observation, Mike. Today I dont think theres a lot of practice out there for splitting up these kinds of fees. And we think ultimately when this gets evaluated there will be payment provisions for multiple physicians. But right now, youre correct, one physician gets it. In the more progressive hospitals, what they actually do is to pool that payment and have the hospital actually split it up among the physicians that are participating in the procedure. But right now thats sort of up to the hospital to do that, to make that heart team work, to put the dollars to work in the right way for the heart team. But in the longer term, we would think the payment scheme that would come from CMS would accommodate the heart team. 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: But for the time being what was being paid previously to the surgeon for an SAVR, the interventional cardiologist and the surgeon are having to split it at least temporarily for TAVI? 
Michael Mussallem: Thats right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Imran Zafar from Jeffries. Please proceed with your question. 
Imran Zafar - Jeffries: I want to focus my questions on Europe. Can you talk about European market share trends, I guess in two contexts? First, relative to CoreValve, whats your sense on where shares are trending the past quarter. And then second, as you look ahead, we have two new transapical products approved in Europe. Can you just talk about what impact you see from those new products? 
Michael Mussallem: Sure, as youre aware, in Europe, we have been the only one with a transapical procedure and so we have been 100% of that market share, and as I indicated thats nearly half of our volume. So the new competitors that are in place there will try and compete for that. These new competitors, although theyre interesting products, they still have very, very limited experience. Here we are with thousands and thousands of patients and many of those that are captured within randomized control trials or registries and they have a lot less than that. And with our experience in heart valves, and the fact that, frankly, our system is a smaller [unintelligible] size than our competitors [unintelligible] size, that weve got next generations coming. We think were going to be able to handle that competition pretty well. On the transfemoral side, CoreValve had a larger share, substantially, before the introduction of XT, and since the introduction of XT we have a clearly had some share gains there. Were still pretty close to splitting the market. Theres probably still some advantage to them, but thats closing. 
Imran Zafar - Jeffries: And then with respect to European reimbursement, can you just give us the latest lay of the land there in terms of some of the key markets where youre still trying to establish reimbursement? And is there any risk of the macro headwinds stymieing that process? 
Michael Mussallem: You can see just by the way the sales are growing at 50% that reimbursement is in pretty good shape in Europe. Were not expecting any kind of a reset here between now and the investor conference and in the investor conference well try and give you a little clearer picture of what that looks like. The big countries where were doing a lot of procedures, like Germany and France, that seems pretty stable. And well give you an update when we get there. Were still working our way through the UK and we think theres been some nice progress there and were look forward to some favorable progress in the not too distant future. But its a complex process thats difficult to explain in a one-liner. 
Imran Zafar - Jeffries: Okay. And then one more quick question on PARTNER IIA. Is an inclusion criteria [SPS] score of 4-8, is that in line with kind of what youre hearing from FDA? 
Michael Mussallem: You know, we hesitate to comment on that until we actually get it. We have some pretty clear things in our mind, and as Ive said, we think the negotiation is far along, but rather than get out there and speculate where we land, were hopefully not very far away here, that this quarter well get an approval and be able to give you the exact numbers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Lewis of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Tom, one question I had on financial outlook, the one thing Edwards has been very consistent on this year has been the $150-250 million. Thats sort of been a 12-month target that hasnt changed. As you head into next year, that target hasnt changed, but the number of centers that youre targeting has changed, and obviously the NCD has come a little earlier. So as you think about the $150-250 million heading into 2012, the amount of operating expenses that youre going to need to support that level of sales, has that also not changed over the last 12 months? 
Thomas Abate: Im trying to think of a reason that that would change. If anything, maybe a little bit more efficient, but we werent projecting anything different. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Very helpful. Mike, just on cohort A, should we expect 2-year followup in spring at ACC or are you aware of another date we could get any type of followup past 1 year on cohort A? 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, I think youre in the right neighborhood here, David. We had one-year data at the ACC and right around that same timing this next year you would expect that we would have two-year data that would be available. Thats a very reasonable assumption. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question. 
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Just on whats coming out at TCT in terms of the cohort B data, I know its 2 years, but will there be any stroke data that comes out of that? Or is that just simply going to be the mortality endpoints? 
Michael Mussallem: I dont know in particular whether theres going to be anything there. Of course, theres always a possibility theres some kind of late-breaking data that could be limited. But I think the cohort B data is going to be largely like what youve seen before in the previous TCT and this will just be extended out to 2 years. 
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, so previous data did have some level of stroke? 
Michael Mussallem: I would think that would still be there to the extent that they have the ability to get a statistical analysis. 
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: And then I guess just circling back around the centers. How would your expectations change should an NCD be implemented that requires you to have some sort of certification before getting approval, or a registry requirement? 
Michael Mussallem: I hear you. I think at this point weve pretty much come to understand that theres probably going to be some kind of a registry in the future and were in agreement with the societies - and the regulators for that matter - that that concept is a good one. Its difficult for me to go through a hypothetical in terms of what might be coming within an NCD and try and project from that, so well just have to see how that process works out. We continue to feel good that CMS is going to reimburse the label and make this accessible for patients. 
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: And the $150-250, that was just for the cohort B indication, as I recall from the investor day last year? Or is that first full sales of SAPIEN including potentially cohort A indications as well? 
Michael Mussallem: Well, what we were really targeting, what would the number of sites that we would train, and that would be cohort B. 
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: The sales level, sorry. 
Michael Mussallem: No, the sales level included both A and B, and anticipated that A was going to trail B by a period of time, whatever that is, 6-9 months.  
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, so $150-250 in sales includes A and B, first year. 
Michael Mussallem: Thats correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Hopkins from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: Most of my questions have been answered. Just want to follow up on a couple of timing questions. David was asking about 2-year data relating to PARTNER A and you were talking maybe around ACC. Im sorry if I missed this at the beginning of your call, but did you talk about your updated expectations for a panel meeting for the PARTNER A? 
Michael Mussallem: Yeah, we didnt give detail on it, but I think its reasonable to assume a Q1 panel. 
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: And would the 2-year data be available and presented at that panel meeting, or is there a chance that that panel moves forward without the 2-year data? 
Michael Mussallem: I dont know what exactly will be available. Probably they would be hard pressed to have a complete set of 2-year data, and frankly it wouldnt be required for that panel, because they should be considering the 1-year data. But Im sure theyll take whatever they can get and whatever is available. But Id be surprised if they could have a complete set of 2-year data.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: And then is there, on the same sort of issue in terms of thinking longer-term and the stroke rates, especially in the transapical arm, is there anything you can point us to to give us confidence that you feel those stroke rates wont get worse over time in the transapical arm and the PARTNER A study? Just want to gauge your confidence and your comfort level that stroke rates wont get worse over time in that specific cohort of patients. 
Michael Mussallem: We dont have any clear data that suggests that stroke rates get worse. I think some people refer to a little bit of data that was presented that was not statistically significant, that had some of this in there and they can get confused by whatever signal they thought they saw on late stroke. We dont believe that its there. Theres an awful lot of experience in Europe, and you can tell the way the transcatheter is growing and the way that transapical is growing how clinicians in Europe feel about it. And I think thats probably a pretty good indicator. So were not walking around thinking that theres a late stroke issue.  
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills with Canaccord. Please proceed with your question. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord: Back to PARTNER II cohort A, maybe push you a little bit on just broadly speaking the difference relative to PARTNER I cohort A in terms of the patient population study. And what Im really getting at is overall what does it imply, perhaps, for the expansion of the applicable target patient population when youre looking at a less-sick patient population in PARTNER II? 
Michael Mussallem: The PARTNER A patient population was pretty small. It probably accounted for maybe 10-20% of the surgical patients that were frankly studied. Matter of fact, I might be wrong, it may actually be under 10% that was studied in the PARTNER trial. So what were talking about doing here is opening this up pretty significantly, but still only moving into medium risk patients. So its a broader group. Were not trying to capture it all. So I would call it moderate risk. But again, I dont want to get in front of ourselves and anticipate whats actually going to be approved by FDA. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord: Okay. Thats fair. Follow up question from me is as you think about the cohort A PARTNER II has been delayed a little bit, and relative to PARTNER II cohort B, as we roll forward a couple of years and look at an approval, PARTNER II cohort B probably gets approved months if not quarters ahead of cohort A. But yet youre going to have an approval for SAPIEN I for both populations. Im just wondering as we think about longer term and get to that time period, how you think that sort of conundrum will be managed by the company. 
Michael Mussallem: I think thats really going to be managed by clinicians. Theyre going to have an indication and label, and so we think thats where the decisions will actually be made. So well be selling both devices at that point, and one will be indicated for nonsurgical patients and the SAPIEN device would be indicated for high risk surgical. And were going to trust these clinicians use their judgment on how to execute that. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord: Do you expect that CMS will play a role in that in terms of how its reimbursed? Clearly what weve seen in Europe is XT cannibalized SAPIEN I almost completely I think you said on a couple of conference calls now. So that dynamic has been in place in other geographies already. How should we think about that? 
Michael Mussallem: I dont know. I have no reason to believe that CMS can or will execute something around that. I think one of the reasons why the societies and the regulators like a registry is the idea that they can actually watch these trends and watch how it goes. And I think if they found something was really getting out of bounds they would have the ability to go in there and really examine it, understand it, and do something about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Taylor from Barclays Capital. Please proceed with your question. 
Matt Taylor - Barclays Capital: My first question is on the centers, but its a little different than some of the other questions. Im wondering, if you have 150-250 in the launch, when do you think you can expand that out to a broader population? And if it ends up being 150-250 for a longer period of time, how does that limit the market size or how much volume can you drive through that many centers at a max level? 
Michael Mussallem: Were not anticipating that that becomes a top end. The key thing thats going to be driving us every step of the way is going to be very high level of acute procedural success. And were not going to want to go fast unless were getting great outcomes. If we arent getting great outcomes, were going to presume that we can keep going and continue to train centers, and that that will grow and that wont be limited. If it were limited to a lower number of centers, that could have impact on our volume, indeed. But it would be tough for me to speculate on exactly what that would be. 
Matt Taylor - Barclays Capital: And just a followup on a previous question, I know you said that it would be reasonable to assume a panel in the first quarter and I can see why you would say that, but have you had communication from the FDA or is there something else youre basing that assumption on? 
Michael Mussallem: No, thats not based on communication from FDA. So thats just purely an estimate on our part.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: Two things. One, your SG&A over the last two quarters has been ramping up fairly quickly as you prepare for this launch. How fast can you pull that back? Or should I think of that as a continued ramp up as you push and expand the product and launch it further into the U.S.? 
Michael Mussallem: Were not in the mode of wanting to pull back. Were very excited about this opportunity, and were in full goal mode. So we have built this organization to deploy in the U.S. with the idea that this is going to be very successful. Were on a ramp, and spending in the fourth quarter is going to be higher than spending in the third quarter. The fact that this is a little delayed, could it have a moderate impact on spending? Its possible, but it will be minor, and it really doesnt change our strategy. 
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets: And then switching to the glucose monitoring product in Europe, if I heard you right thats been pushed back from second half 11 to second half 12? And then why is that? And does that change your view towards what this product may eventually contribute? 
Michael Mussallem: We continue to be very bullish about glucose monitoring, and have a long term view there. As we went out to evaluate our second generation system, part of the system included some heparin in the bag. And as we got out there with our European customers, we found that that was a real ease of use issue. It would limit them, and it would limit the ability for this to be broadly adopted. So that drove a design change on our side so that we could put an anticoagulant on the device itself. And when we put that on the device itself it kicked the device into a more difficult and longer regulatory process. We reasoned that that was worth it, and so thats what really pushed this significant delay in CE mark. In other words, instead of self-certifying, well have to generate some data first. But were bullish, and we feel like its worth it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Suraj Kalia from Rodman & Renshaw. Please proceed with your question.
Suraj Kalia - Rodman & Renshaw: Michael, if I remember correctly this was the first time Ive heard you put a metric. And specifically I was talking about you said PARTNER cohort A population was less than 10% of the total surgical AVR. Correct me if I misheard that. If I use that ratio, would you care to give, based on your four years of experience in Europe, what you think cohort B ratio would look like? 
Michael Mussallem: Let me try and talk about that a little bit, and I know how people can get sort of caught up in the numbers. The STS runs a database in which they collect, to the best of their ability, these valve surgeries. Based on the cutoff of the STS score, if you were to take a look at that STS population, thats what falls into just less than 10% of the population, is where the cutoff was for the PARTNER trial. When you try and use that same sort of logic to talk about how many people are going to be treated with transcatheter valves, it kind of falls apart. Because especially for cohort B, remember, these are nonoperable patients. So there would be zero of those patients that would be captured within the STS database. These are new patients that are today untreated, not getting surgery, that are coming into the system. 
Suraj Kalia - Rodman & Renshaw: Stated differently, do you guys have an internal number on what the ratio of TAVI to surgery is looking like in Europe? Maybe not a precise number, but just ranges of what you think the ratio is headed to in Europe currently? 
Michael Mussallem: I dont know what it is broadly in Europe. I think theres some early German registry data that suggests that its somewhere in the 20% range last time I saw it, if thats helpful. 
Suraj Kalia - Rodman & Renshaw: Fair enough. One last thing. For PARTNER II, cohort A, if I heard it correctly, its a longer timeframe, lower or medium risk patients. Understanding you guys are in discussions with the FDA, I appreciate you cannot say a lot of things. What should we be looking at the goalpost? Is it going to be survival? Stroke? [Mace]? A composite? Im just curious, given that this will be a new patient subset. And based on the STS outcomes, just trying to triangulate how to risk adjust PARTNER II for lets say medium-risk patients. 
Michael Mussallem: Thanks Suraj, and that will have to be the end of it. I really dont want to get into precisely what is in PARTNER II, but I think a presumption that this will be a composite endpoint is a pretty good assumption, and you can proceed on that basis if thats helpful.  So everybody, thanks very much for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I are going to welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, let me kick it back to you, David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on todays call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call, which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in todays press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at Edwards.com. If you missed any portions of todays call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415. Use account number 2995 and passcode 380466. Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Abate - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Vice President David Erickson - VP, IR Michael Mussallem - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Elie Kobrin Sara Michelmore - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co David Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Bruce Jackson - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Raj Denhoy - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG Suraj Kalia - Rodman & Renshaw, LLC Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C. David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG Matthew Taylor Spencer Nam - Madison Williams and Company LLC Christopher Pasquale - JP Morgan Chase & Co Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome, and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our second quarter 2011 financial results. During today's call, we'll discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules, and then we'll use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO.  Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, our expectations regarding sales and sales growth, gross profit margin, net income, and net income growth, goals for earnings per share and earnings growth, SG&A, R&D, tax rates and free cash flow, share repurchases and other financial expectations, including our assumptions regarding the timing and extent of the U.S. approval, launch, and reimbursement for the SAPIEN Transcatheter Heart Valve, which are critical elements to our 2011 projections. These statements also include our current expectations for regulatory submissions and approvals related to a variety of new products and indications, as well as the timing and expected outcomes of new or currently ongoing clinical trials, the expected impact of new product introductions and the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations and special items on our financial results.  These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made, and we do not undertake any obligations to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements.  Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and our other SEC filings which are available on our website at edwards.com. Also as a quick reminder that when we use the terms underlying and excluding special items, we are referring to non-GAAP financial measures, otherwise we are referring to our GAAP results. Additional information about our use of non-GAAP measures is included in today's press release.  Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, David. We're very pleased to report second quarter results that reflect continued strength in our Health Valve Therapy, and Clinical Care product lines. Again, this quarter, the demand for less-invasive options to treat high-risk aortic stenosis patients drove strong sales of our SAPIEN technology.  Before we go deeper into this quarter's results, I'd like to comment on yesterday's advisory panel. The FDA panel extensively explored a number of questions regarding the therapy's complications and introduction pace, and we take their concerns seriously. We're encouraged that after considering all the risks and benefits, the panel strongly recommended approval of SAPIEN. As such, we remain confident about our U.S. launch revenue and timing assumptions, as well as our long-term outlook. On a reported basis, second quarter sales grew 18% to $431 million, while on an underlying basis, sales were up 11%. Sales outside the U.S. grew 27%, and now represent 65% of our total sales.  Turning to product line results, second quarter reported Heart Valve Therapy sales grew 23% to $263 million. This included $85 million from transcatheter heart valves, which grew 60%, or 46% on an underlying basis. Surgical heart valves grew 10%, or 4.2% on an underlying basis, with our newest products continuing to drive the growth. In the U.S., we believe our 2% growth rate was tempered somewhat by slower procedure growth than last quarter. Outside the U.S., tissue valve growth was particularly strong in Asia.  In Japan, we saw modest share gains, and surgeries continued to be performed at normal levels. Although pricing was stable in each region, strong emerging market growth led to a global average that was slightly lower than a year-ago. As expected, we received regulatory clearance for our Physio tricuspid ring during the quarter in both the U.S. and Europe, and have initiated our launch. This product, which has been designed to offer a more physiologic tricuspid repair, has received a favorable initial feedback. In Japan, just last week, we received an earlier than expected approval for our Magna Ease aortic valve, and will begin to introduce this product immediately. Additionally, we have converted more than half our customers in Japan to our recently approved mitral valve with thermo fix.  We continue to make progress on our Edwards INTUITY rapid deployment aortic valve system. During the second quarter, we received additional questions from European regulators, and we have submitted our response. We now believe that we will receive a CE mark in the fourth quarter.  Interim data from the TRITON trial continues to demonstrate encouraging results and potential. To support INTUITY's reimbursement, we will focus our initial commercial efforts on a select group of centers to collect clinical outcome measures, as well as economic and quality-of-life data. And in the U.S., we continue to expect IDE approval this year. In summary, based on our first-half performance, we remain confident in achieving the top of our 3% to 5% underlying sales growth guidance for surgical valves. Turning to transcatheter heart valves. Strong procedure growth and continued adoption of our new 29 millimeter SAPIEN XT valve in Europe, helped drive sales of $85 million this quarter. Transfemoral sales remained strong and consist almost exclusively of the SAPIEN XT valve, which was introduced in Europe one year ago.  Transapical sales aided by our new 29 millimeter SAPIEN XT, grew an impressive 50% this quarter. Overall, commercial sales of TF are somewhat higher than TA.  In May, at the EuroPCR meeting, we introduced our new eSheath expandable sheath technology, and NovaFlex Plus delivery system to our European customers. We have received very positive feedback about the products ease-of-use benefits, and we're continuing to convert customers to this enhanced transfemoral delivery system. While the new delivery system had little impact on this quarter's result, we expect to have it to be a larger contributor starting in the third quarter. The integration of our recently acquired Embrella deflection device is proceeding according to plan. In the fourth quarter, we expect to begin a new European multi-center clinical study of our Embrella technology to better understand its impact on procedural outcomes. Yesterday, the FDA held its advisory panel meeting on Cohort B of the PARTNER Trial as part of the PMA approval process of SAPIEN in inoperable patients. The panel's strong recommendation for approval represents another important step on the path to FDA approval of SAPIEN. As I indicated earlier, we remain optimistic as ever about the THV opportunity. In April, we submitted our PMA for Cohort A, the Surgical arm of PARTNER. Based on clearly meeting the trial endpoints, we assume a second quarter 2012 PMA approval.  The formation of our U.S. THV field organization is proceeding on schedule, and we have developed a comprehensive and proven clinical training program. Additionally, we are evaluating the initial hospitals best positioned to treat patients with inoperable aortic stenosis. Production is going well, and we have sufficient SAPIEN inventory to support our U.S. launch. We continue to expect $20 million to $25 million in SAPIEN sales in our first quarter of U.S. commercialization, and $150 million to $250 million in the first full year. As we have previously stated, we plan to set the pace of the launch based on maintaining a high level of procedural success. From a U.S. reimbursement standpoint, our discussion with CMS are proceeding well. In March, CMS indicated that the aortic valve replacement codes are proper for reimbursement of TAVR procedures, until the permanent codes take effect on October 1, 2011.  In June, the new procedure codes were formally approved, and we expect those codes to be aligned to payment codes in the August, IPPS final rule. We continue to believe that the reimbursement available today will be available upon U.S. approval.  Turning to our U.S. PARTNER II clinical study. Trial sites for Cohort B have been completing their IRB process, and are rapidly screening patients.  At the end of the quarter, more than 100 inoperable patients have been enrolled, with half enrolled just in the month of June. We continue to have a high degree of confidence that enrollment will be completed by the end of this year.  For Cohort A, the surgical arm, we've made a great deal of progress with the FDA to optimize a trial design that broadens the inclusion criteria beyond the PARTNER high-risk definition. Accordingly, we expect IDE approval by the end of August. In Japan, we completed enrollment in our PREVAIL trial of SAPIEN XT, and are collecting follow-up data. We continue to anticipate regulatory approval as early as 2013. In June, we announced the successful first implant of SAPIEN XT valve in China. These transfemoral implantations will performed as special access cases under a joint educational and training program between Edwards and the Second Military Medical University. We hope to gain the necessary approvals to launch in China as early as 2013. Given current exchange rates and our strong first half performance, we now project global transcatheter heart valve sales for our full year of $330 million to $360 million, which includes $20 million to $25 million of commercial U.S. THV sales. Turning to Critical Care. Sales were $128 million for the quarter, up 16% on a reported basis, and up 9% on an underlying basis. Growth was strong across most geographies and product lines.  In Japan, underlying sales were flat as prior year periods included the discontinued Somanetics product line, and customers worked down the inventory that they added last quarter in reaction to the disaster. Sales of our advanced monitoring products once again, generated strong results this quarter, and global pressure monitoring sales drove growth in our legacy product category.  In our Advanced Monitoring portfolio, late in the quarter, we received U.S. regulatory clearance for our EV1000 monitor. Clinician feedback is very positive, and we expect it to become the best in class device to boost Critical Care growth over the next couple of years. With regard to our in-hospital Glucose Monitoring program, the development of our second-generation product is nearing completion. We still anticipate obtaining CE Mark for this device by the end of this year-end, and expect to begin European sales in 2012.  In the U.S., we've met with the FDA to clarify the regulatory pathway. We plan to submit an IDE, and begin a U.S. trial early in 2012. In summary, with our strong year-to-date results, we remain confident in our outlook for Critical Care. Even though we're discontinuing certain non-strategic products as previously discussed, we continue to believe we will achieve the top of our full-year underlying sales growth guidance of 5% to 8%. Turning to Cardiac Surgery Systems. Sales for the quarter were $27 million, up 3% on a reported basis, and down 2% on an underlying basis. These results were due primarily to a voluntary recall in June of an externally supplied introducer sheet, a minor, yet integral component in our MIS product line. The issue has been resolved, and the product is available.  Growth in our core cannula business continued at its typical rate. We now expect full year CSS sales to be in the middle of our guidance range of $105 million to $115 million, with an underlying growth rate of approximately 6% to 8%. Total reported vascular sales, which is comprised of our Fogarty products, was approximately $13 million this quarter, down slightly from the prior year. And now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas Abate: Thanks, Mike. This quarter, we achieved diluted EPS of $0.48, and non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.49, which was a 7% increase versus prior year. At the same time, we increased our R&D investment by 28%, and continued to ramp our spending in preparation for our U.S. THV launch. And while we're investing heavily to prepare for that launch, excluding special items, we're still projecting double-digit earnings growth for 2011. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 70.4%, compared to 72.5% in the same period last year. This decrease was driven predominantly by a 180 basis point impact from foreign exchange. At current rates, this negative effect is expected to increase, resulting in a third quarter gross profit margin of approximately 70%. With the lift from existing FX contracts in the fourth quarter, and the expected launch of SAPIEN in the U.S., we expect to exit the year at approximately 73%. Second quarter SG&A expenses were $163 million, or 37.8% of sales, an increase of $23 million over the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by the impact of foreign exchange, plus $8 million of U.S. transcatheter heart valve launch-related investment. For full year 2011, we continue to expect SG&A to be between 37% and 39% of sales.  R&D expenses in the quarter were $65 million, or 15.1% of sales, an increase of $14 million over the prior year. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in clinical studies and development efforts in our transcatheter valve program. Also included in this quarter's figure was a $2 million in-process R&D charge pertaining to the acquisition of mitro valves technology. For full-year 2011, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 14% and 16%.  During the quarter, we recorded a $4 million charge to reflect the increased collection risk associated with our receivables increase. Additionally, we recorded a $2.5 million income tax benefit, resulting from the partial settlement of a European tax audit. The net impact of these items reduced diluted earnings per share by $0.01. Our reported tax rate for the second quarter was 20.2%. Excluding special items, this rate was 22.9%. For the full year 2011, we now expect that rate to be approximately 24%, excluding special items.  FX rates positively impacted second quarter sales by approximately $23 million, and our bottom line by $0.01 compared to the prior year. Relative to our prior guidance, there was no FX impact to our bottom line in the quarter. Looking forward, at current rates, we continue to expect $40 million to $50 million positive impact of 2011 full year sales versus prior year. Free cash flow generated during the second quarter was $42 million. We define this is cash flow from operating activities of $59 million, less capital spending of $70 million. For 2011, excluding special items, we continue to expect free cash flow to be between $190 million to $200 million.  During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 970,000 shares, for $83.2 million. We continue to project diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 120 million shares for the remainder of the year. Our balance sheet, on our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a net cash position of $293 million. Total cash of $468 million, exceeded our total debt of $175 million.  Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 69 days, a small increase from the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 2.2, relatively unchanged from prior quarter. Turning to our 2011 sales guidance. For Heart Valve Therapy, we continue to expect sales to be between $1.01 billion and $1.05 billion, with an underlying growth rate at the upper end of our 16% to 20% range.  In Critical Care, we continue to expect sales to be at the top of our $470 million to $500 million range, and underlying growth at the top of our 5% to 8% range.  In Cardiac Surgery Systems, we now expect to be in the middle of our previously stated $105 million to $115 million range, with an underlying sales growth of 6% to 8%.  [ph] For Vascular, we continue to expect sales of $50 million to $60 million. And for the full year, as before, we expect total sales to be in the range of $1.66 billion to $1.74 billion.  For the third quarter 2011, we project total sales of $395 million to $415 million, and diluted EPS of $0.37 to $0.39, excluding special items. We continue to expect full-year net income growth of 11% to 13%, and diluted EPS in the range of $2.01 to $2.07, excluding special items. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mike.
Michael Mussallem: Thank you, Tom. In closing, not only do we believe that Edwards' leading product lines are well-positioned globally to continue to contribute to our long term success. We remain optimistic for the potential of transcatheter valve technologies to drive accelerating revenue growth and expanding operating margins.  We look forward to making this therapy more available to U.S. patients suffering from severe aortic stenosis who currently have limited treatment options.  Before we open up to questions, I'd encourage you to mark your calendars for Friday, December 9, when we'll host our 2011 Investor Conference in New York. This event will include updates on our new technologies, as well as our outlook for 2012, and more information will be made available in the next couple of months. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you, Mike. order to allow broad participation in the Q&A, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue, and we will answer as many as we can during the remainder of the call. Operator, we're ready to take questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: Mike, I had a question in terms of the launch trajectory that you're assuming for SAPIEN. At your Analyst Meeting last year, you talked about 200 to 400 initial train sites. But yesterday at the panel, I believe Larry Wood, was talking about 150 to 250 sites. So can you talk a little bit about, why the change in the number of initial sites?
Michael Mussallem: You're correct, that is a change. We've updated our launch plans to include 150 to 250 centers in the first year, newly trained centers. We continue to be very confident in the $150 million to $250 million range in year one. We made the change more in collaboration with the societies, in response to their concerns that the rollout be measured, and actually, it's very consistent with our models. We have more sophisticated models at this point, than what we had at that time, and we're very comfortable. -- what it really means is, you're going to see more patients per center as a result of this change.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Inc: Okay. And then just a follow-up, Mike. You mentioned that the U.S. procedure volumes for surgical valves were a little bit weaker, but can you comment on what kind of impact maybe there is from competitive trialing of a new tissue valve on the market, is that having any impact?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, of course. No, what we're broadly -- what we noted was, that although we saw a procedure volumes, we feel like really tick up in Q1 compared to where they were on the second half. They seem like they were treated some in the second quarter compared to the first. Yes, there was a launch of a competitor product in April, and we did feel that to some extent, but that's in the numbers. I think the -- we think there was probably a bigger impact from the procedural change than there was actually from the competitive activity this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Mills.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity: Mike, in Europe, can you help us out with respect to sort of the profile of your customer base there? Really what I'm try to get at, as you talk to Amit's question about the utilization rates seemingly being higher in fewer number of centers. Could you help us understand in Europe, sort of over the last 12 months, as revenue has continued to climb, what the -- how should we characterize sort of the mix between those high-volume centers, and sort of middle volume, low-volume centers? And at the top end, was that 20% to 30% of the centers? And what sort of utilization rates are you seeing them track to?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Let me try and help you, Jason. I'm not sure that I can land you exactly on that -- on those comparisons. One of the things that we clearly, saw here, is as we introduce the 29 millimeter valve, there were patients -- that we feel like we're not treated, that we're now treating today. And so our growth, in this continued growth and growth in the market, is probably not necessarily come from more centers, but it's come from patients flowing into existing centers. So XT was helpful, and this 29 millimeter valve is helpful. Does that help you?
Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity: It does. I'm just trying to get a sense for utilization rates. I mean, clearly, you're seeing strong rates o U.S. Is that populated primarily in the top 20%, 30%, 40%. I'm just trying to get a sense of the dichotomy in Europe?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. For so for example, we're adding centers in other geographies outside Europe, that's supplementing growth. But we would say the growth was in Europe, in existing centers, it's probably the larger driver of the overall growth.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Genuity: Okay, great. And the second question is, just there was a slide that you put up yesterday with respect to the early cap experience, that surprised some panelists. That said, I think most of us are waiting for a broader swap of the continued access protocol with more patients, than we would expect, I think overtime further results to mirror more of the pivotal trial data. Could you speak to whether or not, that is something that is maybe governing your current guidance with respect to new center adds that you train centers very well based on the experience you had early on in cap?
Michael Mussallem: Okay. Let me comment a little bit about the continued access question. Yes, I think in an effort to answer the questions that were raised by panelists yesterday, we responded pretty hastily and probably, did some speculation. We shouldn't have done that. This group is really a subset. And you have to remember, what was really in front of the panel was, there was a data lock, and we've done deep and extensive analysis of the group before this. And so really, we haven't done that kind of analysis on the continued access group. We really expect that this continued access to have very much the same outcomes that are reflective of the PARTNER Trial when it gets aggregated in total.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Raj Denhoy with Jefferies & Company.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I wonder if I could [indiscernible] a little bit , I think you've mentioned that your expectation now is for an approval of the Cohort A population by April -- sorry, by the second quarter of 2012. I'm curious, is that new, and is that based upon any discussions with the FDA? Or any potential timing of the panel that you understand at this point?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We don't have any particular insight on a panel date. So no, there's nothing there. No. This is more consistent with our original assumptions. We said that we actually made that submission sometime ago, this was back in April of this year that we submitted this. We say -- we think that given the importance of this technology, that we'd have approximately one year approval timing. So that really lands us in something. And we're saying, nothing has really happened recently, that caused us to feel any differently about that timing.
Raj Denhoy - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. and then just kind of another follow-up to the panel yesterday, I think one of the things that -- the panel seems to stoke some fears amongst folks, with the concern the FDA maybe expressed over the neurologic risks that the trial demonstrated. Nothing is really new, but do you think that the agencies focused on that might have some bearing on the approval of Cohort A? Do you think it puts out anymore risk just given what we learned yesterday from the FDA's comments and their concern?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, and no, it's a good point. And obviously, it was focused on very, very heavily. And there's no doubt that stroke is an issue, and it's a very important issue. And no one is more committed to trying to resolve those issues than we are. But I guess, as it relates to the approval of Cohort A, in the final analysis after an awful lot of discussion, the panel even agreed that the benefits outweigh the risk for Cohort B. And we think that, that will continue to be the case for Cohort A. Remember, Cohort A clearly met its endpoints, and that data has been out there and available for some time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart with Deutsche Bank.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Mike, I guess in your prepared remarks, you had mentioned about the coding for the valves, and I was wondering if you can just move over that a little bit. I know that their were some discussions in March to try to separate out for the ICD-9 codes, specifically for transcatheter valves. And you had said that, I missed that a little bit, but did you say that they had formally approved separate codes that they'll map under the surgical? Or that they'll just continue to flow under the surgical codes?
Michael Mussallem: Let me repeat those, Kristen, and see if it's clear, and if not come back. You said in March, CMS indicated that the aortic valve replacement codes are proper for the reimbursement of TAVR procedures, until the permanent codes take effect on October 1. And that in June, the new procedural codes were formally approved, we expect those codes to be aligned to the payment codes in the August -- at the IPPS final rule. So I know we're sort of getting into the weeds a little bit, but we thought as we are getting closer, that we wanted to give you a little bit more detail on what's going on and what to anticipate, is that helpful?
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes. In March, as I recall, was that they felt that the surgical replacing codes were proper, is that correct?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, that's correct, that's what I'm trying to indicate. There are surgical codes that are currently designated for patients that are severe, and complicated cases. And those are the codes that we expect to map to.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Right. Because I know there were some discussions back then, that there might be separate codes specific for transcatheter, but that will not be done this year.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I mean, you're into a broader subject, and whether there's going to be new codes and national coverage decisions and so forth, and that's more difficult to ascertain.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. That was going to be my next question, just in terms of CMS reimbursement. One of the things that came up yesterday at the panel was the notion that there should be some form of registry. To what level could there be some sort of linkage between reimbursement and a registry, by way of like a covered evidence development, like we've seen with some other technologies?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, you're correctly noted, Kristen, that there's a strong desire amongst the physicians in the societies in particular, to have a registry. They'd love to track all patients for a new transformative technology like this. What we believe will be the case, and we've continued to stay on this, is that CMS will reimburse to the label and to the labeling -- so the evolution to our registry, that would be great. If that happened, there's a lot to be done, between where we are right now on our registry, that would really accomplish all the goals. We're currently working with FDA on a post-approval study. And that the registry really doesn't exist yet. But big picture, we really think that CMS is going to continue to reimburse the label.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: And your guidance is based on that view? Just only label?
Michael Mussallem: Our guidance is based on the view that CMS will reimburse the label.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Luis, Morgan Stanley.
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Mike, I appreciate the updated timing on PARTNER IIa. Is it safe to assume at this time, when the IDE gets formalized, that we're going to see 2-year follow-up data as part of that IDE?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, it's a great question. That P2A is not final yet. We said that we would expect that we would get that finalized and approved by the end of August. There's been questions raised, and we're in discussion right now, on whether there should be longer follow-up and how many patients. I would just summarize to say, we'd be pleased to have a longer follow-up period if it enables us to study a broader patient population, okay? And we're in those exact discussions with them today. Again, not final, but we think that's a very good trade-off for patients and the company.
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Okay, very helpful. And Mike, at a recent clinical meeting, there was some discussion about whether there should be a more direct study, comparing transapical versus traditional aortic valve surgery, and there were some discussions that perhaps Edwards was thinking of funding such a study perhaps in Europe. Is Edwards thinking of funding such a study? Do you think the study is necessary? Or would you like to see a study like that be funded?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, we have not taken a position on that one. I can tell you, just by going through our prioritized list, this has not floated to the top of the list. We're more interested in getting these technologies, the next generation technologies available to patients. And so I don't see us necessarily sponsoring that. There may be some small studies, David, but you know, again, I don't think you're going to see anything very profound coming from us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo Investments.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: On the centers in year one, just a clarification, 150 to 250 new centers, so that's on top of existing centers, is that correct, Mike?
Michael Mussallem: Yes.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And do you think that CMS or FDA will play a role in certifying centers, or do you think they'll leave it up to the company?
Michael Mussallem: It's a good question. I think that's not clear at this point. I think that societies believe that they can play a very useful role. And you can see that the ACC and STS have stepped forward and talked about their views. You may have heard a little bit yesterday, about the fact that 4 societies, 2 cardiology, and 2 surgery societies are working collaboratively to write guidelines. So I think you'll see an evolution of that. And I think it would increase their collective confidence that this is going to be done in a high integrity fashion. Whether that exactly happens or not, I don't know. I don't think it changes a lot from our perspective, because I think we're largely on the exact same page of the societies in terms of, what kind of centers would be qualified to do this, or what kind of patients this would be appropriate for. We continue to be on the same page of sort of, is the right patients, right technology for them, and trying to drive very high outcomes.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: So Mike, you're confident in the 150 to 250 centers, that everybody will be on the same page? And then I had a follow-up.
Michael Mussallem: I think so, Larry. I mean, I tell you, we do -- we reiterated our confidence to the $150 million to $250 million. We believe that, that's very much doable within this 150 to 250 additional training centers.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: And Mike, on the transapical alarm for Cohort A, after 12 months, we saw the mortality rate become higher, for transapical versus surgery. Do you have -- could you talk a little bit to that? Are you going to have more follow-up data beyond 12 months when you present at panel? I mean there's obviously -- there's some concern in the investment community about the approvability of transapical in Cohort A. Is there any light you can shed on that, that would ease people's concerns?
Michael Mussallem: I guess I'll say this, Larry, I don't know that we saw a lot different in the PARTNER results than we've seen in Europe with our source registry. And I don't know whether you took note of the comment of how well, and how strong the demand is for transapical in Europe. So this is where they actually have the availability of SAPIEN XT. And here, we have almost as high a TA volume as we have TF. And it's a market where everything is available. And I think that should be quite a signal to people. The other thing to know, that as we try and preserve this heart team, the TA becomes essential for a high-level of engagement by surgeons. So we really think, yes, of course, there'll be more data analyzed on TA. But remember, that's a much sicker patient population. They've performed, we think, very consistently with expectations, and so we're not overly concerned about that.
Thomas Abate: It's also the only way that a patient with a small vessel gets access to the technology. So you have to keep in mind that there are folks that the TF procedure is not the best choice for them. So that they're very high-risk patients, and this is something that without TA, they don't have a solution. So it's very critical to us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan Chase.
Christopher Pasquale - JP Morgan Chase & Co: This is Chris Pasquale here for Mike. I just want to follow-up on the question about the pace of center start-ups in the U.S. Mike, has your view changed on the way the market will play out long-term, with more concentrated volumes at large centers? Or you're just paring back your initial rollout plans, with the idea that, eventually, the technology will be disseminated broadly?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Chris, I would say, broadly. At this point, our view has not really changed in the long term in terms of what we're going to see. There's a lot of questions that have been raised about regional centers of excellence, and that's, I think, an important consideration along the way. We're the beneficiary of an awful lot of experience outside the U.S. And it's just not large surgical centers that necessarily equal great success with transcatheter heart valves. There are many factors involved. And we think overtime, this is a technology that actually, can be useful in more than just a few centers. We don't expect this to be restrictive to kind of way, that you might see some of the other more complicated technologies restricted.
Christopher Pasquale - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on Embrella, when can we expect some results from that European study? I would assume the follow-up there is going to be pretty short. And how are you thinking about the potential to include cerebral protection in PARTNER II?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. At this point, it's premature to talk about Embrella and PARTNER II. We want to gain some first hand experience. What we try to relate here is, that we're in the process of bringing Embrella into Edwards right now. This means, run it through all of Edwards' quality systems, and make sure that it's bulletproof. We're going to be in a position to start clinical trial in the fourth quarter to really take a look at that thoroughly in multiple centers. You're right, we don't need a lot of follow-up, because we're really going to be most focused on the more acute success. So we would think, probably, early in 2012, we'll start to get some kind of signal. I don't know if it's going to be a strong enough signal to make decisions at that point, but we'll start learning at that point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bruce Nudell with Crdit Suisse.
Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG: Mike, you had mentioned that the data set for transapical in PARTNER Ia is likely to be augmented. To what extent and what's the data source that it'll be the kind of randomized apple-to-apple? How large a augmentation might we expect?
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Bruce. I don't know -- if I sent that signal, I'd didn't mean to send that signal, that we were going to augment the data set in Cohort A. We think it's a really robust data set that's based on a very strong randomized clinical trial. I mean, you saw that the results were even published in New England Journal of Medicine. So we think we've got some pretty strong data. There'll be longer follow-up of course, that goes on, because that's going to be available at that time. But if I send a signal that there's going to be supplemental data, I didn't mean to.
Bruce Nudell - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. And then just one follow-up, just conceptually, when you think about the evolution of the market, and you think about the ultimate split between inoperable and operable in the next 5 years or so, do you think they'll be like heavy recruitment of people who currently don't even get referred for surgical consult, but are rejected. You know, like people who, doctors just don't even think, are even worthy of forwarding on?
Michael Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Bruce. I guess our best way to be able to talk about that is to relate a little bit to our experience outside of the U.S. We've consistently seen that there is more patients that come into the system, than came into the system when it was only surgery that was an option. And that of course, when those patients come in, some of those will be good candidates for transcatheter heart valves, but in other cases, they're going to be good surgical candidates. And in some cases, they're going to be so far gone, that they're just not good candidates for either one of these therapies. But it's no doubt, that when there's an option like transcatheter heart valves available, that it stimulates more patient demand. And there's a percentage that goes each way. Overall, it's net growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Two questions for Mike, then a question for Tom. Mike, can you just remind us how many centers in the U.S. are currently trained to do the TAVR procedure?
Michael Mussallem: In the U.S., today, we have, it's really the partner sites, it's in the neighborhood of 25 sites. So that gives you a sense for it.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: So it's 25, plus the 150 to 250 in year one. That's the right math, correct?
Michael Mussallem: Yes.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: And then, are you still confident of an October approval?
Michael Mussallem: We still feel good about that. Obviously, when you're trying to predict something like this, it becomes nearly impossible. You all have a chance to see a lot of companies that go through this process. But given what we've already been through, the power of the results, that we feel like was a strong panel yesterday, we continue to feel that that's a pretty reasonable estimate.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, great. And then for Tom, in the $0.49 that you delivered on an adjusted basis, you said there was a $2 million in-process R&D charge. A lot of companies would exclude that from the adjusted numbers. So I'm just curious why that was included.
Thomas Abate: Thanks for acknowledging that, Glenn. We felt that -- and it was the smallest of an item that it was, it was fair to actually talk about it, identify it, but to include it in our figures.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: When I plug it in my number, it looks like it took $0.01, or $0.02 out of the results, am I off there?
Thomas Abate: No, absolutely. It's slightly over $0.01.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay, because on the surface, people are going to say, you missed your EPS number relative to consensus. So if you excluded that a lot of companies do, you would have been in line to slightly better, is that fair to say?
Thomas Abate: That is absolutely correct, Glenn.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Roman with Goldman Sachs.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I wanted to follow up on some of the questions others have asked regarding stroke. On the last call going into the AATS meeting, I think there was some suggestion that when we saw the data, that further stratified the patients in PARTNER A, we may be able to derive a more specific conclusion about which patients are most at risk for stroke to try to better get, or get a handle on which patients might be excluded, or at least, viewed as less likely to be in the PARTNER A population. Was there anything you guys saw on that data that would better help articulate the PARTNER A population most at risk for stroke, and how we should think about that?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. I mean, you all had a chance -- and thanks for the question, David. You all had a chance to hear that discussion yesterday and look at it. And you could see that there was a strong desire by the FDA, certainly a strong desire on the part of our own CEC and Executive Committee to get much deeper on stroke than was ever anticipated when we started the trial. So remember, part of it was noted as [indiscernible]. When we went into the trial, we just were ready to talk all stroke. And now we want to get much deeper and cut this so that we can learn more about it. We know a few things, as it relates to PARTNER A. The TA patients, by their nature, have a higher risk of stroke. So these are patients, because they have peripheral vascular disease in most cases, are going to automatically put them in it. Broadly though, this field is still relatively new. I think there's a strong belief on the part of those that are practicing, that anti-platelet therapy is going to be important. And so that standard is still being sharpened, and moving it from simply, a guideline to a requirement we think will be important. And we're working closely with the clinical communities to define this more clearly.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And as you work through some of those details, whether it's defining anti-platelet therapy, or other measures that physicians have to undertake upon adoption of procedure, are these measures that you anticipate will be fully defined before you gain approval, and hence, included in the label, or things that will start of evolve over time? And will we see modifications to treatment paradigms as the product gets rolled out commercially?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. Well, those are being defined for PARTNER II. I don't think you're going to see those in a label and there's no real way of enforcing that. That's really left to clinicians to use their judgment. I wouldn't be surprised if many clinicians move to what is believed as best practice. But no, I think guidelines are going to evolve more slowly over time clinical results.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And Tom, very quickly on the P&L gross margins, I just want to clarify, is 180 basis points headwind related to currency, and assuming rates stay at current level, you would be similar to where you were this quarter in the third quarter?
Thomas Abate: Actually, the FX impact increases pretty significantly. And that's one of the reasons why I tried to give you a specific number for Q3. So I'd say, stick close to that.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then the 73% exiting the year, that's entirely driven by product mix?
Thomas Abate: No. What we try to do is 2 components. So there's a big improvement in FX, in fact it has almost has no impact on the margin in the fourth quarter. So it's that FX improvement, plus the introduction, the assumed introduction of SAPIEN. So 2 factors get us to the 73%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Andrew with William Blair.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Mike, maybe talk a little bit more about the cap data, and when we could see a broader set that you sort of referred to earlier in the call.
Michael Mussallem: I don't really know there -- we probably got into a discussion that I'm not sure that we really belonged in to get into this continued access population. I'm sure it's going to be analyzed at some point. Our view is that, it's not going to be material to FDA as they evaluate whether that they should go forward on PARTNER B, but we'll obviously, do any kind of analysis that they like. But the continued access population, it really deserves careful looking at, because you have the group that was discussed yesterday, which those that are still randomized. Then, you had a broader group after randomization. Now that group goes up to I think, 400-plus patients and growing. And so this gets substantial. And we have to take into account, some of these patients actually start crossing over, and so the PAS, again, follow just like all pivotal trials do, it will follow and have analysis in the long run, but probably not in the near term. We'll -- one thing that you probably heard, we are committed to follow these patients for 5 years.
Ben Andrew - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Right. And then just thinking about the existing centers, the 25-ish you mentioned from PARTNER 1, versus the new centers you bring on. How do you think about the mix of patients between those 2 groups, say, in the first quarter versus, say, the first-year? In terms of where the patients are going to be treated.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I think there's no doubt for those centers that already have some referral networks developed, like those that are partner sites. You're going to see them do many more cases. Now the other side of that is brand-new centers will do some stocking orders. So you'll also see quite a bit come from them. So the combination of those 2, we said, will generate between $20 million and $25 million in the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Spencer Nam with Madison Williams.
Spencer Nam - Madison Williams and Company LLC: Just a couple of quick questions here. So this 150 to 250 sites that you guys are talking about, what scenario do you end up with 150 versus 250? How should we think about -- because to me those 2 numbers, a big gap between them. And I was curious how you guys think about 2 different outcomes there?
Michael Mussallem: Clearly, if we were at the lower end of that, that would affect our ultimate sales for the first year.
Spencer Nam - Madison Williams and Company LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then on the reimbursement, I'm interested in finding out what you guys, in terms of your conversation with CMS and other private payers, kind of getting ready for this launch. What do you guys think about their willingness to pay? Clearly, there are some established guidelines from surgical sites and all that, but given that this is a new procedure, what is the risk of the reimbursement community, squeezing the reimbursement guideline, a little bit more than, maybe U.S. anticipated. How comfortable are you guys are, thinking that you guys will get a fair shake in terms of reimbursement?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We believe that we will. It's impossible to be able to predict the future on this, of course. But we believe that CMS is going to continue, or will stay true to the standard of reimbursing to labeling. This will be a well-vetted procedure that's backed up with randomized clinical trials, an awful lot of discussion, deep engagements by the societies. And we think that in the final analysis, this judgment, that the benefits outweigh the risk, are going to carry over to reimbursement policy as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sara Michelmore with Brean Murray.
Sara Michelmore - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC: Mike, I just thought I changed the subject to INTUITY, if I could. And you mentioned a little bit about reimbursement in Europe following a CE Mark late in the year. But if you could just provide us just a little bit more color in terms of how that would work? If you actually would need formal reimbursement to get the procedure going in Europe? Or just general thoughts, would be helpful.
Michael Mussallem: Thanks, Sara, that's helpful. Yes, what we said was that our initial focus of our commercial efforts is that go to a select group of centers, and collect that clinical outcome measures and economic data, Quality of Life data. What we meant is, we'll have a CE Mark, it gives us the ability to go out and sell, but we don't think we want to go through a broad launch at this point. Because what we'd like to do is to have INTUITY's value established before we go to launch. And so I guess maybe -- and I'm guessing now what's underneath your question here. That would probably mean that you wouldn't anticipate a lot of INTUITY sales while we're still collecting those data because we think there's a much bigger picture, a much more important one that we need to develop. And so we're taking long run view there. We've said, let's collect the data that's necessary. And we believe all the signals are there, that would allow us to demonstrate that this has high economic value, and that, that is in place before a broad launch.
Sara Michelmore - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC: Understood. And then in terms of the U.S. clinical trial, I don't think you've shared much in terms of the details there, and I understand your in front of the FDA with this IDE submission. And just in general terms, what do you have to demonstrate for that clinical trials at a large undertaking, is it a controlled, versus a standard care, a standard surgery, can you just give us just a big picture will be helpful?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We're still in discussions. We're sure don't think it's going to be bigger than PARTNER. But this valve can be interpreted, either as a surgical valve or something very novel. And we're in those discussions. I don't have any specifics to share with you at this point.
Sara Michelmore - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC: Okay. So it's not determined right now what the scope of that trial would be at some point, okay. And then, in terms of XT in Japan, you are on schedule, I guess, for a 2013 approval potentially. But where does that stand in terms of reimbursement for the valve? How will that work in a Japanese market?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. There's kind of a 2-step process in Japan, in general. We pursue regulatory approval, and we're well down that path. And so the regulators pointed us towards some specific clinical data that they'd like to see generated in Japan. And as we say, that trial is enrolled at this point. And so it's gone through its time period. And so it's going through its time period. And once that data is analyzed and so forth, then we expect it to be a favorable result. And again, I'll remind you that this is a SAPIEN XT that we're going for in Japan. Then we make a separate petition to the Ministry of Health and Welfare for reimbursement. And our intention would be, to have reimbursement in place before we launch.
Sara Michelmore - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC: Okay. And then just one last one on Magna Ease, that approval in Japan, was I guess, a quarter earlier than I think you had told us you were planning for. Can you just remind us what the opportunity is for that valve in that market?
Michael Mussallem: Sure. Thanks. And this probably needs to be the last one. Thanks, Sara, though for your diligence. Yes, we were pleased. We weren't expecting the Magna Ease aortic valve this soon, so we were very pleased to get that approval. This has become our #1 selling valve in the world, so we're very excited about bringing that in Japan. You may know that we have a very strong market position in Japan. So this is going to be an opportunity for us to move our customers through this lower profile. It's particularly going to be helpful for these smaller patients. So not only will it be a bit of an upgrade for those that are already buying Edwards products, but we think it's going to bring some patients that are small today that might to get mechanical valves over to a tissue valve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Taylor with Barclays Capital.
Matthew Taylor: Just a couple of questions about the panel yesterday. I'm curious to know whether you thought the feedback from the panel was consistent from the feedback that you've gotten from clinicians throughout the progress of doing the PARTNER trials? And if there's anything that surprised you about the panel, or the feedback from the clinicians or the FDA.
Michael Mussallem: Well, I would say, broadly, nothing really new. Probably, a bit of a difference in tone map was there. It's clear that this panel is not nearly as close as many of the clinicians that we deal with, where this has become a big part of their life's work. And so we end up having more detailed conversations. And in a way, this is a chance for us to step back and have some experts review this, that aren't so deep in our technology, and don't know so much about these patients and this disease. So we feel like that we probably even need to do a better job of explaining to this group where we are. I don't know if that gets at your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Suraj Kalia with Rodman & Renshaw.
Suraj Kalia - Rodman & Renshaw, LLC: Michael, first and foremost congrats on the panel decision. Everything I've heard on the quarterly calls, Michael, suggests that the U.S. market dynamics are going to be dot-for-dot, what we have seen in Europe. You look at the consensus numbers, everything, seems like it's mapping out, people are mapping it out pretty closely. The question I have, Michael, is, I'm curious, are checks in Europe, suggest that 60% to 70% of these valves are being put off label and I'm curious in your assessment, one, related to the stroke rates that we are seeing, currently, admittedly, there's a higher profile, larger profile device. But I'm just interested, how do we -- how should we look at the market dynamics in the U.S, especially related to what's happening in Europe and how that will flow through into the U.S.?
Michael Mussallem: Sure. thanks for that question, Raj. Well, let's start from the top. We absolutely do not agree that 60% to 70% of the valves are being used off-label. We think a high, high percentage of these valves are being used on label. I think label actually, calls for more than a euro score of 15 or 20, and we're tracking in the 25% range. So the first registry showed 27, I think we're around 25 today. So we're very, very comfortable in terms of some very high-risk patients that are being treated. Now I can't speak to whether, competitors are also following that. But certainly, we know we're a big part of the people that are serving that. Those patients in Europe. And that we're very rigorous about helping people stay on label, and we don't think it has. There was just recently a circulation paper that was published, I think it was Dr. Martin Thomas that actually authored that, and he had a quote that was in that, that says, "there's not been indication creep." And again, I don't have the words exactly right, but I would encourage you to go back and review that. I think it was just published in the last few weeks.
Thomas Abate: And he repeated that at the panel. It is the testimony of the panel also yesterday.
Suraj Kalia - Rodman & Renshaw, LLC: And final question, Michael, one of the things that caught our attention in the panel yesterday was, the switch in definition of stroke from old stroked to major stroke. I'm sure there are legitimate clinical arguments Marty Leon [ph] and the Edwards team has made, but just fast forward, looking at Cohort A, can something trip us in terms of this old stroke versus -- I mean, if memory serves me right, at one year, I think transfemoral was like 5% or so, and I forget what the control was 2 or something. I'm just curious -- and it's said major stroke, I remember that. But when you look at old stroke with the FDA threw a wrench in this whole process again, or how should we look about that?
Michael Mussallem: I think it's a good way. I think stroke is key on everybody's mind, because when you think about complications, here's probably the most serious complication. And actually, we look forward to tackling this stroke issue, because if we can get this one managed, we think there's substantial upside. But you have to remember, when we went into this thing and the trial was designed sometime ago, it was indeed indicated, that we were going to measure all stroke. That's what was prespecified, and what FDA reminded us is that, the pure science is to stay with those prespecified measures. Along the way, it became apparent that stroke was becoming an important complication that needed to be understood. And so it wasn't just my Marty Leon [ph], but our clinical events committee, our Executive Committee, that said they really value deeper analysis. And so they started cutting it, not only by major stroke and minor stroke, but many other ways. We -- I want to remind you, we continue to provide all the data exactly the way FDA wanted it. In other words, by all strokes. But we supplemented it with this additional analysis. This was all under the banner of trying to understand it better. And we recognize that for Cohort A, there's a 2% to 4% higher level of stroke in these patients. But again, this is a very sick group.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart with Deutsche Bank.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: One of the things that came up yesterday was also, the valve and valves, I guess the lack of preclinical data. I'm just wondering to the extent that the FDA wants that, or I guess what are your thoughts that the FDA would want that before approval and to what extent could you get them data to get them comfortable, if that's the case.
Michael Mussallem: Since we're not seeking that as an indication, we didn't feel any reason that we needed to provide that data. We certainly understand exactly where FDA is coming from, because some clinicians, in an effort to save patients lives, in many cases where there aren't options, aren't going to want to use our valves. And I think where this ultimately landed, is that FDA will probably put some kind of warning, and that reminds people that we don't have any data on valve and valve. But we don't think that that's going to constrain the approval of the product.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, great. And then, we had discussed already the coding from a hospital perspective. Any color that you have on how physicians will be reimbursed for these procedures? Will they map also to surgical code, or will they map to some other code, perhaps more of an interventional code?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. We don't have clear definition of that. It's going to happen after FDA approval, and we'll know more. At that point, we're going to make our application for those codes. So that's really one step away, so we don't have the specifics to add. It will be a specifically new code.
Kristen Stewart - Deutsche Bank AG: And the cost effectiveness Cohort A, is that still this fall?
Michael Mussallem: [indiscernible]
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elie Kobrin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Elie Kobrin: I think Mike, one of the takeaways from the panel yesterday was that the assessment of stroke, in TAVR trials going forward needs to be much more rigorous. And there was even discussion about potentially including neurological evaluations by neurologists for all patients in these trials. I was wondering if you could speak to any components of the PARTNER II protocol, that specifically address that issue?
Michael Mussallem: I think that's a great observation, Elie. Yes, in fact, in our PARTNER II discussions, there have been specific discussions about doing neuro assessments. And we're in agreement with doing that. We're all committed to learning together, and this is going to be evaluated much more thoroughly in the future.
Elie Kobrin: So is that being incorporated into the ongoing PARTNER II trial now? Or is there any, do you guys have a reason to believe FDA may want you to actually pause the study and revise the protocol?
Michael Mussallem: Well, I need to go back and check, but my understanding, is that it would be incorporated into PARTNER IIa. I don't know for a fact that it's incorporated in PARTNER IIb.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bruce Jackson.
Bruce Jackson - Morgan Joseph TriArtisan LLC: Getting back to the valve in valve, are you collecting any clinical data? And would you comment on your long-term regulatory strategy for valve in valve?
Michael Mussallem: I probably haven't done a very good job of explaining it. When you listen to the panelist yesterday, it's why the heck don't you generate some valve in valve data? And the short answer is, it's not that simple to analyze. So there's a few things that you could evaluate. In other words, you need to do specific studies within specific valves, right? And when you start thinking about failing tissue valves, there aren't that many that are out there. So being able to do the appropriate tests and get the appropriate models for failing tissue valves and fulfill regulatory requirements for doing it, it's difficult and challenging to do. And you're probably going after some very small numbers in the final analysis. So that probably is more meaningful. Obviously, it's meaningful to patients. It's probably not a big driver in terms of number of patients that you're going to get valve in valve in total. Is that helped clarify it? Or do you have more specific question, Bruce.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan Chase.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I might have missed this earlier, but 2 quick questions. Will we see further follow-up from Cohort A, STCC, and part of the reason I'm asking, Mike, was on the discussion on the transapical subset in particular, there was -- as the numbers got very small. As we went out behind 12 months, there was some question as to where the curves were heading, the mortality curves, for the transapical arm, versus the control arm. And I was wondering if we actually would see a larger and out 18 months or more?
Michael Mussallem: The real specific answer, Mike, is I don't know exactly what's going to be presented at TCT. You know there's going to be a strong desire to see more data. I think I specifically, don't know the answer, Mike. So I'll leave it there.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Not a problem. And I wanted to make sure I kind of got the bounce back of what you said earlier with regard to the CMS, so I just want to make sure your thoughts and process there hasn't changed. Your expectation is still that CMS will not issue a national cover decision or not to open one up at least, prior to the FDA approval?
Michael Mussallem: Yes. At this point, we're not sure of the timing of a national coverage decision. At one time, we would've thought that it was some ways off. There's more discussion today, more engagement by societies, and it's possible that a national coverage decision could be sooner than we originally thought. Big picture, we continue to believe that CMS is going to reimburse the label. And as long as that's the case, we really don't think there's any changes to our models.
Operator: Sir, there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Michael Mussallem: Great. Thank you. And thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom, and David, and I are going to welcome any other additional questions by telephone. Let me turn it back over to you David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. The reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com.  If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this please dial (877) 660-6853 or (201) 612-7415, use account number 2995, and the passcode is 375014.  Additionally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson - VP, IR Mike Mussallem - Chairman and CEO Tom Abate - Corporate VP, CFO & Treasurer
Analysts:  Bob Hopkins - Bank of America David Roman - Goldman Sachs Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Bruce Nudell - UBS Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse Chris Pasquale - JPMorgan Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams Tim Lee - Piper Jeffery Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets Sara Michelmore - Cowen  Jeff Englander - Standard & Poors  
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations for Edwards Lifesciences Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our fourth quarter 2009 financial results. During today's call we'll discuss those results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO and Treasurer. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call we will be making forward looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to our sales, gross profit margin, net income, earnings per share and free cash flow goals and other financial expectations for 2010; the regulatory approval and sales of heart valve therapy products including Magna Mitral Ease, and Physio II; clinical study of Project Odyssey the continued adoption and expected 2010 sales of the Edwards SAPIEN valve; the receipt of formal reimbursement for SAPIEN; the timing, progress and results of clinical studies including the PARTNER Trial and the US approval of SAPIEN; the development of continuous blood glucose monitoring technology and the impact of foreign exchange fluctuation on our financial results. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, and our other SEC filings which are available on our website at edwards.com. With that, Ill turn the call to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thank you David. 2009 was another successful year for Edwards on several fronts including achieving substantial earnings growth and continuing to make significant investments in our future. We're proud to report that the matter exceeded all of our 2009 financial goals. Our total sales diluted earnings per share and free cash flow all exceeded our original guidance while our gross profit margin increased to 69.8% of sales which was at the high end of our 68% to 70% goal. We also extended our leadership in Transcatheter Heart Valve. We fully enrolled the US Partner Trial and prepared to launch our next generation Sapien XT outside the US. We continue to see very favorable clinical results and believe we are will positioned to continue to lead in this transformational therapy. This is a strong year for top line growth. As we achieved an underlying sales growth of 11% in 2009. And Heart Valve therapy during our second year of Transcatheter and Heart Valve sales, we achieved a $112 million and exceeded our goal of doubling Sapien implants in 2009. We also introduced our Magna Ease aortic valve in the US and our Physio II ring in the US and Europe. Now turning to fourth quarter results, on a reported basis total sales grew 11.9% to $347 million and grew 10.2% on an underlying basis. Reported sales were lifted by approximately $17 million from foreign exchange, largely offset by discontinued products. Reported sales for Heart Valve therapy were $188 million, representing a 26% growth over last year, which included a $9 million contribution for foreign exchange. Sales grew 15% on an underlying basis driven by strong Transcatheter Valve sale and recent US surgical product introductions. Globally surgical Heart Valve sales grew approximately 8% on a underlying basis for the fourth quarter. The US continue to play a significant role and sales grew approximately 10% and we gained share during the quarter. For the full year 2009, surgical heart valves grew 8.4%, new products drove the global growth and unit share gains, particularly noteworthy were the performances in the US and Japan, where we saw strong adoption of our newly approved Magna valves, we expect these new launches to enable us to continue our surgical heart valve sales momentum in 2010. This year we planned to introduce Magna Mitral Ease in the US and Europe during the third quarter this new micro valve enables easier implantation and is specifically configured to facilitate minimally invasive surgery invasive surgery. We believe this is an important step forward as it offers patients and surgeons an expanded set of options. At [STS] we announced the first implants of our new MIS aortic valve surgery system called Project Odyssey and we performed at two centers in Germany. This system (inaudible) our expertise and heart valves within innovations and delivery to enable an even faster procedure with both the shorter patient time of bypass and smaller incision. We have begun actively enrolling patients and a small clinical feasibility study called TRITON and if results look favorable we'll expanded to a CE mark trial. Turning to repair, underlying growth in the quarter was approximately 8%. The strong adoption of our Physio II rings in the US and Europe played a role in driving global sales this quarter as customers continued to convert to this ring. In addition, we introduce new minimally invasive accessories to use with our Physio II ring, and in January we launched this ring in Japan and expected to see a strong adoption over the next several quarters. Last month the FDA issued draft guidelines for the development of heart valve products and these guidelines are currently open to industry and public comment. A prime review there appears to be a high degree of consistency between the new guidelines and current industry practice, therefore we dont expect this process to result in any significant change to our business. We are working together with our industry peers thats part of an (inaudible) heart valve working group to respond to the FDA during this comment period. To summarize, we are in the first year of launch for Magna Ease and Physio II and combined with our Magna Mitral Ease launch later this year, we are confident in about our ability to drive continued growth and share gains throughout 2010. In addition, we'll continue to make substantial investments and our strong product pipeline which we expect to fuel our success beyond this year. Turning to Transcatheter Heart Valves, we had a strong finish to the year, achieving fourth quarter SAPIEN sales of $35 million driven by robust sales in Europe and continued international expansion. In addition, for 2009 we exceeded our goal of doubling the number of Transcatheter and Heart Valve procedures compared to 2008. We are making good progress on obtaining four more reimbursement in Europe. Last quarter we announced reimbursement for Germany, and we are pleased that France also granted formal reimbursement beginning on January 1. Procedures in France will be reimbursed that approximately EUR27,000 to EUR28,000 with coverage for both transapical and transfemoral approaches. This is important news as France is the second largest market in Europe. We expect the implementation of formal reimbursement to expand the use of Transcatheter Valves. We continue to pursue formal reimbursement in other countries, but in the mean time the same dynamic surrounding transitional funding continue to exist and we remain pleased that hospitals are able to perform these procedures. We look forward to a steady stream of clinical data being presented at medical meetings during the year. In May one year of source data which represents our European commercial experience will be featured at EuroPCR in Paris. Turning to our US partner trial, as previously discussed we completed enrollment both arms of our IDE trial for SAPIEN and are continuing to enroll approximately 40 patient per month under continued access. As previously mentioned we planned to submit Cohort B data independently and expect to complete one year follow-up by the end of April 2010. Given our current projections, we anticipate Cohort B data to be presented in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter we would expect to submit to the FDA for approval. For Cohot A we completed enrollment in August of 2009 and anticipate FDA submission in mid 2011. As a reminder Cohort A compares randomized patients to either SAPIEN technology or surgery and includes the transapical approach. We remain confident in our partner trial design assuming our favorable data comparison and a one-year approval process this would result in US SAPIEN approval for medically managed patients in 2011. Building a upon our transcatheter platform we continue to make excellent progress on our next generation SAPIEN XT which enables access the smaller arteries thereby expanding the treatable patient population. In Europe, we continue to anticipate CEE mark approval and a discipline launch of SAPIEN XT with our NovaFlex system in the first quarter of 2010 with increased adoption throughout the year. Additionally, we are pleased to report the completion of several successful cases with our new larger or 29 millimeter SAPIEN XT valve. The addition of the 29 millimeter valve to our SAPIEN XT portfolio is important as of expense of treatable patient population for transcatheter heart valve. This valve is expected to be commercially available in Europe later in 2010. We are also continuing to enroll patients in the PREVAIL TA study of our SAPIEN XT with the lower profile a sender to delivery system. We still anticipate introducing this system in the second quarter. In the fourth quarter, we submitted our US IDE for the Partner 2 trial which will study our SAPIEN XT valve, this trail which includes both our NovaFlex and our sender to delivery systems will target high risk patients. We receive questions from the FDA and are working closely with them to further the approval process. Based on the current rigorous regulatory environment trial approval maybe delayed into the second quarter of 2010. In Japan, we completed out first compassionate used cases with the SAPIEN valve using both delivery systems last October. We are pleased to report that we received approval of our clinical; trial design and intend to start a trial with our SAPIEN XT during the second quarter of 2010. Successful trial completion could result in an approval as early as 2013. We are very excited to achieve this milestone as we expect this technology to be an attractive option for Japanese patients. With regard to the core valve litigation we are pleased with the recent decision in Germany which found our German Anderson patent valid. The UK Anderson patent was earlier found valid as well. We expect a decision on our infringement appeal versus core valve in Germany later this month. In the US case against core valve we continue to prepare for the jury trial which is scheduled to begin next month. We believe Edwards has the strongest transcatheter valve patent portfolio and enforcing our intellectual property as an important element of our broad leadership strategy. In summary, we are coming of a great 2009 with $112 million in sales and based on our momentum, we remained confident in meeting our $170 million to $190 million expectation this year. As we expand the reach of this exciting technology we will remained focus as always on our clinical success. 2010 promises to be an eventful year with several important commercial and clinical milestones that will help us set the stage for the future. Now turning to critical care, for the fourth quarter critical care reported $121 million in sales. On an underlying basis we grew 7.2% which excludes the positive $6 million impact from foreign exchange and a negative $11 million dollars associated with the sale of our hemofiltration product line, underlying growth was driven by the strong sales of FloTrac pressure monitoring product and PreSep. FloTrac results continue to benefit from the earlier launch of a third generation algorithm which enhances its accuracy when used in patients with sepsis and other critical illnesses. This product enhancement enables FloTrac to address an even wider range of patients and continues to be very well received by clinicians. In pressure monitoring, we continue to gain share based on our market leading products and sales of PreSep showed continued solid growth as a result of clinicians increasing adoption of early goals record therapy protocol for the treatment of Sepsis, also we recently announced an agreement with Phillips to display oximetry results while using our catheters at their monitors. This agreement will allow clinicians to more conveniently obtain the valuable information delivered by our products. As you maybe aware there is a US field corrective action underway out of hemo filtration product part of a product line we divested to Baxter last year. We are assisting Baxter in providing customers with a software upgrade. We dont expect this to have a material impact on our financial results. With regard to our continuous glucose monitoring program, during the quarter we received this CE Mark and have begun clinical evaluation of our first generation product in a limited number of European sites. This year we plan to continue post approval trials in Europe to gain real world experience in a variety of clinical situations and implement system enhancements. In addition, in the US we anticipate filing for regulatory approval in the middle of 2010. There is growing evidence that closely monitoring glucose levels in critically ill patients can positively impact patient care and outcomes. We are excited about this new opportunity to fill an unmet need and anticipate that our investment in this technology will help drive long term growth in critical care. In conclusion we've stepped up our critical care growth rate in the second half of 2009, we also made significant progress in making our parameters more accessible to clinicians while strengthening the evidence that demonstrates the value of our technology. And in 2010 on an underlying basis we continue to spec critical care sales to grow 5% to 8%. Turning to cardiac surgery systems reported sales for the quarter of $24 million were relatively unchanged from the prior period. As previously announced, last September we initiated a voluntary recall of our EndoClamp balloon catheter due to a supplier quality issue with one of the components. As anticipated, fourth quarter MIS sales were impacted by more than $1 million we've since addressed the issue and re-entered the market last December. Consistent with our previous announcement, we plan to transfer our cardiac surgery system products to our new facility in Draper, Utah this year which will enable us to significantly expand our manufacturing and R&D capabilities. For 2010, we continue to expect full year revenue of $100 to $110 million which represents an underlying growth rate of 11% to 13%. Total reported sales of vascular products were approximately $14 million this quarter and we are down year-over-year due to lower sales of the divested life span products. Sales of our Fogarty products were relatively flat versus the prior year. Now Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Abate:  Thank you, Mike. In addition to this strong sales result Mike discussed we met our EPS guidance while we substantially increased R&D investment and we are particularly pleased that we also achieved a record growth profit margins. For the quarter our gross profit margin was 70.7% compared to 68.1% in the same period last year. This 260 basis point improvement was due primarily to product mix partially offset by foreign exchange. For 2010, due to foreign exchange rate changes since our December investor conference. We now expect our gross profit margin to be at the high end of our previous 50 to 100 basis point increase. Fourth quarter SG&A expenses were $132 million, or 38.2% of sales, an increase of $12 million over the prior year. This increase was driven by foreign exchange and higher heart valve therapy sales and marketing expenses. For the full year 2010, we continue to expect SG&A to be between 37% and 39% of sales. R&D investments in the quarter were 48 million or 13.9% of sales, an increase of 12 million over the prior year. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in Transcatheter technology and glucose monitoring. For full year 2010, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be 13% to 14%, as we invest in our growth initiative. During the quarter, we recorded a $3.7 million special charge related to the write-off of previously capitalized pattern enforcement cost. This write-off resulted from our year end assessment of pending a palette court patent litigation in Europe. Our reported tax rate for the fourth quarter with 23.7%, excluding our special charge the tax rate was 24.7%. For the full year 2010, we continue to expect our rate to be between 25% and 26%, assuming the federal R&D tax credit is renewed this year. This credit provides an approximate of 150 basis points benefit to our annual rate. We are not assuming renewal of the credit in the first quarter of 2010. Accordingly, we are projecting a first quarter tax rate of 27%. When the credit in renewed, our results will reflect the cumulative year-to-date benefit. FX rates positively impacted fourth quarter sales by approximately $17 million, compared to the prior year. Since issuing fourth quarter guidance last October, the impact from changes in FX rates was immaterial. Looking forward, at current exchange rate we now anticipate an approximate 15% positive FX impact to 2010 full year sale, compared to the 40 million positive impact we communicated in our December guidance. Free cash flow generated during the fourth quarter was $46 million; we defined this as cash flow from operating activities of $66 million, less capital spending of $24 million plus $4 million in tax payments related to previous license milestone. For 2010, excluding special items we continue to expect free cash flow to be between 190 million and 200 million. For fourth quarter we repurchased 208,000 shares of common stock for approximately $16 million. For the full year, we repurchased 1.5 million shares for approximately $96 million. At the end of the year, we had about a 100 million remaining on our existing share repurchase authorization. Our current plan is to request a new authorization at our upcoming board meeting. For modeling purposes we still expect diluted shares outstanding to be between 59 million and 60 million for 2010. Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a net cash position of $244 million. Total cash of $334 million, exceeded our total debt of $90 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 66 days, an improvement of 5 days from the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 2.5, a small increase from the prior quarter. Turning to our 2010 sales guidance, we are projecting no change in the underlying strength of our sales. If FX rates remain at current levels, we would expect reported sales to be at the lower end of our previous full year guidance of 1.43 billion to 1.50 billion. We continue to expect our product line sales ranges and underlying growth rates to remain unchanged from guidance we provided at our December investor conference. For first quarter 2010, we project total sales of $335 million to $355 million. We estimate that first quarter diluted EPS will be between $0.77 and $0.81. For full year 2010, despite the recent FX headwind, we continue to estimate that diluted EPS will be between $3.50 to $3.60, representing an annual growth rate of 15% to 18%. Finally, our net income growth expectation for the full year 2010 remains unchanged at 17% to 19%. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I would like to inform you that in the next few months, we have long term stock option grants that will be expiring. Several of our offices and directors retain their options for the full term and will be required to exercise them. You will see these transactions in SEC filings, but the number of shares involved is relatively modest as less than 400,000. With that, Ill turn it back over to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks Tom. We are pleased with our strong finish to a very successful year, as we achieve substantial 2009 earnings growth, while continuing to invest in our future. Looking forward, we remained focused on achieving our annual financial goals for 2010, we expect to generate total sales of $1.43 billion to $1.5 billion which represents 10% to 13% underlying growth. In addition, we anticipate increasing our gross profit margin by 50 to 100 basis points achieving net income growth of 17% to 19% and generating free cash flow of a $190 billion to $200 billion. In closing, we are approaching our 10 year anniversary as an independent public company in April. As proud as we are of the company that we built and the innovations that we brought to patients, we remained very focused on creating a bright future for Edward's and believe that the best is yet to come. And with that I will turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: Thank you we intend to end todays call by 6:00 PM Eastern and in order to allow broad participation in the Q&A we ask that you please limit the number of questions that you ask if you have additional questions please reenter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. Operator we are ready to take questions please.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from the line of Bob Hopkins with Bank of America. Your line is now open you may proceed with your question.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: Great thanks Mike. First question for you just on the comments about the status of the [CPNX TIDE] filling in United States and the potential for delaying of the second quarter I was wondering if you could be any more specific on what is going on there, is that more of function or just the regular inventory environment or is there something specific with the filing that needs to be addressed?
Mike Mussallem:  No, we don't believe that there is anything specific with the filing that really needs to be addressed Bob, we really do believe that its climate related. We are working very closely with FDA, we are going back and forth answering their questions, but its just appears that the level of rigor that they are exhibiting is at a higher level than we have seen in the past and so thats why we say that the approval could be delayed here into the second quarter.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: So, nothing in terms of new data or new analysis that might take any extended period of time?
Mike Mussallem: No, they ask for some things, but nothing that's time consuming and developing Bob.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: Okay. And then just to shift gears in terms of the reimbursement climate in Europe, I was wondering if you could comment, do you think you are going to be able to generate the same ASP in France as in Germany and then can you just give us a sense as to what other countries you might expect offering of reimbursement in Europe in 2010 and should we again, we expect rates more to be lower like inline with France or is potential for hire more online with Germany? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. There is a lot there, overall Bob, the short answer is we don't expect this to affect our ASPs, in fact when we introduced XT, we would expect XT to be introduced at a higher ASP. We certainly like the reimbursement in Germany better than France but when you compare it to the alternative, that there was not formal reimbursement in place in France, this is still a big offer and we think its just going have the French market open up for us and so thats an net positive and we expect this to evolve overtime, there is even a review process on the French number that could influence that favorably. Overall, its tough to predict exactly what other countries are going to come inline, fortunately we have got a very nice climate right now that allows people to pay and so any kind of progress that we make on formal reimbursement we feel the net positive but we got to feel good about the fact that the two largest countries in Europe already have reimbursement in place and we think its such great tone and a great example.
Bob Hopkins - Bank of America: And partners still at TCT.
Mike Mussallem:  We have never said that Bob. What we have said is that the partner results we would expect to be available in the third quarter or probably at a major meeting. So it could very well line up with that but until we at the data loss and see it specifically, we havent shared exactly once.
Operator:  Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. David Roman with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open you may proceed with your question.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: Just hoping if you could just talk a little bit more about two things first the review process in France how that works and when we could expect to hear something on that? And then secondly, of the analyst meeting you are talking about seeing some data in May regarding proxies for the medical management arm at PCR can you be elaborate on that and then lastly just a follow-up on the tax rate.
Mike Mussallem: Let me do a little bit first and then well turn over to Tom on the tax rate. First of all on French imbursement, yes its in place, its a two year reimbursement it refers to both transapical and transfemoral, we feel good about that there is a common period we will argue that the rate maybe should be a little larger. I dont know whether thats going to turn out to be fruitful or not David so not clear. In terms of the data thats coming up what we were suggesting and trying to signal at that time is obviously the partner measures one year data related to survival et cetera and we have been tracking the European commercial experience in a registry and that source registry should have one year data thats available for presentation at EuroPCR in May. And so, that will be a pretty substantial data point of arguably sort of the same vintage of technology thats been in the US partner trial. So its a little more modern and it's more indicative of what US partner patients have had and we know that there has been a learning curve. So, we think that there is something there that could be meaningful in terms of leading indicator. And finally as it relates to tax rate, Im glad you picked up on that because that actually will effect our first quarter projections and Tom can (inaudible) like that.
Tom Abate: Is your question related to Q1?
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: Assuming the R&D tax credit gets renewed to as if say Q1 is 27, is in fact 27% that throughout the year it doesnt basically evenly get distributed over the remaining three quarters?
Tom Abate: No, actually what it will do, will do a catch up in the quarter that the bill is signed. So, we are very confident in the passage of the legislation but until the actual document is signed by the president you are not able to actually factor that until your number. So, but when it does, when it is inactive then its a retroactive in that particular quarter.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay, so just by math asset the tax rate probably knocked $0.02 to $0.03 off of Q1 earnings (relative) to where people were looking?
Tom Abate: You are exactly right, its about $0.02.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Amit Bhalla with Citigroup. Your line is open you may proceed with your question.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: I wanted to ask you about Germany and France and talk a little about adoption there, with reimbursement in place with Germany for a couple of months and France for the last month. What have you seen in terms of increases in adoption or no changes at all? 
Mike Mussallem: I would say again without signaling any Q1 results because we're still early into it. Clearly this is a big net positive in Germany. This is the biggest most important country to us, and the fact that they have this level of reimbursement is very substantial. You can imagine hospitals will just soon keep as much of that as possible, but are actually our selling price in Germany we think actually will end up probably having be favorably impacted by that current reimbursement climate.  In France, we're just at the front end of this. We really think this is going to be a real positive going forward and France is a country that we really look forward to being a lift for us in 2010, so you can't tell a lot here in terms of their being a step function, but this is meaningful and highly noticed, people sort of start priming their referral bases once this reimbursement is in place on it, so we expect it to have sort of building impact.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: And then in terms of following up, can you give us an update on the percentage of centers that are running independently right now and then for Tom, CapEx in the quarter rough in the mid-$20 million range, I havent seen it at that level in several years, can you just elaborate on what happened with CapEx in the quarter?
Mike Mussallem: In terms of centers running independently, I don't have the exact number, I want to guess that its somewhere in the 25% or 30% level right now of centers that are operating independently. So its clearly stepped up and we're continuing to make progress and that's the one that we expect to make a lot of progress on during the course of the year.
Tom Abate: And in CapEx in the quarter, I would say pretty consistent, its very consistent well that full-year expectations and maybe timing wise a little heavy in the fourth quarter as we pick up the initiatives to build the infrastructures for some of the things we're looking forward to.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Douglas Tsao with Barclays Capital. Your line is open. You may proceed. 
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Just turning to the Odyssey Project I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit more detail in terms of the timeline for progressing the feasibility study into a CE marking study. Is this something you're looking for a particular number of patients, or are you trying to get a sense of the results in the study first?  
Mike Mussallem: Thanks for the question. Here is what we're trying to relate. We started enrolling these patients, and if things go very well here, and we get all green lights, we're just going to keep it rolling and we'll just expand the size of this and turn it into a CE mark trial. If we see things that really should be changed or improved, then we would be willing to go back and make whatever changes are necessary before we embarked on a CE mark trial. So what I'll relate to you is if let's say everything goes great, what could happen, well we could find ourselves with the CE mark in 2011. Right, but that really presumes that we get all green lights at this stage of the game. So it's hopefully that's helpful. 
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: And then at what point do you expect to provide us with more details in terms of sort of the technical aspects of the valve whether it's futureless in some of the mechanisms around that?
Mike Mussallem: There is a few things that I could say we've kept a little bit under wraps at this point, but I can say a couple of things. One is very much based on the Magna technology, and so the Magna valve itself, the leaflets, the frame and so forth, it's really pretty much a duplicate of that. But it also employs some technology that's not far from our transcatheter technology in terms of the way that it actually attaches, so it has its has a [extent like] frame that's incorporated into a Magna type body. So maybe that gives you a few clues there overtime. I would say stay tuned for the next medical meetings I would imagine in a meeting like ATS if we continue to have green lights that we're able to share more. 
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: And then just finally quickly if you could a little bit more detail around on the cap process for the PARTNER trial. Are you having to go back regularly to get the caps extended, or are they filling up and just a little bit more detail there?
Mike Mussallem: Could you repeat that what around 
Douglas Tsao - Barclays Capital: Just around the continued access protocols for the PARTNER trial in the US. Are you having to go back regularly to the FDA to get those extended or have they given you a certain limit that enables you to continue enrolling patients or implanting at a pretty regular pace?
Mike Mussallem: At this point, we see this as continued access continuing up to the point that certainly, that the data is available and we would expect up to the point of approval. There is clear pressure from clinicians. Clinicians would like to have many more people available for continued access and it's kind of a little bit of a sad story right now that there are a number of patients on the waiting list that just don't get the technology. You used to have twice as many patients that at least went into the trial, now you have really only the treatment group. So that's a little rough, but I think that FDA is being very focused on having a trial that has high scientific significance, so I expect to stay right at this kind of number for the foreseeable future. 
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. You may proceed with your question. 
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Just two questions, first on XT. It sounds like there's no delay to the launch, the original timeframe in Europe first-quarter 2010, but, Mike, in your comments you talked about a disciplined launch of XT, what does that mean, and why wouldn't physicians immediately switch over to the XT from the other valve?
Mike Mussallem: So just the first part of that question, yes we stay confident that will get a CE mark and be able to get started here in Q1. When we stay disciplined, you will recall what we've done in the past Larry, there is a tremendous pull on the part of clinicians that like to just go right now, just ship into us, but we're not willing to go through that. We really want to go through a very deliberate training process, so that we're sure that people are fully comfortable and fully confident in terms of implementing the XT even though there is not much, it's not a big change from the SAPIEN valve, it's one that we're going to be very deliberate, so I would expect it to be a ramp Larry rather than some kind of a step function when we introduce.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: That's not a supply issue.
Mike Mussallem: No. I fully expect us to be able to supply plenty for what we have planned.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: All right and one long-term question; things have gone well for you recently, and I think investors have become more comfortable with the PARTNER trial, and although the US approval is still much two years away, some investors could draw parallel with Edwards and other medtech stocks and maybe come to the conclusion that we should sell the stock around the US approval SAPIEN, I guess my question is how do you maintain your premium valuation long-term, once SAPIEN is approved in the US?
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Larry. I think the big picture, the point that you're raising and why we feel confident that valuation should not be returned is that we really see our growth that's going to be sustainable on a long-term basis. And I'll tell you why, even today there is probably some discounting in the price for the risks that exist in the trial and so forth and we expect those risks to be mitigated over time, but on top of that there will be serial launches though in a number of ways. There will be serial launches around the world as we move from the US to Japan and open up other countries. We will be building clinical evidence and as we do, I would expect us to broaden indications and again with more durability demonstrated, we would expect this technology to be more and more useful for younger patients, and we would also expect this technology to move to other valve physicians. So just set aside the other things that might be going on inside Edwards that can drive growth just within the structural heart disease, the transcatheter space there, there's just a lot of layers here that cause us to believe that we will have sustainable long-term growth which sort of separates us from some of the other examples that might sort of have a peak and then a trough afterwards.
Operator: Our next is coming from the line of Mr. David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Mike, just a quick question. I think you mentioned under the continued access program 40 patients came in the last quarter. So a significant number of patients that have trickled in here in the last couple of quarters, is there any chance that we'll see presented data from the continued assets program in a registry type situation prior to the September timeframe?
Mike Mussallem: I don't expect there to be any data that's going to be presented before that third quarter timeframe. No, I don't see that. I would say these patients will continue to be tracked. They will be measured. They will be probably looked at it in terms of the total data set, but I don't think that's going to prompt there to be any early look?
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: And you seem pretty adamant on the IP position, Mike, so should we assume that heading into this jury trial with core valves, a settlement is simply not on the table?
Mike Mussallem: I think there've been discussions in the past. I don't expect there to be a settlement. I fully expect this to go to trial. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Just one quick one for Tom and I'll jump back in queue. Tom, given the fourth quarter there was a bullish increase in R&D but you maintained your guidance for 2010, should we be assuming, based on this fourth quarter, that perhaps R&D comes at the higher end of the range for 2010, or should we assume that the fourth quarter was somewhat of an anomaly.
Mike Mussallem: I will go with the later, David. I think we're pretty consistent where we're at. And you know it will fluctuate a little bit in sales particularly theres some seasonality, but I think the number is solidly in the guidance we gave.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Bruce Nudell with UBS. Your line is open. You may proceed with your question. 
Bruce Nudell - UBS: Mike, I'm presuming that the $170 million to $190 million is still confirmed for TAVI this year and could you just talk about the ramp profile across the year, maybe in the context of the training cadence that you'll likely be able to achieve? Then I have a follow up.
Mike Mussallem: Bruce, first of all we said yes. We continued to be very confident in the $170 million to $190 million especially when you consider, we finished at $112 million, we expect there to be market growth and that to be a driver of growth, then we would expect to probably pick up some transfemoral share during the course of the year. The foreign exchange rates naturally are the wild card. When we talk about a disciplined launch, I think what you should anticipate is the back half of the year, we would expect to be larger than the front half of the year, Bruce and for the obvious reasons, that would be moving up the ramp.
Tom Abate: As a percentage Bruce, the percentage is not wildly different. This year, we ramped up pretty significantly, so if there is a ramp up, but it's not anything all that unusual. 
Bruce Nudell - UBS: And could you give us the units that were actually implanted and the only other thing is are you seeking injunctive relief in the core valve case?
Mike Mussallem: So Bruce, we're trying to get out of this unit count because we find ourselves in this mode you count these 12 units and not count others and so forth. So we really havent done that starting this quarter and hopefully thats okay with you all. In terms of injunctive release, yes we would clearly ask for injunctive release and damages.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Ms. Kristen Stewart with Credit Suisse. Your line is open, you may proceed with your question.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse:  Tom, just in terms of guidance you're suggesting because of FX changes that the topline should fall to the low end of the range, just how should we think about the impact relative to FX on the bottom line? Given your hedges, do you still feel like the range is good or should we be more middle, low, how should we think about how it falls through the P&L?
Mike Mussallem: You are saying for 2010 correct?
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: For 2010 guidance, yes.
Tom Abate: The $25million, actually probably bottom line is in the area $0.04 to $0.05 of additional pressure on the earnings
Mike Mussallem: We are not changing our guidance
Tom Abate: But it does raise the challenge slightly.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Is that, since you are mostly just on the low end of the top and the earnings should be at the low end as well of your range?
Mike Mussallem: No I would look at it that way. I just want you to know that that is something thats we are accommodating for in the guidance, but not changing. So we decided consciously not make change to the EPS range.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: I'm just wondering, the fourth quarter transcatheter valve number obviously came in pretty good, but I was curious whether or not you were seeing any delay in terms of procedures in Germany or France in anticipation of reimbursement coming on line beginning in the first quarter? Any signs in the market that there was additional pent-up demand rolling into the first quarter to give extra confidence and the ability to meet the $170 million to $190 million?
Mike Mussallem: Its a little hard to tell Kristen exactly what's going on there. I wouldnt say that there is, there was a postponing of orders necessarily. So I wouldnt look at that as a trend. We do see a difference between those European countries that are I would cash strapped having tough economies than those that are doing a little better. So that might be the only color that we can add thats very meaningful there, but overall we feel very confident of $170 million to $190 million.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Would you be willing to give the number of centers that you're in? I know you won't give units of implant?
Mike Mussallem: Were approximately at the 200 level, Kristen, maybe a little more.
Tom Abate: A little more.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Mike Weinstein with JPMorgan. Your line is open. You may proceed with your question.
Chris Pasquale - JPMorgan: Its Chris Pasquale here for Mike. Mike, you mentioned the source data we're going to see at PCR, are you guys going to continue to follow and report out longer-term results from PARTNER EU?
Mike Mussallem: There probably is some continuous follow-up on PARTNER EU. I dont know precisely. I havent done my homework here in terms of what's going to be presented at Euro PCR Chris, but I think we do end up following that data.
PARTNER :
Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan: Yeah, that was my point exactly. And then just along the same lines, when can we expect to see something from PREVAIL?
Mike Mussallem: Hold on a second. Let me see if I have anything on my notes on that. PREVAIL is the TA study with XT and again this study was done in anticipation of a CE mark. Wed expect that CE mark is around the corner and that we can get the CE mark in the second quarter and I think that we'll have regular updates, probably see something Euro PCR although it's going to be pretty young data at that stage of the game.
Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan: Okay, and as one last quick one, any kind of timeline that we should be thinking of for a verdict in the US core valve trial?
Mike Mussallem: What we're fully expecting is that at the end of this trial, if its a jury trial there actually is a verdict and we get a decision at the end of that. So that means that early April we should have a result.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Jason Mills with Canaccord Adams. Your line is now open. You may proceed with your question. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Thanks Mike for joining the question, can you hear me okay Mike, I had a question on SAPIEN. Let's start with surgical heart valves where the growth in the quarter seemed to be quite robust not withstanding strong transcatheter. You mentioned I think 8% underlying of what was reported growth there and how did that compare with underlying growth compared with what you see tissue valve market, surgical tissue valve market growing, both in the U.S and worldwide. It seems like you've gained a fair bit of share there?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, we think that the market itself is growing in this 3% to 5% range. In the quarter it probably grew four. We influenced the market quite a bit ourselves. So because we're the largest player when we grow obviously at least the market grow. So we think it's in that sort of range. If we say what is the growth units versus ASP probably most of that was units, I would say it's probably two-thirds, one-third units versus ASP so pretty good share gain in the quarter.
Tom Abate: Actually on the reported basis it looks like surgical 17.
Mike Mussallem: Definitely got a boost exchange rate. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Was that heavily weighted to repair on time given that you had maybe a bit easier comp?
Tom Abate:  No, I think the numbers that Mike gave you were the correct numbers on an underlying basis that you had ask on a reported basis correct?
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Right that's correct
Mike Mussallem: Yeah those are a pretty big difference there.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Okay and assuming the R&D tax credit comes through we're obviously assuming higher tax rate pro forma year over year, with your guidance of gross margin should be at the higher end of your range it would imply that operating margin expansion should be perhaps towards that 100 basis point extension year over year as well any comments there on operating margin expansion this year?
Tom Abate:  No, absolutely. I think you know if you put the pieces together from some investor conference. We are definitely confirming all of that it's about a 150 basis points that we are looking for in 2010.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: For operating margin?
Tom Abate: Yeah, you get a little help from SG&A, little back in R&D but the main driver being GP.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Great. And last question just as a follow up on that, as we look over the next couple of years where do you see your SG&A as a percentage of revenue going? Where should it be going?
Tom Abate:  Well, we should improvement in the fourth quarter and we talk about a way to there was an improvement year-over-year in 2010. Overall, that is the trend that we have tried to indicate in the direction that we are going and consistently that's the outlook particularly once you get out a couple of years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Tim Lee with Piper Jeffery.
Tim Lee - Piper Jeffery: Just wanted to follow up on the core valve trail question, so its the US-based trial so I am thinking that Medtronic is manufacturing the product in the US so it infringes your patents, it could potential impact to their international sales as well. Is that the right way to think about it or?
Mike Mussallem:  It is, the way US law is, not only can you not sell in the US if you are a French but you couldnt produce.
Tim Lee - Piper Jeffery: Got it. But hypothetical they could shift manufacturing over to Europe given some of the outcomes we saw in Germany, would that be correct?
Mike Mussallem: Yeah, that hypothetically that's the way you get it around infringing a patent would be to produce outside the US and sell that way. 
Tim Lee - Piper Jeffery: Got it, thank you and just kind of switching gears on the critical care side, on the glucose front do we see any revenues in the quarter or should we be thinking near-term revenues to be relatively modest?
Mike Mussallem: In glucose in which quarter?
Tim Lee - Piper Jeffery: Just this most recent quarter, in the fourth quarter were there any? 
Mike Mussallem: Very negligible.
Tim Lee - Piper Jeffery: Okay and again just going forward should we think about couple of hundred thousand dollars a quarter? I am just trying to get?
Mike Mussallem: You are not far off. Its really we are really concentrating and working out the kinks and getting this technology understood, priority.
Tim Lee - Piper Jeffery: And the just one last one on the reimbursement front both in Germany and in France I mean once SAPIEN XT comes out those are automatically rolled in the current reimbursement?
Mike: That would be our belief we believe that our XP is going to be covered there may be some paper work which needs to be filed but we wouldnt expect there to be a supply interruption. 
Mussallem: That would be our belief we believe that our XP is going to be covered there may be some paper work which needs to be filed but we wouldnt expect there to be a supply interruption. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Mr. Glenn Navaro with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. You may proceeds with your question.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets: I just wanted to follow up with Bruces question on the valve, the transcatheter valve guidance for 2010 over $170 to $190 million. I know you said that guidance is still good despite that the dollar strengthening and you anticipate strong market growth in gaining share but I am just trying to get a sense of in the last two months can you give us any specifics as to what the offset is because as the dollar has strengthened its probably bringing you closer to the low end of that $170 million range. Is that fair and if can you give us any specifics as to kind of in your model what was the offset, did you just dial in may be a little bit more share maybe a little bit more pricing anything would be helpful? Thanks.
Mike: Yeah, Glenn I think what Tom indicated is at the time of the investor conference we thought we would have tailwind of like $40 million and now $15 million. So it's over $25 million hit to top line across total Edward sales. When you think about this its a much slower part of total Edwards it attracts a little more than 10% of total Edward so this is it matters what $3 million or $4 million if you would sort of translate that because its all Europe its probably a little more so may be you qualify. So its that kind of a number. Within that range when we gave that range in the first place we knew that there were several variables that we are good, be the most predominant ones for this number in 2010.  One would obviously be the foreign exchange rate and so we provided for some of that. One would just how fast this market expands there clearly as market expansion that still continues and we continue to be bullish on that one Glenn and then the other is just how well this SAPIEN XT valve performs and the kind of [trans-thermal] share that might come from that. So all those factors are in there. We end up feeling positive enough about just market expansion and the performance of the XP valve that we are not concerned about this FX rate knocking aside of the range.
Mussallem: Yeah, Glenn I think what Tom indicated is at the time of the investor conference we thought we would have tailwind of like $40 million and now $15 million. So it's over $25 million hit to top line across total Edward sales. When you think about this its a much slower part of total Edwards it attracts a little more than 10% of total Edward so this is it matters what $3 million or $4 million if you would sort of translate that because its all Europe its probably a little more so may be you qualify. So its that kind of a number. Within that range when we gave that range in the first place we knew that there were several variables that we are good, be the most predominant ones for this number in 2010.  One would obviously be the foreign exchange rate and so we provided for some of that. One would just how fast this market expands there clearly as market expansion that still continues and we continue to be bullish on that one Glenn and then the other is just how well this SAPIEN XT valve performs and the kind of [trans-thermal] share that might come from that. So all those factors are in there. We end up feeling positive enough about just market expansion and the performance of the XP valve that we are not concerned about this FX rate knocking aside of the range.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Ms. Sara Michelmore with Cowen. Your line is open. You may proceed.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen : Thank you. Mike just back to this whole concept of share gains, their share gain potential with SAPIEN XP, can you just remind us what you were assuming in that $170 million or $190 million number and just talking through kind of how you conceptually looked at that, is it just as the market continues to expand that you would pickup a higher proportion of new accounts or are you actually talking about the potential for competitive landings and how might that play out, thanks?
Mike: Sure. yeah, we really have an offer up and the detailed guidance on that one, Sarah. So clearly as the market expands we think just because the new XP is smaller it's going to make it even more preferred option for new customers. But along the way we also think there is potential to pick up some competitive share. We think that will be quite, we are not thinking into those anything there that is very dramatic. We are going to serve our existing accounts first and foremost because we obviously want to we reward their royalty and then later on it will be available to other customers and we will find out how people feel about that valve versus core valve.
Mussallem: Sure. yeah, we really have an offer up and the detailed guidance on that one, Sarah. So clearly as the market expands we think just because the new XP is smaller it's going to make it even more preferred option for new customers. But along the way we also think there is potential to pick up some competitive share. We think that will be quite, we are not thinking into those anything there that is very dramatic. We are going to serve our existing accounts first and foremost because we obviously want to we reward their royalty and then later on it will be available to other customers and we will find out how people feel about that valve versus core valve.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen: Okay and if you could just give us an update on your latest thinking on what you are doing in emerging markets with the transcatheter valve commercially and what do you think the potential may be there may be not for 2010 but over the next couple of years. 
Mike Mussallem: I will tell you how we look at emerging markets at this point the biggest markets by far we think for (inaudible) you know if I say the sort of the big markets you Europe, US and Japan and outside of those big markets where obviously most of the medical technology that we offer is sold today. Outside of that, we are going to be very thoughtful about how we do that if there is a population of patients where there is really substantial patients with the ability to pay at the existing prices that we are offering at then those would be the kind of places where we would be able to go and support the program, support the training, support the infrastructure that's necessary and so its going to be quite deliberate you see us doing that and we are walking that right up we have been surprised that at the high level of interest that's there, but we have been very clear that there is such demand here in the markets with the ability to afford that we are going to continue to keep a high par up there in terms of our ASP expectations.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen : That's a great update and one last one on critical care I was curious about this deal you gave so (inaudible) should we think about you doing additional deals like whatever financial players and what kind of opportunity is it for that particular product line to have it integrated like that into the interesting (inaudible) system.
Mike Mussallem: We do think about other players and we are in discussions with other players, we actually could expand this offering even more so in Philips and we can certainly expand it into other players and we would expect to have others to announce at some point in time. You know its not clear to us whether that is wondered more or less removes an objection or really as a big driver of growth. Its a clear positive and we know that our customers very much like to have this on their central monitoring system and it adds to the convenience and gets rid of some extra boxes and wires, but its not clear to us exactly what it might do to our growth rate, whether its a bio positive or something more than that.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen : And I assume just one last quick one I mean is that the kind of strategy you might overtime pursue with the diabetes product to grow the glucose monitor as well?
Mike Mussallem: You know its not clear at this point it probably would be I mean a lot of this has to do with the monitoring companies themselves. They very much want to have the important parameters on their boxes so if we are successful as we hope to be, we wouldnt be surprised if that becomes a factor later. 
Operator: Thank you ladies ad gentlemen our final question will be coming from Mr. Jeff Englander, with Standard & Poors. Your line is now open you may proceed.
Jeff Englander - Standard & Poors :  Mike can you just talk a little bit about if you get anything in the numbers for healthcare reform and if so can you quantify that at all and also following up on that any expectations you have going forward for what healthcare reform might look like if at all. 
Mike Mussallem: Yeah first of all for 2010, there is really nothing at our numbers that reflects a change in the environment in terms of health care we pretty much expect the environment to be much the same as it is today. In terms of prognosticating on the future healthcare reforms I am lost on that one I mean there are so many possibilities at this point Jeff that its really I am unable to predict how this is going to go. I think we are as an industry broadly I think we are well positioned, I think we play a critical role in the healthcare system and we clearly agree that the healthcare should be reformed there are some important things that need to happen there, but in terms of being able to predict how its going to effect medical devices company is going forward, its beyond their viability.
Jeff Englander - Standard & Poors : Just one question there is nothing in your numbers for the proposed medical device tax?
Mike Mussallem: Thats correct.
Operator: Thank you. We have ended the Q&A session Id like to turn the call back to management for any closing comments.
Mike Mussallem: Okay, well thanks everybody for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom, and Dave and Ill welcome any additional question by telephone, Back to you David.
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on todays call reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items are included in todays press release and can also be found in the investor relation section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion in todays a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours to access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 use account number 2995 and pass code 341603. Ill repeat those numbers, 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, account number 2995, the pass code 341606. Finally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you very much for your participation. Have a wonderful afternoon.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  David K. Erickson - Vice President, Investor Relations Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer Thomas M. Abate - Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Vice President, Treasurer 
Analysts: Mike - UBS Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse  Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets  Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.  Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo David Lewis - Morgan Stanley  Timothy Lee - Piper Jaffray  David Roman - Goldman Sachs Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams  Amit Bhalla - Citigroup  Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company  Doug LaSalle - Barclays Capital Suraj Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Group  Brooks West - Craig Hallum Capital Group 
Operator:  Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome everyone to the Edwards Lifesciences Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President of Investor Relations for Edwards Lifesciences Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Erickson, you may begin. 
David Erickson:  Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our third quarter 2009 financial results. During our todays call well discuss the results included in the press release and accompanying financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO and Treasurer. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I would like to remind you that during todays call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but arent limited to our sales, gross profit margin, earnings per share and free cash flow goals and other financial expectations for 2009; the regulatory approval and sales of heart valve therapy products including Magna Ease, Magna Mitral Ease, and Physio II;  the competitive dynamics of the heart valve market; the continued adoption and expected 2009 sales of the Edwards SAPIEN valve; the receipt of formal reimbursement for SAPIEN; the timing, progress and results of clinical studies including the partner trial and the US approval of SAPIEN; expected sales and enhancements for the FloTrac system and the development of continuous blood glucose monitoring technology. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after today. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause these differences may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, and our other SEC filings which are available on our website at edwards.com. With that, Ill turn the call to Mike Mussallem. Mike? 
Mike Mussallem: Thanks David. We are proud to report strong third quarter sales and earnings growth led by our heart valve therapy portfolio. Sales growth of our critical care franchise was also a strong contributor as we expected. Additionally this quarters results were highlighted by continued improvement in profitability resulting from our strategy of divesting non-strategic products to focus on new product introductions. On a reported basis total sales grew 7.3% to $326 million. Our total underlying sales growth was 13.1% for the quarter.  Now I will shift to a more detailed review of our product line sales and progress on our new products and then Tom will discuss the financial results and the outlook.  For the third quarter reported heart valve therapy sales were $174 million which includes a negative impact from foreign exchange of $2 million. On an underlying basis heart valve therapy sales increased 19.2% for the quarter led by continued adoption of transcatheter valves and strong double-digit performance from our new US surgical valves.  Looking more specifically at surgical valve products on a global basis surgical heart valve sales grew 10.4% for the quarter representing the highest growth rate in several years. The US played a significant role in driving global sales growth this quarter.  In the US growth stepped up to approximately 11% driven by strong adoption of our premium Magna Ease aortic valve and continued growth of our Magna mitral valve. Outside the US growth continued to be strong as we gained share. Turning to repair, underlying growth in the quarter was approximately 6%. We are continuing to see growing acceptance of our Physio II ring in both the US and Europe as a number of customers upgrade from Physio I.  In addition, we received formal reimbursement and launched our IMR ring in Japan during the third quarter. Although its contribution in the quarter was minimal initial acceptance has been encouraging and we expect strong adoption. We also received formal reimbursement in the fourth quarter.  To summarize, for 2009 we continue to expect our surgical heart valve therapy products to achieve underlying growth at the high end of our prior 7% to 9% range as our Magna products continue to drive share gains. Turning to transcatheter heart valves, we are pleased that sales momentum outside the US was robust as both sales and implants were double last years levels. For the third quarter we achieved SAPIEN sales of $26.4 million and globally we estimate that nearly 1,100 valves were implanted despite what is typically our lowest quarter due to summer vacations, particularly in Europe. As compared to last quarter implants as a percent of sales declined as accounts restored their inventory levels. On a country basis prices remain consistent with previous quarters.  This quarter approximately 1/3 of the s SAPIEN cases were performed independently without a representative from Edwards present during the procedure. As previously mentioned, the increasing level of hospital independents gives us less visibility into the actual number of valves implanted so we will no longer provide actual implant data beginning next year. We do expect a steady stream of clinical data will be presented at future medical meetings. The quarter also included a limited number of transcatheter valves that were used in the SAPIEN XT PREVAIL trial; those were provided at no charge. Based on our momentum we are confident that we will exceed our goal of doubling the number of transcatheter heart valve procedures compared to 2008 and expect full year 2009 transcatheter valve sales of approximately $110 million, significantly exceeding our early estimates. Regarding reimbursements, during the quarter Germany granted formal DRG reimbursement of approximately 35,000 euro for transcatheter aortic valve procedures beginning in January 1, 2010. Both the transapical and transfemoral approaches are covered. This is important positive news as Germany is our largest implanting country and it is encouraging to see them recognize the clinical and economic value of this new therapy. We expect formal reimbursement in other European countries in 2010; in the meantime the same dynamics surrounding transitional funding continue to exist and we remain pleased that hospitals are currently able to support these procedures. At last months TCT meeting in San Francisco our transcatheter valve technology was featured in a large number of clinical presentations including four successful live cases showcasing SAPIEN with the RetroFlex 3 delivery system and our new lower profile SAPIEN XT valve with the NovaFlex delivery system. Two of the cases, a transapical valve and valve mitral replacement and an aortic replacement using the subclavian approach were particularly noteworthy as they highlight the versatility of our SAPIEN technology. Turning to our US partner trial, in August we completed enrollment of Cohort A for IDE for SAPIEN right on schedule. In addition to enrolling both the surgical and non-surgical arms of the partner trial we are delighted to receive FDA approval for non-randomized continued access for our existing partner sites to ensure this technology remains available for patients. We expect to continue enrolling patients at our existing implant rate of approximately 40 cases a month.  We remain confident in our partner trial design and continue to anticipate US approval of SAPIEN in 2011. We would like to thank our participating clinicians and their teams for the remarkable job they did in enrolling this trial. We look forward to the timely completion of the clinical follow up on these patients and applaud our trial investigators for their rigor and ensuring that trial data is of the highest quality and integrity. SAPIEN XT is generating considerable interest amongst clinicians. We continue to anticipate European approval and launch of SAPIEN XT with our innovative NovaFlex system in the first quarter of 2010 and expect increasing adoption through out the year. We are developing in-hospital training programs in order to facilitate the successful launch of SAPIEN XT and its new deliver system. The first implants of our SAPIEN XT valve with our new low profile Ascendra 2 transapical delivery system were recently performed as part of our PREVAIL TA study which has started enrolling. We anticipate a limited launch of the SAPIEN XT with Ascendra 2 in the second quarter of 2010. This week we plan to submit our IDE for SAPIEN XT. This trial will be called PARTNER 2 and will include both our NovaFlex and the Ascendra 2 delivery systems. The submission targets the same high risk patients studied in the PARTNER trial. We anticipate receiving questions from the FDA during the quarter and plan to work closely with them to further the approval process. Based on our assumptions we continue to expect to begin enrollment in the first quarter of 2010. We are excited to be this close to introducing this novel technology which has the potential to help many more patients both inside and outside the US. We have not yet completed enrollment in our 30 patient three sites US feasibility trial of SAPIEN in the pulmonic position. Upon completion of enrollment we intend to transition into a larger humanitarian device exemption trial. With regard to the US core valve litigation we are continuing to prepare for a jury trial which is scheduled for the first quarter of 2010. We believe Edwards has the strongest transcatheter valve patent portfolio and are committed to leadership, enforcing our intellectual property as an important element of our broad strategy. Now turning to critical care, for the third quarter critical care reported $114 million in sales. Underlying sales growth increased to 8.4% from a first half rate of 2% driven by strong sales of FloTrac and pressure monitoring products. Our discontinued hemofiltration business contributed 2.1% to the underlying growth rate in the third quarter.  On September 1 we completed the sale of our hemofiltration product line which allows us to better focus on our global strategic priorities. For perspective this product line represented approximately $32 million of 2009 sales through the close of the transaction. Turning to new product introductions, our results were boosted by the earlier launch of a third generation algorhythm for FloTrac that enhances its accuracy when used in patients with sepsis and other critical illnesses. This product enhancement enables FloTrac to address an even wider range of patients and has been very well received by clinicians. In the quarter we are planning a limited launch of a substantial upgrade to our FloTrac system that strengthens its applicability in the medical ICU. At the same time we will also roll out a new hardware platform to selected sites which provide users with a simpler, more intuitive informational display. We plan to consolidate all of our parameters into this new hardware platform and move forward with a broad launch in March of next year. The fourth quarter launches represent about a  delay as we refined our product offerings.  With regard to our continuous glucose monitoring program, during the third quarter the first of two clinical studies to validate performance was successfully completed and we are continuing to study the product in the clinical settings. We remain on track to achieve European regulatory approval and begin clinical evaluation of our first generation product before year-end in a limited number of European sites. Glycemic control represents an exciting new opportunity to fill an unmet need and accelerate our longer-term critical care growth rate. In summary, we stepped up our growth rate, made good progress in the area of new product development including glucose and completed the sale of our hemofiltration product line. We expect a strong fourth quarter and an annual underlying growth rate in critical care of 3% to 6%. Turning to cardiac surgery systems reported sales for the quarter increased to $22 million which grew approximately 6% on an underlying basis. In September we initiated a voluntary recall of our EndoClamp balloon catheter due to the supplier quality issue with one of the components. As a result third quarter MIS sales were impacted by nearly $1 million and we expect a slightly larger impact in the fourth quarter while we resolve this issue. Due to the strong interest in minimally invasive surgery we continue to invest in professional education. During the quarter we conducted the first in a series of interactive webinars on port access procedures with over 200 clinicians participating.  In the fourth quarter we expect CSS sales to be $23 to $214 million and for the full year 2009 we are lowering our underlying growth expectation to between 5% and 7% due primarily to the voluntary recall. Total reported sales of vascular products were $15.1 million this quarter and declined due to lower sales of the divested life span products. Sales of our Fogarty vascular products were relatively constant versus prior year at approximately $13 million.  In the third quarter we achieved our final milestone associated with the LifeStent product divestiture and recorded a gain of $15 million. Before I turn the call over to Tom I would like to mention a couple of things. Earlier this month we announced that we will be moving into a new facility in Utah that will enable us to significantly expand our manufacturing and R&D capability to support future growth. We are pleased that we are able to partner with both state and local authorities and receive financial incentives to encourage our investments. Additionally, we contributed $15 million to our charitable fund during the quarter. The Edwards Lifesciences fund was established back in 2004 to provide philanthropic support for cardiovascular and community related charitable causes. We are fortunate to be able to make this contribution based on the Companys continued strong operating performance and cash flow and our commitment to the funds mission. Lastly, as a strong supporter of transparency in industry clinician financial relationships we previously announced our intent to begin voluntarily disclosing information about our payments to US physicians. I am pleased to say that on October 1st we took our first step in this process by posting information on our website covering the first six months of 2009. We intend to post this information annually. With that I will turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Abate: Thank you, Mike. We achieved third quarter non-GAAP diluted EPS at $0.71 a 27% increase versus prior year. This ESP improvement was driven primarily by stronger sales growth and continued expansion of our gross profit margin. We are particularly pleased with our results considering we also increased our R&D investments by 27%. Free cash flow generated this quarter of $74 million was also a highlight. For the quarter our gross profit margin was 69.85 compared to 65.4% in the same period last year. This 440 basis point improvement was due primarily to product mix with favorable FX representing approximately 100 basis points. In the fourth quarter we expect our gross profit margin to be similar to this quarter. Third quarter SG&A expenses were $126 million, or 38.7% of sales, an increase of $7 million over the prior year. This increase was driven by higher sales and marketing expenses primarily for the SAPIEN valve program in Europe, partially offset by foreign exchange. For the fourth quarter we expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be approximately 38%. R&D investments in the quarter were $45 million, or 13.7% of sales, compared to $35 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in transcatheter technology and glucose monitoring. For the fourth quarter we expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be approximately 13.5%. During the quarter we recorded a number of special items that resulted in a net $38 million pre-tax gain: the main components were a $44 million gain associated with the sale of our hemofiltration product line, a $15 million gain from the achievement of our final LifeStent milestone, and a $15 million charge for the contribution to our charitable fund. A reconciliation table of all components of our net special gain accompanies the press release.  Our reported tax rate for the third quarter was 22%: excluding special items this rate was 25.4%. For the full year 2009 we continue to expect our rate to be approximately 24% excluding special items. When compared to the same quarter last year FX rates negatively impacted third quarter sales by approximately $3 million. As a result of our hedging strategy we limited the negative impact to our bottom line to approximately $0.01 this quarter. At current exchange rates the negative impact on our full year 2009 sales is reduced to the $15 to $20 million range. Free cash flow generated during the third quarter was $74 million; excluding the charitable fund contribution. We define free cash flow as cash flow from operating activities of $71 million less capital spending of $12 million plus the $15 million contribution. For 2009 excluding the impact of special items we now expect free cash flow to exceed $170 million which was the top end of our original goal. During the quarter we repurchased 385,000 shares of common stock for approximately $25 million. During the first nine months of the year we repurchased 1.3 million shares for approximately $80 million. Turning to our balance sheet we ended the quarter with net cash position of $185 million. Total cash of $287 million exceeded our total debt of $102 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 71 days, an increase of 2 days from the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 2.3, a small decrease from the prior quarter.  Turning to our 2009 sales guidance, we are now raising our full year total sales guidance to between $1.305 billion and $1.325 billion based on strong year-to-date sales results and the positive trend in foreign exchange rates.  For heart valve therapy we are raising our full year sales guidance to the high end of our previously stated $690 to $710 million range; this excludes the $4 million from the relaunch of repair rings last quarter.  In critical care we are now raising our midpoint by $5 million to between $445 to $455 million.  In cardiac surgery systems we now expect to be at the lower end of our previously stated range of $90 to $100 million and in vascular we continue to expect sales to be at the upper end of our previous guidance of $50 to $60 million. For fourth quarter 2009 we project total sales of $335 to $355 million and we estimate that fourth quarter diluted EPS, excluding special items, will be between $0.82 and $0.86.  For the full year 2009, excluding special items, we are increasing the mid point of our guidance for diluted EPS and our new range is $3.02 to $3.06 representing an annual growth rate of 18% to 29%. With that I will turn it back over to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. Based on our strong year-to-date performance we continue to expect to meet our exceed all of our original financial goals that we presented last December. These goals were generating total sales between $1.24 and $1.3 billion, increasing our gross profit margin to between 68% and 70%, delivering non-GAAP net income growth of 15% to 19% and generating free cash flow of $160 to $170 million. We are generating robust sales growth across our core franchises which demonstrates the underlying strength of these businesses and at the same time we are making good progress on US approval of our SAPIEN valves adoption outside the US continues to grow rapidly. This further reinforces the growing belief that transcatheter heart valves represents a truly transformational growth opportunity. With that, I will turn it back over to David. 
David Erickson: Before we open it up for questions I would like to remind you about our 2009 Investor Conference which will be held at our corporate headquarters in Irvine on December 9th and 10th. At this event we will provide an update on our new technologies as well as our outlook for 2010. For more information and to RSVP please visit our website. We intend to end todays call at 6:00 PM Eastern and in order to allow broad participation in the Q&A we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions please reenter the queue and we will answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Eric Schneider with UBS.
Mike - UBS: It is actually Mike for Eric. On the German reimbursement is there any restriction for patients that can get the device, or is it also open for low risk patients?
Mike Mussallem:  I dont know the specifics of whats written there. I would guess that it is consistent with what the CE mark indication is.
Mike - UBS: Okay and then sizing on CP and XT obviously it is a smaller profile. How much potential do you think there is for reducing the size further going forward given that you have balloon expansion versus core valve that does not?
Mike Mussallem: We think that we cleared a major hurdle to be able to get this system to this 18 French size and we think it becomes applicable to most patients and that is the gigantic step. Is it possible to go further, yes it is always possible to go further and we will work on that, but we think this step is a huge one for patient care. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kristen Stewart with Credit Suisse.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse : In terms of submitting for the PARTNER 2 trial are you still thinking that it is going to be a non-randomized trial and will it just be more surgical candidates rather than non-operable?  
Tom Abate: Here is what we can say on that. One is what we ask for and of course it is what the FDA approves that really matters and we dont have any feedback from the FDA yet. I can tell you that what we are interested in is bringing in the SAPIEN XT to US patients as quickly as we can and we believe that that says lets study the same group of patients and we believe that that would argue for a non-randomized trial. But again, we are still waiting for feedback from the FDA so we really dont know. 
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse : Then just in terms of the building cash and the balance sheet, can you just remind us in terms of your preference? You obviously do a lot of share repurchases year-to-year, but how are you thinking about acquisitions at this stage?
Tom Abate: Sure, you know that remains unchanged as it has for a long time now. We are always looking for technologies early on that sit neatly into the portfolio. If you remember back to Q4 last year we were very successful in picking up a number of them, so we continue to look and that is the No. 1 priority. Until this point it hasnt represented significant cash requirements and I wouldnt predict anything that different going forward; so share repurchase has been actually the No.1 use of cash for a while now.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital Markets.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets : I have two questions on percutaneous valves, one you are taking your full year guidance for the percutaneous valves up to $110 million; how much of that is currency, is my first question. My second question is what the next countries will be to come on board next year in terms of reimbursement, how big are the markets and how meaningful can it be?
Tom Abate: Let me take the currency, I think you can do your calculation. Between the last guidance and the last range we gave and today you are only seeing about a 3, 3.5% move, so if you think about a number in the neighborhood of 25, 26 per quarter you are talking maybe $1 million or two.
Mike Mussallem: Maybe another way to think about that is, its full year guidance so we already have three quarters done and so we when we say approximately 110 that sort of says something in the neighborhood of 33 for the last quarter and currencies havent moved very much right now versus the last, so you can sort of sort it out from that perspective.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets : Just as a follow up to that before you answer the reimbursement question, that is a nice jump up from the third quarter, so is there any color behind what is driving the nice jump up in the fourth quarter?
Mike Mussallem: We just think we have a real nice growth ramp going and even though we try to express how much seasonality there is, because this business is primarily Europe we just see a lot of seasonality in the fourth quarter and more than you would typically see in global numbers. So, even thought that looks like a big step up, I think it is more consistent with the kind of ramp that we might have expected. Things are getting a little brighter, but overall it is part of this ramp.
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets : Okay and just any color on what would be next on the reimbursement front in Europe in 2010 beyond Germany?
Mike Mussallem: We are working on reimbursement pretty much in all of the countries and it is tough for us to predict exactly who will be next. We know that there are a number of countries in the queue and including large countries like France, but it is tough to predict who is next.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. 
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. : Mike I am going to cheat and make you wear your other hat for a minute here, what seems to be your full time hat these days as chair to ACTINET and I was hoping you could give us your latest thoughts on the discussions between ACTINET and the Centers of Finance and the members of the congress and the administration.
Mike Mussallem: Broadly here you know that the industry really thinks that this tax that is in the Baucus proposal right now is just too high and we have done pretty much everything within our power to make sure that people understand that, Frank presents some really detailed discussions of why its too high and its out of line and the devastating impact it can have particularly on small and emerging companies in this space. It is yet to be seen exactly where this comes out. Were hopeful that there will be some give on this before it is all done. I think the most optimistic of us hope that it goes away completely. It might be something in between. It is just impossible to predict. 
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. : What do you think the timing is on that visibility?
Mike Mussallem: It is tough to tell. I think we all believe that they will be done putting the bills together in the Senate before Thanksgiving and then probably have something on the way to the Presidents desk before Christmas, but it is tough for us to tell exactly where this might be addressed.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. : Okay, let me ask you one partner question, I guess this is a follow up to TCT. It has been our expectation, I guess, since the original trial design and in your announcement of the study that the patients in the medical management arm would be fairly actively managed, more than your normal patients, because of their inclusion in the trial and the care that they are getting, and that a number of those patients would be getting repeat balloon valvoplastys which is atypical. You wouldnt expect them to undergo that type of intensive care. When that happens in the trial with this second primary endpoint that you now have will those events be counted as hospitalization when the doctors call them back, say lets go ahead and try balloon valvoplasty on this patient?
Mike Mussallem: Yes it would.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. : So what does that mean? I mean I am trying to understand the value then of the endpoint [interposing].
Mike Mussallem: Your question, if these patients did come back for a balloon valvuloplasty that would be considered a hospitalization, or if the patients came back and actually maybe say they flew to Europe and decided to get a valve that would be considered a hospitalization. So that gets considered as part of the data. Exactly what people do with that I dont know, but it certainly is favorable that it is counted that way.
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. : It is favorable for the trial, but I am just trying to figure out the value in counting balloon valvuloplastys, if those are a large number of events. Does that tell us about the therapy or no?
Mike Mussallem: What was the last part of the question?
Michael Weinstein - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. : Is it really telling us about the values of therapy? What is it really telling us if patients have to get repeat balloon valvuloplasty during the trial design?
Mike Mussallem: I think we would be happy to take a look at the economics of this, Mike and I probably should ask you to get back in the queue after this, but I think it just speaks well of this new technology. If the alternative is that you keep going back to the hospital to get balloon valvuloplastys it is hard to believe that that is a better therapy option.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wells Fargo.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: The 1,100 implants in the quarter, does that compare to the 1,200 last quarter?
Mike Mussallem: Yes it does.
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: And how many trial implants were there in Europe this quarter?
Mike Mussallem: I think it was in the 20 to 30 range. You are talking about in the PREVAIL trial?
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo: Yes and just two other things here, centers exiting the quarter implanting and the implant as a percent of total valves sold, you said it went down this quarter just those two data points that you usually give us? My last question is are there limitations in implants in Germany for reimbursement, is there a limitation on annual implants?
Mike Mussallem: Let me start with the last one. I am not aware of any limitation on annual implants, so this doesnt have that sort of a factor in it, and we are really trying to move away from, given all of these other factors like number of accounts and exact percentages because as this business gets larger and more mature we think it would be less important to be able to provide that kind of data. Broadly I think we probably added another between 10 and 20 accounts in the quarter compared to what we had before and the sales to implant rate, again we are estimating because we dont have the actual, but it is probably in the mid 80s.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley : Mike, in terms of unassisted procedures in Europe was that 1/3 at the end of the third quarter?
Mike Mussallem: That is correct.
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Okay and is that 1/3 number higher or lower in Germany?
Mike Mussallem: I would guess it would be similar. Germany is by far the largest country and they probably got started earlier. Because they have large accounts that number might be a little higher, but I would have to check on that.
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: So, as we think about sales infrastructure in Germany heading into next year, obviously the increase in reimbursements is going to drive increased utilization. Do you think you have to increase support for that utilization or are you pretty comfortable with your fixed infrastructure in Germany?
Mike Mussallem: I think we are pretty comfortable, although we would be delighted to add more, but there is a great return here, sort of the differences between any kind of resource we add and the number of implants they support makes that a really favorable economics for the Company, so not really much of a factor. I dont expect anything really substantial that you would see in our results.
Tom Abate: You would probably see a shift from actually clinicians supporting cases where that is diminishing to maybe more customer requirements and things like that, you know, working referrals.
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Okay and Mike what is your disclosure on the ongoing enrollment, obviously post disclosure of the PARTNER trials. What are your specific plans for that registry data and any specific timing?
Mike Mussallem: We will continue to collect that data and I am sure that it will be rolled out at some medical meetings in the future, but again, the trial itself is going to be evaluated on the trial results before the continued access started. So, it will be at the end of the trial if that is what you are getting at.
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: No, could we possibly see registry data from the US coming off of that trial potentially as early as May of next year?
Mike Mussallem: I dont know that for a fact, but that is one that we can do some homework on and make sure that we address when we have our Investor Conference in December. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley:  Great and Tom just kind of looking at gross margins, you mentioned kind of flattish sequentially heading into the fourth quarter. Just considering the ramp in per valves, as well as currency, why would gross margins be flat into the fourth quarter?
Tom Abate: One of the things, if you remember, we have been getting benefits and GP from FX and that situation totally reverses in the fourth quarter. The underlying product mix looks very, very consistent, so I am comfortable that is what is going to happen.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Timothy Lee with Piper Jaffray. 
Timothy Lee - Piper Jaffray : In regards to the German reimbursement how should we think about the impact of reimbursement in regards to your sales ramp and how much of a gating factor has a lack of reimbursement been in Germany or any other country for that matter?
Mike Mussallem: I am not sure it has been a big gating factor in the past, but we have been concerned overall that without formal reimbursement it could ultimately limit our ability to grow. One of the reasons that we are really pleased with this is we think they put their reasonable number out there that the hospital is going to be reimbursed and it really gives us the ability to have this procedure just adopted without this financial constraint as an issue. I mean hospitals are still going to judge whether they think this is good therapy and whether the patients are there and we are delighted that this is working out this way.
Timothy Lee - Piper Jaffray : On the competitive front, at TCT there seems to be a heightened interest in at least the pacemaker implants on one of your competitors products. Are you seeing that as a concern in the marketplace and are you seeing any of your competitors accounts looking at your device just given some of the data that you have on the pacemaker implant rate?
Mike Mussallem: I think all things equal, people would probably rather not put in a pacemaker when they are going a transcatheter valve implantation. Having said that I would say that the big difference in sizes have been a more prominent issue for clinicians. Now once XT comes on and we think that sort of levels the playing field I think pacemakers start becoming a bigger issue, but right now the bigger issue is really implant size. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Roman with Goldman Sachs.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: First, Tom your comments on FX for gross margin in the fourth quarter, I assume that also reverses itself in the first three quarters of next year as well?
Tom Abate: Assuming the rates stay where they are today, yes you are probably right.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: So the way to look at gross margins without giving guidance for 2010, you disclosed what the impact was the first three quarters of the year, we just take that out and use that as a base gross margin to come up with 2010?
Tom Abate: Let me help you with that a little bit. What I said is that if you look at the full year, now I would adjust the headwind we are facing due to FX at being probably more in the neighborhood of 100 to 120 basis points.
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: So you would really reduce your quarter by that to get your quote base operating margin?
Tom Abate: Yes, you know you have that as headwind; we also have a couple of things, we just divested the hemofiltration business, the stents are finally gone, so I probably have 100 of mix already in our pockets. So it is looking better as we relied less on the rates to get to the point in our targets than we originally saw and we are doing more with product mix. It makes next years headwind that much less. 
David Roman - Goldman Sachs: Mike, if you look at the other commentary from, maybe not your direct competitors, but from other similar companies pricing inventory, unit demand, these have all been issues and you just dont seem to be seeing it in any of your businesses. Could you talk about your ability to continue to get mix and particularly in heart valve therapies and what the reception is and maybe what has happening on the pricing front?
Mike Mussallem: We are continuing to see good up tick of our premium products. This has been pretty consistent and was again true this quarter. For example we have new products launched in the US and some of the list actually is related to price to not units. Maybe two out of those ten points of growth are probably related to price as opposed to the unit growth. So, we are still seeing very solid pricing on the valve side. I think we would say the same is true in critical care, so it may just be a by-product of the product lines that we are in.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jason Mills with Canaccord Adams. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams : I wanted to start with something we havent talked about in awhile, US surgical heart valves. Could you help us understand what underlying unit growth was for you relative to the market? It certainly seems beyond the mix that from a unit perspective you gained some share this quarter.
Tom Abate: I tried to indicate that overall here units were clearly up in the US, so we think we had something in the neighborhood of 8% unit growth, probably, that happened in the big aortic side which is the big driver of the growth. We also saw unit growth on the mitral side, more modest but still solid probably at or above the market.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams : Where do you see the market at in terms of surgical heart valve therapy unit growth as you enter 2010 and so you still expect to see, especially if you get an IDE for an XT trial, to enjoy some ample effect from that as it relates to your surgical heart valve business?
Tom Abate: Yes, overall we think that the heart valve market has probably grown and it is a little higher than its typical 3% to 5% growth rate and that may be because we are out there with premium products and so we are causing that to happen. We may also see units operating at the little bit of the higher end of that range as well. It is possible that the attraction of additional patients actually really does stimulate the surgical growth rate; it is not clear at this point. Frankly, if we go back to what has been going on in Europe it seems as though the surgical growth rates have been relatively constant compared to what they were before our transcatheter heart valve. The good news about that is all in all the market growth from THV has been up side, but there may be a little bit of cannibalization in Europe too and those factors, the up side that sort of comes into surgery sort of gets offset. I dont know exactly how that plays out in the US yet.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams : Great and then I have one question for PARTNER and then one for Tom. On PARTNER 2 do you expect to have a co-primary endpoint similar to PARTNER 1? Then for Tom, most of the operating margin expansion you have shown thus far in 2009 well over 100 basis points has come from top line in gross margins. I am wondering what we can expect over the next couple of years from SG&A leverage, if anything, to drive you over that 20% level perhaps as you look at 2010, 2011. Should we look at SG&A perhaps more than we have in the past as our leverage point in the model?
Mike Mussallem: You are probably not going to be surprised, but we really dont have any details on PARTNER 2 at this point. I mean, it would be foolish to speculate. We are looking forward to hearing back from the FDA in the fourth quarter and we are hopeful here that we can get some pretty quick resolution on this so that we will start our ID trial in the first quarter, but we just dont know what it is going to look like right now. As I said, we are trying to design a trial that gets it into the marketplace quickly, but it remains to be seen.
Tom Abate: In regards to operating margins we are very happy where we are. Year-to-date we are up about 200 basis points at operating income, 200 at net income. The quarter was up 280 at operating, so very, very good results, but you are right to say that a lot of that has been on GP, but of course we look at the whole picture when we look at what we are going to invest in the other areas of the P&L. I think it is logical. We havent given a lot of guidance, but what we have said is that we feel that we are at the high end, at the high water mark for both, particularly SG&A. As you see sales in SAPIEN and THV and some of the new products in critical care, we will expect to see additional leverage from the infrastructure that weve got in place all over the world. It is logical we have it that way and we will get more specific when we get to December.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.   
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup :  I want to start with SAPIEN XT, in terms of the procedure itself are there any additional steps required in the procedure that would warrant any additional training for physicians, or is it strictly just the change in size for the valve?
Mike Mussallem:  I dont know how familiar you are with the NovaFlex delivery system, but there is an additional step of when we actually bring it in, or bring in the balloon, back into the stent. We think it is a pretty straightforward step, but it is different and it does require training on behalf of the accounts. We think that somebody that has experience with transcatheter heart valves will pick up this additional step pretty easily and it is worth it in terms of what you pick up in profile. 
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup : Okay so at this point in terms of the procedures that have been done so far that additional step itself hasnt caused any issues?
Mike Mussallem:  That is correct, but this is the reason that we do this. What we expect, if this gives you any clue, we expect that any training for these sites will happen in the hospitals, so we will be able to bring our clinical specialists in there and without proctoring go through and show them the steps that are necessary.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup : Okay and can you quantify the impact of any third quarter seasonality on the SAPIEN results and then additionally in terms of the continued Access Program, are any sites essentially butting up against their upper limits and how many procedures they can actually do since there are some limits in place for that program?
Mike Mussallem:  In terms of seasonality maybe Tom will have something to add to that, but when you have Q3 essentially at the same level of Q2 that speaks to a lot of growth. If you look at the normal seasonality for Edwards sales are down pretty substantially in the third quarter and from a global point of view we see the most pronounced seasonality in Europe. Given that almost all of our safety and sales in Europe, I think it is a pretty encouraging sign from our perspective to see where sales came out in the quarter. In terms of our accounts running out of gas, there are a lot of different stories out there. Some places where reimbursement is unconstrained it is going to be more a function of the referral patterns and the competence of physicians. There may be places in Europe where there actually are financial constraints.
Tom Abate: Was the question regarding continued Access in the US?
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup : Yes it was regarding continued Access in the US not in Europe.
Tom Abate: Okay, those numbers were set in proportion to the activity that the centers had in the trial; so, while it is not exactly the number of cases they were doing it was sort of the balance that they achieved probably in the last several months.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup : Okay, but none of those sites are saying this is a limiting factor, weve got more patients coming in we need to
Mike Mussallem: Oh sure, as a matter of fact almost every site is upset with this. They would like to have more patients there is no doubt about that.
Tom Abate: Bur we are looking at the glass half-full rather and they keep doing this so.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup : Mike you didnt quantify that seasonality; is there any way you can give a range there?
Mike Mussallem:  There is not really anything to point to where we had a business that was exclusively in Europe and a new technology like this, I think you would just be picking a number out of the wind to say. But, we had talked about and we expected that we would see something that could potentially be less than the second quarter and when it measured up to the second quarter that is about the extent of what we can tell you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sara Michelmore with Cowen and Company. 
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company :  I was wondering if you could just talk about the cost position of the SAPIEN XT and the Nova Flex catheter and as we look to our models next year is there anything we should keep in mind as far as start up costs associated with that launch in Europe or any differences in the cross position of that product versus the current one you have on the market?
Mike Mussallem: Let me start and then Tom can add to it. Over all I would expect the cost to be higher for the XT with the NovaFlex delivery system. Not substantially higher, but some higher, certainly for start up reasons and also there is also some nuances here that make it look a little more expensive to make. At the same time I would expect that we would get a higher price in the marketplace. Net, net I would expect margins to be somewhat similar to what we are experiencing right now.
Tom Abate: And it should be a lift in comparison to the Company overall.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, not where we want to be. We are moving quickly form generation to the next generation. It is more important about learning and getting it right. I think it represents a lot of potential going down the line to potentially take costs out of the system, but it is not currently the priority.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company : Okay, so this is really in addition to the product line as opposed to a replacement for the SAPIEN. Is that the correct way to think about it?
Mike Mussallem: It is true that the SAPIEN is still there. Our expectations are that people would clearly choose the SAPIEN XP versus the SAPIEN if given a choice. The one place where this gets more interesting is the trial in the US, the PARTNER trial is for SAPIEN and so even though we may have all of our OUS volume over time, and it may take a year for this to happen to switch us over to XP, once we get approved in the US we will be making SAPIEN for the US markets.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company : Okay and Mike is there any update on the transcatheter mitral program? I know you gave us a little update on the enrollment last quarter. I am just curious if there is any update there?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, on the Monarch program, yes as we indicated that enrollment is going a little slower than we originally anticipated, so I dont expect us to complete enrollment of that trial until 2010. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Doug LaSalle with Barclays.
Doug LaSalle - Barclays Capital: With the introduction of SAPIEN XT imminent in Europe will you have a change in terms of the centers that you try to go after in terms of adding accounts vis a vis potentially trying to go after some more centers that are perhaps using those competitive transcatheter valve right now?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, there are a couple of dimensions there. Obviously our good customers today are going to be very interested in getting that XT product and so we are going to want to take good care of them. At the same time we would hope that some of the customers that are maybe using competitor products might want to try out SAPIEN XT so I expect there to be new accounts as well, but the priority probably is for us first to take care of our customers that have been loyal right along.
Doug LaSalle - Barclays Capital: Okay and sort of following on Saras question on the mitral valve program, you sort of talked about STCT in terms of the Moebius program sort of being put on hold. Are most of your efforts now being focused on the Monarch program or are you perhaps pursing other things behind the scenes in terms of iterations of perhaps attacking or going after that condition?
Mike Mussallem: We have a high level of interest in the mitral position broadly and so this is one that we are on. We havent said anything public about what we are working on beyond the Monarch program, but this is a large opportunity and you can imagine that this has our attention.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Spencer Nam with Summer Street Research Group.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Group : I was wondering if you guys could maybe address roughly how many countries in Europe do you expect to hear from in terms of reimbursement in 2010?
Mike Mussallem: What happens is there are a lot of countries in the EU at this point; I think it probably approaches 20 and so I am not sure we keep score on all of the smaller countries. We keep score on the larger countries and we would expect out of the big countries that we might hear from another three, four during 2010 if that gives you some sense.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Group : Yes that is helpful and does that mean that the reimbursement will kick in for 2011 for those countries, or could we see some reimbursement kick in for the second half of 2010 or things like that?
Mike Mussallem: I am not sure that it is necessarily all on a calendar year, so yes we could see some kick in sooner. I hate to speculate exactly how that works though.
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research Group : Okay that is helpful and then I wasnt sure if you commented in your prepared statements about the conclusion of the Cohort B trial and whether we could expect any sort of FDA filing on that cohort in 2010?
Mike Mussallem: We didnt speak to it on this call, but we have spoke to that previously. Cohort B enrolls first and we completed enrollment back in March of this year. So, once we have that data we have decided that we will submit that data first and not wait for the Cohort A data; so that will indeed go in our expectation here that it goes in sometime mid-2010 if that is the question.
Operator:  Your last question comes from Brooks West with Craig Hallum Capital Group.
Brooks West - Craig Hallum Capital Group: Mike, I wanted to drill down a little bit more on the potential impact of SAPIEN XT in Europe. I am trying to get your thoughts on how that might impact your transapical procedures and then some thoughts on your ability to potentially take some share from CoreValve and what might the training or familiarity hurdle be with the physicians that are using CoreValve and how you might overcome that.
Mike Mussallem: First and again this gets a little speculative because we really dont know yet. Right now you would get patients that would not be good candidates for a TF procedure. Once their XT is in place they could indeed be candidates for that, so I think it does mean that you have the potential to do more TF. Having said that TA is very popular and it has become very popular with the surgeons and so I dont expect them to walk away from the procedure and I wonder whether they will continue to do this and even consider it an interesting alternative versus an open sternotomy.  When we try and contrast it to customers that are CoreValve customers and their ability to learn the XT I think it is always helpful if you have already done transcatheter valves and you have developed a certain skill level around that and that is helpful. You still have to go through the training, but you have clearly made some big steps forward; your competence level is probably up; you have learned to work as a team and so I think it is definitely a pretty substantial step forward.
Brooks West - Craig Hallum Capital Group: So obviously you have probably had some conversations with centers that are using both devices. I mean is there a great interest in CoreValve doctors in the new slimmed down XT delivery system?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, there is clear interest that is for sure, and I think that is more or less the interventional cardiology as a community: when there is something new and interesting they are very interested and I wouldnt be surprised if they look at it very carefully.
Mike Mussallem:  Thanks so much folks for all your continued interest in Edwards. Tom, David, and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone and with that, back to you David.  
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on todays call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in todays press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of todays call a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours: to access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 use account number 2995 and pass code 334198. Finally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation. (Operator Instructions)

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Michael Mussallem  CEO Tom Abate  CFO David Erickson  VP IR 
Analysts:  David Lewis - Morgan Stanley  Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities  Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan  Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse Timothy Lee - Piper Jaffray  Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams  [Bruce Nudel]  UBS Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets  Amit Bhalla - Citi  Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company  Joshua Zable - Natixis Bleichroeder Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research  Keay Nakae - Collins Stewart  Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets  
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions). It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our second quarter 2009 financial results. During our call today well focus our prepared remarks on information that complements the material included in the press release and financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Michael Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Thomas Abate, CFO and Treasurer. Before I turn the call over to Michael, I would like to remind you that during todays call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections.  These statements include, but arent limited to, sales, gross profit margin, expenses, net income, earnings per share, and free cash flow goals or expectations for 2009, the regulatory approval and sales of heart valve therapy products including Magna Ease and Magna Mitral Ease, the competitive dynamics of the heart valve market, the timing, progress, and results of clinical studies including the PARTNER trial, the continued adoption in Europe, and expected 2009 sales of the Edwards SAPIEN valve, expected sales and enhancements for the FloTrac system and the development of continuous blood glucose monitoring technology. These statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after the date they are made. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements may be found in our press release, our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2008, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at www.edwards.com. With that, Ill turn the call to Michael Mussallem.
Michael Mussallem : Thank you David, were proud to report strong second quarter results. Total underlying sales growth was 9.8% with our heart valve therapy franchise once again making a significant contribution. In addition we continue to make important progress on our transcatheter heart valve technologies.  This quarters results were also highlighted by a continued step up in gross profit margin driven by the strong performance of new products and divestiture of lower margin product lines. Our product mix represents a new baseline of profitability from which we can continue to expand.  Now Ill shift to a more detailed review of our product line sales and progress on new products and then Tom will discuss the financial results and outlook.  For the second quarter we reported heart valve therapy sales of $182 million, which includes the negative impact from foreign exchange of $10 million and a $4.1 million benefit from IMR in [deteologics] repair products return. Remember that in the fourth quarter of 2008 we excluded $4.5 million from our underlying sales for the retrieval of these products from customers because we expected to return them. As the returns occurred this quarter we excluded the benefit from our underlying sales growth rate. On an underlying basis heart valve therapy sales increased 16.7% for the quarter led by continued adoption of transcatheter values and 10% global tissue valve growth.  Turning to our surgical valve products, on a global basis tissue and repair sales growth was 7.5% for the quarter. In the US growth stepped up to 7.6% as we gained share in both the Mitral and aortic positions. Outside the US the growth rate was similar as we also continued to gain share abroad.  Magna Mitral sales in the US continued to ramp up driving double-digit Mitral valve growth in the second quarter. In May we received FDA approval for our Magna Ease aortic valve. This valve is designed for easier implantation, and has the potential for leadership in the largest segment of the valve replacement.  Although its contribution in the quarter was minimal initial acceptance has been encouraging and we expect strong adoption. We gained share in Japan as double-digit growth of heart valves continued led by our Magna aortic valve which has become the number one selling valve in just over a year.  Now that weve reached the anniversary of its introduction in Japan Magna aortics contribution to growth will begin to diminish. During the quarter we received US approval for our newest Magna Mitral valve the Magna Mitral Ease. Were excited about this new valve and continue to believe it will extend the Magna platform by providing improved MIS capability and ease of implantation.  Were planning to do a limited launch in the fourth quarter. Turning to repair, underlying growth in the quarter was approximately 2% which was again negatively impacted by the temporary absence of some of our specialty rings in the US. Our Physio 2 ring which has been rolled out in both the US and Europe and adoption has been brisk as a number of customers upgraded from Physio 1. In Japan our IMR ring is currently approved for commercial use and we now plan a launch later this year as we await reimbursement approval. With our full compliment of rings now available in the US and the acceleration of Physio 2 we expect our repair growth to increase in the second half of the year.  To summarize for 2009 we now expect our surgical heart valve therapy products to achieve underlying growth at the high end of our prior 7% to 9% range driven by share gains and new products launches in the US.  Turning to transcatheter heart valves, for the second quarter SAPIEN sales were $26.5 million driven primarily by continued adoption in Europe with modest contributions from new markets and our US clinical trial. Second quarter sales exclude transcatheter valves that were used in the SAPIEN XP prevail trial which were provided at no charge.  In Europe more than 1,000 SAPIEN valves were implanted in over 145 centers during the quarter with an acute procedural success rate that remained high and selling prices that remained stable.  Sales continue to be driven primarily by implants with over 95% of the valves sold being implanted. Globally the number of implanted valves was more than 1,200 as we continued to expand. As more centers perform cases independently well have less visibility into the number of valves implanted.  As a result beginning next year well no longer provide this type of implant data on these calls although clinical data will certainly continue to be presented at major medical meetings. Based on our momentum we remain on track to exceed our goal of doubling the number of transcatheter heart valve procedures compared to 2008. We expect third quarter sales to be impacted by the normal seasonality of procedures in Europe with a rebound expected in the fourth quarter. We remain confident that full year 2009 transcatheter valve sales will exceed $100 million.  Turning to our US PARTNER trial, as we announced last quarter we completed enrollment of Cohort B, the 350 patient non-surgical arm of the trial. With regard to Cohort A, the surgical arm, at the end of the quarter we had enrolled approximately 600 of the 690 patients required and at our current pace we still expect to complete enrollment by the end of August.  Once Cohort A enrollment is complete well request FDA approval for continued access for all of our existing partner sites to ensure that this technology remains available for patients.  Our RetroFlex 3 transfemoral delivery system is being rolled out across commercial sites in Europe and clinician feedback and experience has been very positive. During EuroPCR, this new delivery system was featured in a number of live cases which highlighted its ease of use benefits and greater stability of valve delivery.  In the US a number of sites have gained IRB approval to convert to RetroFlex 3 in our PARTNER trial. In May at the EuroPCR meeting we featured the first human implants of our new smaller 18 french system comprised of SAPIEN XP and NovaFlex, our next generation valve and transfemoral delivery system.  In Europe we believe the patients enrolled in our PREVAIL transfemoral study will fulfill the requirements for a CE mark approval and support a first quarter 2010 launch. We believe our SAPIEN XP with a NovaFlex delivery system better addresses the requirements of transfemoral delivery.  In the US we continue to make good progress on our pre clinical testing of SAPIEN XT and expect to submit an IDE in the third quarter which could result in an approval before year end. In our 30 patient US feasibility trial of the SAPIEN valve in the pulmonic position, weve added sites and enrollment is over half way complete.  At our current pace we now expect to complete enrollment in the third quarter and then transition to a larger humanitarian device exemption trial. In June the UK court found Cooks transcatheter valve patent to be invalid and agreed with an earlier German court decision that Edwards does not infringe.  In addition during the quarter we received a positive set of rulings in the US core valve patent litigation. In the [Markman] hearing which determined the scope of the claims of the Anderson patents, the judge ruled in Edwards favor on many of the critical issues. We think this improves our overall position as we approach the jury trial which is scheduled for the first quarter of 2010. During the next few months our transcatheter technology will be featured at several conferences including the ESC meeting in late August, TCT in September, the EACTS and European Society meeting in October. Thats the European surgery meeting.  Now turning to critical care, for the second quarter critical care reported $113 million in sales which included a $6.2 million negative impact from foreign exchange. Underlying sales growth was 2.3%. Sales of our newer products which included FloTrac, [pre sup] and [pedia sat] once again achieved strong growth for the quarter while constraints on hospital capital spending continued to impact hardware sales.  In hemofiltration during the quarter our solutions provider continued to struggle which again detracted from critical care sales growth. In June we announced an agreement to sell our hemofiltration product which will allow us to better focus on our global strategic priorities.  We expect this transaction to close in the third quarter. This product line represented approximately $50 million of sales in 2008. Turning to new products, to date FloTrac success has been primarily focused on the high risk surgical environment. Last quarter we launched a third generation algorithm for FloTrac that enhances its accuracy when used in patients with sepsis and other critical illnesses.  Feedback has been very positive. At the end of the third quarter we still expect to launch a substantial upgrade that will strengthen FloTracs applicability in the medical ICU enabling more patients to receive enhanced monitoring with the addition of new parameters.  In addition we remain on track to launch a new hardware platform at the end of the third quarter. This new platform will provide a simpler more intuitive informational display and ultimately consolidate all of our parameters into one platform.  With regard to our continuous glucose monitoring program, during the quarter we initiated clinical studies to validate performance. Positive data would support a regulatory approval and launch of our first generation product in Europe before year end. [Glycemic] control represents an exciting new opportunity to fill an unmet need and accelerate our longer-term critical care growth rate.  In summary we expect our new critical care product introductions to drive higher growth rates in the second half of the year. However in light of the divestiture of our hemofiltration business and continued weakness in hardware sales, were now lowering our prior critical care sales guidance for 2009 by $20 million and now expect annual underlying growth of 3% to 6%. Turning to cardiac surgery systems reported sales for the quarter increased to $24 million which grew approximately 8.5% on an underlying basis. MIS grew more than 20% and our base Cannula products showed modest growth. In June new research on our port access system was presented at the Society of Heart Valve Disease meeting in Berlin. The results of the study demonstrated that using our minimally invasive system in mitral valve surgery significantly decreased the length of stay in hospitals and ICUs and improved the outcomes when compared to conventional [inaudible]. Due to the strong interest at MIS procedures well continue to invest in professional education and remain confident in achieving our full year underlying growth goal of 9% to 11%.  Total reported sales of vascular products was $16.3 million this quarter and declined due to lower sales of the divested LifeStent products. Sales of our Fogerty vascular products were relatively constant versus the prior year at approximately $13 million.  Turing to transcatheter mitral repair, enrollment in evolution two for our Monarch system has been slower than originally anticipated. We recently expanded our trial to include specialty heart failure centers in order to increase the rate of enrollment.  And now Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Abate : Thank you Michael, in addition to the solid sales performance that Michael discussed we reported non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.79, a 205 increase versus prior year driven primarily by continued expansion of our gross profit margin. This EPS improvement was achieved at the same time that we increased our R&D investments by 20%. Before I go through the P&L I would like to remind you of the accounting treatment for the relaunch of IMR and DET logics brings.  Our GAAP results included approximately $4 million of sales, gross profit and pre-tax income from units that were returned to customers in the second quarter. We have excluded the favorable financial impact of these sales from our non-GAAP earnings.  For the quarter our gross profit margin was 69.6% compared to 65.5% in the same period last year. This 410 basis point improvement was due primarily to product mix and favorable FX hedge outcomes. Based on our strong performance to date, we expect our full year gross profit margin to be consistent with this quarters rate which is at the high end of our previous guidance.  Second quarter SG&A expenses were $128 million or 38.3% of sales, an increase of $2 million over the prior year. This increase was driven by higher spending for the SAPIEN valve program in Europe and sales and marketing expenses at heart valve therapy partially offset by foreign exchange.  For the full year 2009 we now expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be between 38% and 39%. R&D investments in the quarter were $43 million or 12.7% of sales compared to $35 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily the result of additional investments in our transcatheter heart valve and FloTrac programs.  For the second half of the year we expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be approximately 13.5%. We recorded a special charge of $1.5 million during the quarter in connection with our pending hemofiltration divestiture. This previously announced transaction is anticipated to close in the third quarter at which time we expect to record a gain of approximately $45 million.  Additionally we will receive payments based upon the buyers achievement of future revenue objectives. These payments will be recorded as other income and are estimated to be $1.5 million per quarter through the end of 2010. Other income of $2 million in the second quarter consisted primarily of balance sheet related foreign exchange gains. Our reported tax rate for the second quarter was 24.4%. Excluding special items this rate was 22.9% benefiting from the favorable results of our 2008 tax filing.  For the full year 2009 we continue to expect our rate to be approximately 24% excluding special items. When compared to the same quarter last year, FX rates negatively impacted second quarter sales by approximately $18 million. At current exchange rates we now anticipate approximately $30 million of negative impact on our full year 2009 sales.  This is $30 million better than last quarters guidance primarily as a result of our hedging strategies. This quarter we realized $0.02 of benefit to our EPS. Free cash flow generated during the second quarter was $66 million. We define this as cash flow from operating activities of $64 million, less capital spending of $17 million plus $19 million in tax payments related to previous LifeStent transaction milestones.  These milestones were classified as special items in prior period earnings. For 2009 we continue to expect free cash flow to be $160 to $170 million excluding the impact of special items. During the first quarter we repurchased 445,000 shares of common stock for approximately $28 million.  During the first six months of the year we repurchased 908,000 shares or just over $54 million. Turning to our balance sheet we ended the quarter with a net cash position of $69 million. Total cash of $183 million exceeded our total debt of $114 million. Our DSO at the end of the quarter was 69 days, an increase of one day from the prior quarter.  Inventory turns were 2.5, a slight decrease from the prior quarter. Turing to our 2009 sales guidance, we continue to project total sales to be at the upper end of our full year guidance of $1.24 million to $1.3 million, as the positive benefit from foreign exchange fluctuations offsets the negative impact from the hemofiltration sale.  For heart valve therapy we are increasing the mid point of our sales guidance by $25 million, $690 to $710 million. This excludes the $4 million favorable impact from the relaunch of repair rings. In critical care we are now lowering our sales guidance by $20 million to $435 to $455 million. In cardiac surgery systems we continue to expect sales of $90 to $100 million and in vascular we now expect sales to be at the upper end our previous guidance of $50 to $60 million.  For the third quarter of 2009 we project total sales of $305 to $325 million and we estimate that third quarter diluted EPS excluding special items will be between $0.66 and $0.70. For full year 2009 we are raising our guidance for diluted EPS excluding special items to $3.00 to $3.06. We now expect to be at the upper end of our goal to grow diluted EPS by 15% to 19%. And with that Ill turn it back over to Michael. 
Michael Mussallem : Thanks for your patience. Were having some technical difficulties here so were having to share a microphone but I think we can continue. So thanks very much Tom. Overall we had a very successful first six months and are expecting a strong second half of the year. Our underlying sales growth estimate of 10% to 12% for 2009 remains unchanged and we expect to meet or exceed all of our previously stated financial goals.  And with that Ill turn it back over to David. 
David Erickson: Before we open it up for questions, Id like to encourage you to take note of several upcoming events. In September the TCT meeting will be held in San Francisco. At this meeting several clinicians will present their experiences with our transcatheter valve technologies and there will likely be updates on PARTNER EU.  In addition we plan to host an informal analyst meeting at this event so stay tuned for more details. Also in early December we will host our 2009 investor conference at our corporate headquarters in Irvine. At this event we will provide an update on our new technologies as well as our outlook for 2010. Watch for more information about this event later in the year. We intend to end todays call by 5:00 pm Eastern. In order to allow broad participation in the Q and A we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions please reenter the queue and well answer as many as we can during the remainder of the hour.  We are now ready for your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of David Lewis - Morgan Stanley 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley :  So quickly here on the EPS guidance, trying to understand the different variables here, can you quantify for us presumably critical care would have been a drag on earnings this year, and certainly you had that information last quarter, so can you help us understand in terms of earnings what was that drag or quantify the amount of that drag and then secondarily, if we think about your guidance or how your business is progressing throughout the year, it appears that GMs are coming in better but youre incrementally inching up that SG&A. So can you talk to us about how long you think that trend is going to continue and where those incremental dollars are being spent.  
Tom Abate : Point of clarification, when you said critical care was driving the growth rate, did you mean the hemofiltration business. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley : Sorry, hemo depressing the growth rate. 
Tom Abate : Hemo is dragging down the growth line. What actually happened is in the first half as we struggled with supply we actually were paying a penalty to our growth rate and thats one of the reasons the rates were what they were. However in the second half we did expect to remedy that situation. It would have been a contributor to growth. Overall net net its pretty negligible, a few tenths of a percentage on the total companys growth. But not a big story there.  GM Im very happy with the gross profit margin. Were at the upper end of what we were looking for this year, 68 to 70. Were now confirming we think were at 69.5 in that range, very close. Were very happy with that and I thought the rate was 38.9 this quarter if Im not mistaken so not thinking thats very much out of line but I think thats consistent. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley : You went to the higher end of GM and the higher end of SG&A so the question is is that a trend line we should expect to continue here over the next three to four quarters. 
Tom Abate : I think the higher end, yes. We definitely gave guidance for the rest of the year for that and probably 38 plus staying within the range that I gave, 38 to 39, but more towards 39 is a fair observation. 
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley : Just two quick comments here on valves, the first is just on transapical just given recent data weve seen both the EuroPCR and as well as recent valve conferences with the rise of the [sub clavian] approach as well as some of the consistent mortality issues with TA which largely are cohort driven, is your view of the market opportunity for TA has that shifted for you in the last six months or has it stayed relatively the same and just a second question on valves, you talked about going in dependant in Europe last quarter and again this quarter. I wonder if you quantify for us what percent of valves are now being independently approctured or not been proctured in Europe.
Michael Mussallem : Let me take them in reverse order, to the second question, right I think in the second quarter around 20% of the valves were conducted, were implanted by centers that were operating independently without any Edwards representative at the case. And that will continue to step up over time.  And in terms of transapical I would say our view is relatively unchanged although there continues to be a difference between transfemoral and transapical. Much of this can be explained by the fact that you have different patient groups that are being evaluated and also transapical is on a learning curve.  If you listen to the surgeons just recently at a surgeons meeting their optimism is actually rising on transapical as they like that procedure better and better. And much of what theyre doing is to contrast that to the open [inaudible] and I think compared to [inaudible] transapical potentially has some real advantages. And so thats why we look at that as an upside and one that will continue to be popular with surgeons over time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities 
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities : First question on the recent report from the Journal of Cardiac Thoracic Surgery, on [metronics mosaic valve] which got picked up on heart.org on the early aortic stenonis, what are you hearing from surgeons on that and how does that factor into your guidance. 
Michael Mussallem : You know thats a relatively recent development so I would say at this point it really hasnt changed how we look at our valve business and our growth rates. What we have anticipated in the past continues to be the case right now. So its really not a new one from our perspective. Its something that we had heard about anecdotally and really its a single center experience and so that doesnt get fully adopted by all surgeons in terms of their thinking. 
Larry Biegelsen - Wells Fargo Securities : And then on SAPIEN last year the implant number increased sequentially from the second to third quarter but obviously that was early in the launch. What would you expect the third quarter to look like this year compared to the second quarter, would it be more normal seasonality or are we still on a ramp where we could have sequential increase in implants.  
Michael Mussallem : We always have seasonality at Edwards and seasonality in Europe is more pronounced than any other place around the world and its not unusual in our valve business for and I think last year and typically its maybe a 15% drop from Q2 to Q3 but given the trajectory of SAPIEN and the way its been growing we would hope to overcome most of that during Q3.  But Id say thats about as good an estimate that we have at this point but Id certainly expect a strong rebound in the fourth quarter and feel very confident about the more than $100 million for full year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan 
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan : Just a couple of transcatheter valve modeling questions, first would be it looks like the space [in the back of the envelope math] that the implants per center might have been down slightly sequentially, so do you have any thoughts on that. And really the same question on pricing, it seems like it varies a lot quarter to quarter and Im sure thats based on your mix of geographies. Obviously were trying to adjust for currency here as well which makes it messy too but do you have any thought on pricing. I know you made the comment that prices were relatively stable sequentially but does the dollar basis as well as if we adjusted for the currency effect would seem like it was down meaningfully sequentially. So any thoughts here would help. 
Michael Mussallem : On pricing I would say that we watch this very carefully and its very stable within an existing center and thats consistently been the case and so we really havent seen changes. Where youll see changes driven is the mix so if the country mix or the center mix changes, that would change at a small amount. Youd see some from currency but overall were just not seeing a lot of volatility in pricing.  I dont think the implants for center is down very much, it might be tight. It maybe isnt growing at the rate that it was but theres not a big change there. 
Michael Weinstein - JPMorgan : And then the transapical percentage is that around 70% of your mix. Yes transapical continues to be probably twice the rate of implant of transfemoral. And relative to PARTNER as we think about the tracking of the data into 2010 is the street thinking about it correctly thats it most likely that you will analyze and announce the Cohort B data and then submit that data before we get to the Cohort A completion. 
Michael Mussallem : Well thats sort of a two part question, and Ill answer this and then ask you to get back in line, but I think overall your assumption I think the way I hear your question is correct which is that Cohort B, we would anniversary a year from March, need some time to have those last patients come in, analyze the data.  So we would think by next summer wed be in a position that we would have data that could be shared and we would hope that there would be some kind of substantial medical meeting at that time that we could make it public. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: Just on the continued access is there any discussion to perhaps change that from a randomized approach to maybe a single arm registry in either the medical management arm or the surgical or will it remain randomized. 
Michael Mussallem : Good question, were in talks right now with FDA on this and I really dont have anything to report in that regard. Whats most important for us is that those patients continue to have the ability to receive treatment and were going to be lobbying hard for that one. But I really dont know where theyre going to come out in terms of randomization or not. 
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: So the I guess goal to perhaps get a non randomized continued access. 
Michael Mussallem : Yes we would love this technology to be available to as many patients as possible but again FDA has to judge that. 
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: When do you think the timing of the decision, I know its the FDA, but is that something that we could hear perhaps later this fall or
Michael Mussallem : Yes, I would think so. Our expectation is that we will complete enrollment of Cohort A by the end of August and at that point it becomes a relatively urgent matter and so thats why weve started now and were hopeful that FDA would make a decision such that our centers would have something to do in September because we know its a very sick group of people without many options.  So that would be my expectation but again I hesitate to predict what regulators might do. 
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: And have you quantified what the FX impact was on the SAPIEN business year to year, I imagine its not too big. 
Tom Abate : I think year to year is probably not the best way to look at it because we had already known the rate changes occurred in the second half of last year. More importantly the change from Q1 until now or even guidance primarily the euro back even in December was at 135 which is pretty much the average rate we had this quarter.  So not a big impact at all there. 
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: I guess Im just trying to figure out what the underlying growth would have been in SAPIEN if we held last years rates current. 
Tom Abate : Well you would look primarily at the euro. As we said all along it was vastly euro based and I think euro year over year was about 18%. 
Michael Mussallem : Yes, were in a good position for, were going to be in a good position for doubling for the year. Were well ahead of that obviously as you might expect at this stage. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Lee - Piper Jaffray 
Timothy Lee - Piper Jaffray : Just two questions, one on the SAPIEN side, with core valve having a [inaudible] here for a couple of months now, has the dynamics of the European market changed if it has changed at all. 
Michael Mussallem :  We really have not seen much change there. Its been very similar we feel like to what weve seen before. We know that theres activity and obviously [Medtronic] is getting organized and may do some different things but at the customer level we really havent seen much of a change. 
Timothy Lee - Piper Jaffray : And then just on a, switching to the balance sheet here, could you just talk about your cash position. With the sale of the hemofiltration business youre going to see a big step up in your cash balance, what do you expect to do with this money, are we going to see a step up in your share buyback or just any other plans in general. 
Tom Abate : Our cash position has been in a positive net cash position for a couple of quarters now. So it has not been a constraint on any of our plans and our priorities remain pretty much unchanged. We did three deals in the fourth quarter, not large, but a number of small things that had good valuation and we think that market continues to have opportunities for us and well keep true to our strategy of looking at that first and then share repurchases probably second priority.  
Timothy Lee - Piper Jaffray : Just on that share purchases, is there a quarterly run rate we should think of or are you just more opportunistic from quarter to quarter. 
Tom Abate : Well if you look at the rates so far this year, its very consistent what our goal was, we said about 100 million keeping shares pretty close to even. It sort of depends on the second half on share price, but right now our intention is to more than offset option exercises and hold our rates there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams 
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams : First on SAPIEN in the press release the guidance for SAPIEN seems to have a bit of an intricacy change to it in that youre modeling for greater than $100 million in sales outside of the US. Im just wondering on the margin in the back half of the year with continued access protocol and the PARTNER finishing up, what should we expect out of the United States in terms of SAPIEN sales.  
Michael Mussallem : Thats a subtlety that Im impressed that you picked up on. We werent trying to send any extraordinary signal there. We dont really expect the US PARTNER trial contribution to change much between now and the rest of the year. Its been contributing maybe a million dollars a quarter so far and wed expect it to contribute at a similar rate for the rest of the year if thats your question. 
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams : Sticking with SAPIEN for a second, as you get towards the SAPIEN XT launch or hopeful launch in the beginning of 2010 what would be the composition of the expected build in inventory to get ready for that launch. The bottom line there in that question is will you be prepared for a full launch and to meet whatever demand you may see in your case Im guessing hopefully strong demand as you launch that product. 
Michael Mussallem :  Again what youre talking about is our launch in Europe in 2010.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams : Yes as you get closer, Im guessing youre going to be building inventory and preparing for that and so Im just wondering the composition of that build. 
Michael Mussallem : Well clearly be building inventory and we anticipate doing well with SAPIEN XT, we think its going to be a very popular valve and so were already building SAPIEN XT, were already building NovoFlex delivery systems to prepare for that.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams : Any change or update in reimbursement in Europe on the SAPIEN side and then just moving to a more macro level US sales growth while youve been producing good results is not contributed, Im wondering as you launch these new products in heart valve therapy and critical care turns around a bit, what are your expectations or hopes with respect to your US growth which I think was about 3% this quarter and is obviously less than what youre producing outside of the US, perhaps you could give us some color on your plans in the US and how that might contribute as we move forward. 
Michael Mussallem : Again, well take these questions, the reimbursement, not major changes in reimbursement. We continue to expect to have a major country reimbursement approved yet this year. Would expect the other major countries and maybe the bulk of countries to come on in 2010 but maybe another one in 2011. So really very consistent with our past plans.  In terms of the broad question about the US Im not sure that I was tracking exactly what with it. Remember US surgical valves this quarter grew at 7.6%, thats valves and repair, that total component. Actually valves have been growing even higher than that, more like 10% and so the repair has been holding us back to some extent in the US and we would expect that to rebound here in the second quarter and for us to see a higher level.  Also in critical care we have felt the hardware probably in the US as much as any region, anywhere and we would expect that just because of the introductions of FloTrac and our other new products that the critical care growth rate would probably step up, more in the 4 to 6% range in the back half of the year. So maybe that helps give you a sense for what the US will look like going forward at least in 2009.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Bruce Nudel]  UBS
[Bruce Nudel]  UBS: last quarter you reported 850 units implanted in Europe I believe, whats the comparable number this quarter and could you just go over the total number of implants this quarter. 
Michael Mussallem :  I know we can confuse things by giving a couple of numbers this quarter, the comparable number this quarter is more than 1,000 valves compared to the 858 last quarter. Because there are valves used outside of Europe and also used in the PARTNER trial we felt it was helpful to share generally the number of valves that were implanted around the globe and in the last quarter there were more than 1,200 valves implanted around the globe. Does that help clarify that point. 
[Bruce Nudel]  UBS: Yes and I had a question about PARTNER V in the sense that is it a firm stop date like one year or can the follow-up and the reporting of the results kind of be protracted if in fact the event rate is not sufficiently high. 
Michael Mussallem : Yes, Im not the expert in this but I believe that follow-up does continue on these patients. The trial is specifically designed to analyze the one year follow-up and that will be the basis for approval. Are there scenarios in which you continue to collect data, or follow patients longer, Im sure those scenarios would exist. But thats sort of not plan A. 
[Bruce Nudel]  UBS: And just because Im slow, if there are more than 1,000 units and you had 850 in Europe last quarter whats the difference, why was the step up in revenue relatively small. 
Michael Mussallem :  Well a couple of things, one is remember this quarter we mentioned that there we also some Prevail valves, this is the XT valves that were implanted at no charge and so and maybe that goes and speaks to the earlier question about ASP as well because there were there some valves there in the second quarter at a much higher level than in the past that might have been more than $0.50 million worth of sales that typically would have been implants that in this particular quarter was zero. 
[Bruce Nudel]  UBS: And so Prevail units were approximately
Michael Mussallem : I dont know, my guess is its probably in the 30 to 50 range. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets 
Glenn Novarro - RBC Capital Markets : Just wanted to drill down a little bit more on whats happening in your base valve business because it appears that the Ease family is going to be a bigger contributor end of this year into 2010 and yet you mentioned several times youre taking market share so is the market share gains that you saw in the base business in 2Q, is it just better blocking and tackling. One of the competitors just spending less money in the space. Im just wondering if you could provide a little bit more commentary as to why youre gaining share when a lot of the new product flow is more back end weighted this year. 
Michael Mussallem : Its a good question, thanks. Theres a couple of things going on there. You know because of Mitral Magna were just having share gain in that position, but something else also seems to happen when we have a new valve like that. You get almost a halo effect in the aortic position and maybe its because our people are in there and theyre spending a lot of time with their clinicians but we also saw aortic volumes step up even in the absence of Magna Ease.  That just came at the end of the quarter and really had negligible impact on this quarter although we think its going to be substantial in the future. And Im sure our own team would say that theyre executing at a higher level in the field as well, but I think those are the key factors.  And so I end up being very optimistic about growth rate for surgical heart valves in the US going forward. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amit Bhalla - Citi 
Amit Bhalla - Citi : I wanted to ask you a quick question on SAPIEN, you are moving to smaller centers that are implanting valves now, can you give us a sense of how long its taking for these centers to ramp up versus the centers you had last year and I know you answered the question earlier about the competitive change with Medtronic by saying there hasnt been much of a competitive change, is that also the case at these smaller centers. 
Michael Mussallem : Im not sure exactly if I can be as precise as youd like, but let me take a shot. I think we continue to add centers probably at a similar rate that weve been, maybe in the 20 to 25 a quarter. My sense, I dont know that theres been any change in terms of the way a center ramps up. The training process is very similar to what we had last year and we think its quite effective and I think people come up nicely.  And Im still not convinced that its an intense competitive battle for share at this point. Most of the centers that are added are truly new centers that have not been involved in transcatheter [inaudible].
Amit Bhalla - Citi : And on SAPIEN XT, you said you are going to file an IDE in the third quarter so can you tell us in terms of primary end point, are you going with, is there a [mace] primary end point or it is mortality the primary end point and my additional question is litigation can you give us an update in Germany on the core valve patent validity case there. 
Michael Mussallem : So the question as it relates to XT were you asking about Europe or the US. 
Amit Bhalla - Citi : US IDE. 
Michael Mussallem : Yes, the US IDE is one that, it still remains to be seen exactly what that trial is going to look like. Were making a submission here in the third quarter. We continue to make good progress and were hoping and again this one were not certain of but were hoping that we can get an approved trial before year end. But we still dont know what that trial design is going to look like. Thats an unknown.  On the litigation front, this is I assume what youre talking about is the Anderson patent validity in Germany, this is the appeal of the, no this is the first time the validity will be heard. I dont know that theres any date set at this point. We think its going to be sometime in 2010.
Amit Bhalla - Citi : Wasnt that supposed to be, there was supposed to be a decision the second half of this year, so is it moving out to 2010.
Michael Mussallem : No Im sorry if we misled you on that one, my belief is that its always been 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company  
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company : You know I was hoping you could just talk a little bit about divestiture activity and with the hemofiltration divestiture almost behind you here, whats the outlook going forward for that type of activity. Do you feel like youve pruned away most of the low margin businesses at this point or should we be expecting anything else in the future. 
Michael Mussallem : We feel like we by and large are very happy with our portfolio. We really have pruned away those things that are less strategic for Edwards. The things that were engaged in today like all of our heart valve businesses, all of our critical care business, the way cardiac surgery is related to our valve business, this is all highly strategic for the company and so we dont have any current plans for divestiture. 
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company : In terms of acquisitions, are you actively looking for tuck ins or is that an opportunity for you to take advantage of some of the things that have come up in terms of properties that may be out there. 
Michael Mussallem : Were fortunate enough to have a strong balance sheet and be in a position to be able to add things to the portfolio that make sense. Im not trying to single anything thats very large in size or scope but we continue to be very interested in things that complement our strategy, things related to structural heart disease particularly valves, things that are related to critical care monitoring that can be really [growthy].  Most of what we look at are the really, the new opportunities, the exciting technologies that change the way the patients are monitored or the way that patients are actually treated and so they tend to be more technology related things we look at and we do that very aggressively.  But as you know were disciplined and so we only pull the trigger on those things that we really care about. 
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company : Can I ask you a question on the hospital glucose monitoring product, I was under the impression that the first version of that product anyways would be a stand alone. Im just wondering if you can talk a little bit about that product and whats the timeline on an integrated product or version of that product. 
Michael Mussallem : The product that we would introduce first clearly is stand alone and matter of fact that will be a first generation product and again this is all dependent on us having some very successful clinical trials here over the next quarter or so. Wed have a next generation stand alone thats probably behind it but then more to a more integrated system and thats going to come later on. Thats probably 12 to 18 months down the road where we would start integrating into our current package. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Zable - Natixis Bleichroeder
Joshua Zable - Natixis Bleichroeder: Congrats here, a couple of quick ones, but first I know theres a lot of moving parts, I know you kind of went over this, you took the bottom line guidance up, is that effectively just a positive mix shift here on the gross margin thats benefiting the bottom line with all the stuff moving around. 
Tom Abate : Id say if you tried to single out the major contributor, that would be the case and as you saw in the second quarter and for the year its pretty much by the beat in the quarter thats moving the year mostly. 
Joshua Zable - Natixis Bleichroeder: And then just in terms of RetroFlex 3, I know obviously you launched that you said you had some early sort of positive feedback, I know the kind of two issues if you want to call them that with the delivery system has been related to the [nosecone] and the size, RetroFlex 3 seems to have solved that taper nosecone issue. Im just wondering if you can comment on your market share in transfemoral right now as you view it. Obviously XT is going to be a big step to getting real, real competitive in that arena, but maybe you can talk us through where RetroFlex 3 puts you where you think you can get to until XT or if its just sort of a whether thats going to get you new accounts, or its really just a better device for the people that are already using yours and the real competitive push comes when XT comes. 
Michael Mussallem :  First of all were very pleased with RetroFlex 3. What it really does is simplify delivery and it gives us greater stability as well when we actually deliver that valve. What we could say is when we give our projection of more than $100 million for this year, thats based on what we have today meaning the SAPIEN valve and the RetroFlex 3 delivery system.  We think its a step up with SAPIEN XT obviously and gives us the opportunity to start assessing these transfemoral patients that we havent had the French size thats been, thats most popular with cardiologists. 
Joshua Zable - Natixis Bleichroeder: I guess Im just trying to gauge a little bit more expectations, obviously RetroFlex 3 is a step up but if I guess how close that moves you or the XT is really the big step up. I guess Im just trying to figure out, I know your expectations, if theres anything
Michael Mussallem : I think if you were to, just to answer it more directly I think if you were to ask cardiologists, theyd be although theyd be pleased with RetroFlex 3, theyd be very excited about XT. The XT, when you take four to five french sizes out thats a bigger deal. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research 
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research : I just have one question, I have been hearing that you were planning to split the FDA approval process based on Cohort A and Cohort B, is that going to happen here or where are you in terms of planning stage of that. 
Michael Mussallem : That is our strategy. There was a, there might have been a question at one time, but since Cohort B completed enrollment in March and Cohort A we dont expect until the end of August, there is a clear difference in timing and it incents us to move forward with Cohort B and were fortunate because its powered to be statistically significant as a stand alone Cohort, we have every incentive to try and do that and bring this technology to patients earlier then we would have if we wait for the full trial. 
Spencer Nam - Summer Street Research : It sounds to me like you are feeling pretty confident about the overall trial and the expected outcome, can we make that kind of inference at this point. 
Michael Mussallem : Yes, we are feeling good about the trials. Because its ground breaking and there hasnt been a trial done exactly like this in the past, its tough to always predict the outcome and we know that this group of patients is a group of patients that hasnt been studied in the past but one of the things were pleased at is that the SAPIEN results themselves as you can see in Europe have been even better than we might have thought in the beginning.  But having said that we like you have no visibility to the data and so were operating based on the kind of things that we see in Europe. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keay Nakae - Collins Stewart 
Keay Nakae - Collins Stewart : With respect to your IDE filing for SAPIEN XT, given the timing of that and not knowing the answer to PARTNER, does this relegate you to performing a similar type of two patient Cohort study surgical and non-surgical patients or are you hopeful for something simpler. 
Michael Mussallem : I think maybe both is true. Are we hopeful for something simpler, yes we would be hopeful for something simpler and obviously randomization is not something thats attractive to physicians or patients but having said that, with all the unknowns, if I were modeling I would say the conservative thing to do is to assume you have something that looks like the PARTNER trial. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets 
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets : A big picture one, if you can comment on anything youre seeing in Washington, DC and how it may effect the medical device industry and/or Edwards. 
Michael Mussallem : There is a lot going on there isnt there, and obviously because of my role as Chairman of [Avamed] I stay pretty close to this. Were concerned about it. When you hear about substantial changes to the delivery system its one that we watch carefully because were hopeful that theres going to be informed policy. We know that medical technology does a lot of positive things for the overall industry but being able to fund this expansion of healthcare is calling for a lot of savings to come out of the system.  And when hospitals have to save the kind of money that is being projected its the kind of thing thats somewhat worrisome for our industry. So were staying very close. Were highly engaged. I dont expect any sort of policy changes to effect the world over night. I think anything that happened would be relatively gradual but its one that very much can have impact on the long range future for our industry. 
Joanne Wuensch - BMO Capital Markets : And slightly closer to home, sales presence in Europe particularly with transcatheter heart valves, how has that changed in the last six months as the adoption of the product has increased. 
Michael Mussallem : I might finish the earlier question as well, I think you also asked about impact on Edwards, I feel even a little better about the impact on Edwards. Unfortunately is in a position where it makes products that are vital for patients and we expect those that that continue to be the case in the long run and maybe to have less, be less impacted by those, then those products that are more discretionary in nature.  In terms of the sales resources in Europe, those have increased. If you go back to 2008 we had almost exclusively clinical resources in Europe, clinical specialists that supported the cases and we began adding true business and sales leaders late last year and early this year and weve been gradually adding and weve been adding each quarter so its substantially larger today then it was in 2008. It will probably continue to add a little more until we reach 2010. Thanks very much for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone and with that Ill turn it back to you David. 
David Erickson: Thank you for joining us on todays call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items are included in todays press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at www.edwards.com. If you missed any portion of todays call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use account number 2995 and pass code 326352.  Finally an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations of our website.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Erickson  VP, IR Mike Mussallem  Chairman and CEO Tom Abate  CFO, Corporate VP, and Treasurer
Analysts: Amit Bhalla  Citigroup Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan Chase Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams David Lewis  Morgan Stanley Keay Nakae  Collins Stewart Tim Lee  Piper Jaffray Brooks West  Craig-Hallum Capital Spencer Nam  Summer Street Research Sara Michelmore  Cowen and Company Josh Zable  Natixis Bleichroeder Bruce Nudell  UBS Suraj Kalia  SMH Capital
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you. Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David Erickson: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our first quarter 2009 financial results. During our call today well focus our prepared remarks on information that complements the material included in the press release and financial schedules and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on todays call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Thomas Abate, CFO and Treasurer. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I would like to remind you that during todays call we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but arent limited to, sales, gross profit margin, expenses, net income, earnings per share, and free cash flow goals or expectations for 2009, the regulatory approval and sales of heart valve therapy products including Magna Ease and Magna Mitral Ease, the competitive dynamics of the heart valve market, the timing, progress, and results of clinical studies including the PARTNER trial, the continued adoption in Europe, and expected 2009 sales of the Edwards SAPIEN valve, expected sales and enhancements for the FloTrac system and the development of continuous blood glucose monitoring technology. These statements speak only as of the date on which they were  are made and we do not undertake any obligation to update them after the date they are made. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2008, and our other SEC filings, which are available on our website at edwards.com. With that, Ill turn the call to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Mike Mussallem: Thank you, David. We are pleased to report strong first quarter results, highlighted by robust heart valve sales, the achievement of important product development milestones, and P&L leverage, which drove strong bottom line performance. On a reported basis, total sales grew 5.6% to $313 million. Our total underlying sales growth was 11.5% for the quarter. And we made important progress on our US PARTNER trial and our new SAPIEN XT Transcatheter Heart Valve. While the impact on our results was modest, we felt the effects of the slower global economy this quarter, which was most pronounced in the US. More specifically, in critical care, although sales of disposable products did not seem to be impacted, the smaller hardware component of our business slowed. In surgical heart valves, we are experiencing a more deliberate process of new product adoption. Now, Ill shift to a more detailed of our product line sales and progress on our new products and then Tom will discuss the financial results. For the first quarter, reported sales for heart valve therapy increased to $170 million, which was negatively impacted by $5 million of foreign exchange. On an underlying basis, sales increased 20% for the quarter, lead by robust growth from our transcatheter heart valves and strong performance from our Magna platform. Turning to surgical heart valves, on a global basis we grew 8% in the quarter on an underlying basis, driven by our new products. We continue to take global surgical market share as we have over the past four quarters. In the US, we gained share in valves, which grew over 6% in the first quarter. Our strong valve performance helped to offset declines in repair that occurred because our Myxo and IMR rings were temporarily off the market. Outside the US, our surgical heart valve business continued to achieve double-digit underlying sales growth, driven by expanding adoption of our Magna heart valve platform. Our Magna Mitral sales in the US continues to ramp up, driving double-digit Mitral valve growth in the first quarter. This valve was uniquely designed for the mitral position combining clinically superior performance with ease-of-use benefits. Clinician feedback has been positive and we expect this valve to take share and continue to drive growth. In Japan, we are still on our first full year of sales of the Magna aortic valve. This valve continued to drive growth in the first quarter and is now the most implanted heart valve in Japan. Turning to the status of our Magna Ease aortic valve, last quarter we believe that we fully responded to the FDAs outstanding questions and continue to anticipate a US launch in the third quarter of this year pending regulatory approval. This valve has the potential for leadership in the largest segment of the surgical valve replacement market. In addition, we continue to expect the launch and enhancement to our Magna Mitral valve called Magna Mitral Ease in the second half of 2009 in both the US and Europe. The Magna Mitral Ease will extend the Magna platform by providing improved MIS capabilities and ease of implantation. Now turning to repair, growth in the quarter was flat on an underlying basis. During the first quarter, we launched the Physio II ring in both the US and Europe and are seeing nice growth. This new ring represents the next-generation repair products for degenerative mitral valve disease. This is the largest segment in repair and its also where weve experienced the most competitive activity. We expect this product to help reignite our growth and become the leading repair ring. In Japan, we received approval for the IMR ring and plan to launch this product during the second quarter. As previously discussed, last quarter we voluntarily suspended shipments and retrieved our Myxo and IMR rings from US customers as we awaited FDA clearance of our 510(k) submissions. The absence of these products negatively impacted sales by approximately $1 million. This month, we received FDA clearance for both rings and are in the process of returning them to customers. To summarize, our plans for 2009 call for surgical heart valve underlying growth of 7% to 9%, driven by three new product launches in the US and global share gains. We are executing on this plan and remain on track to achieve our goals. Turning to transcatheter heart valve sales, for the first quarter we achieved revenue of $24.6 million, driven primarily by sales in Europe with modest contributions from new markets and our US clinical trial. Our strong performance in Europe is being driven primarily by market expansion as an increasing number of patients previously untreated by surgery have benefited from this new technology. In Europe, there were over 850 valves implanted during the first quarter and our selling prices remained stable. While new centers do making stocking purchases, our sales continue to be driven primarily by implants. A key factor driving growth this quarter was deeper penetration into existing accounts, more so than the addition of new centers. In Europe, our presence continues to expand. During the quarter, more than 125 centers performed cases in approximately 20 countries. In addition, during the quarter we began transitioning sites to full independence, which means an Edwards representative is no longer required at cases. We are very pleased that acute procedural success rate continues to remain high at around 95% in our commercial sites. Based on our momentum, we now expect to exceed our goal of doubling the number of transcatheter heart valve procedures compared to 2008. For 2009, at current foreign exchange rates, we expect to exceed our previous sales guidance and achieve more than $100 million in transcatheter heart valve sales. Turning to the US PARTNER trial, to date we have enrolled over 850 patients in the PARTNER trial. Last month we announced that we completed enrollment in Cohort B, the 350-patient non-surgical arm of the trial. In addition, we received FDA clearance for continued access to Cohort B for all of our existing PARTNER sites under the same randomization scheme and protocol. With regard to Cohort A, we continue to expect enrollment in this surgical arm of the trial to be completed in August of this year. No other competitor has yet initiated a US clinical trial. We continue to be very excited about our next-generation transcatheter heart valve called the Edwards SAPIEN XT. Our XT valve is particularly well suited for transfemoral procedures offering a smaller profile and further leveraging our expertise in heart valves. We have enrolled more than 30 patients in our CE Mark PREVAIL trial and expect to complete enrollment in the second quarter, leading to European approval in the first quarter of 2010. With regard to SAPIEN XT in the US, the FDA has recently clarified that it expects all companies to submit full and complete preclinical testing prior to starting any IDE trial. We are aggressively working to meet these requirements and hope to gain an IDE to begin a clinical trial before year-end. Last quarter, we received CE Mark approval for our new RetroFlex 3 Transfemoral delivery system, which simplifies delivery of the SAPIEN valve. We continue to roll out this product out across our commercial sites and are receiving very positive feedback from clinicians. In addition, weve received IDE approval to use RetroFlex 3 in our US PARTNER trial. We plan to begin converting sites as they gain IRB approval. We continue to make progress on our 30-patient US feasibility trial of the SAPIEN Valve in the pulmonic position. To date, weve enrolled 11 patients in the trial and while this is somewhat slower than we originally anticipated, we expect this rate to increase as sites work through securing IRB approvals. We now expect to complete enrollment by the end of the second quarter and then transition to a larger humanitarian device exemption trial. As we announced last month, a German Court determined the Edwards SAPIEN valve does not infringe on the Cook transcatheter valve patent. We are scheduled for the US Cook trial this quarter and separately, we have the US CoreValve trial scheduled for early 2010. That was the UK Cook trial thats planned for this quarter. We believe Edwards has the strongest transcatheter valve patent portfolio and are investing to broaden its reach. We are committed to leading in the transcatheter valve space and enforcing our IP as an important element of our broad leadership strategy. At the upcoming Europe PCR Meeting, there will be several presentations featuring a number of innovations  a number of our innovative technologies including a case featuring SAPIEN XT. In addition, we expect to provide updates on our source commercial registry, which has accumulated a large number of patients and one-year follow-up on our PARTNER EU study. Lastly, we are planning to host an informal analyst reception during the week and details will be available soon. Now, turning to critical care. For the first quarter, critical care reported $105 million in sales, which included a $3 million negative impact from foreign exchange. Underlying sales growth was up 1.7%. Sales of new products, which included FloTrac, PreSep, and PediaSat, continued to grow strongly this quarter. Offsetting their performance was negative growth in hardware sales of approximately $3 million, which can be attributed primarily to constraints on capital spending in US hospitals. Continuing supplier issues with our hemofiltration solutions provider also impacted results. FloTrac continues to be a very strong performer and we remain on track to achieve growth of 40% for the year as we continue to expand the market. To date, FloTracs success has been primarily focused on expanding our monitoring presence in the high-risk surgical environment. During the first quarter, we launched a third generation algorithm for FloTrac that enhances its accuracy when used in patients with sepsis and other critical illnesses. Results from the first multi-center validation study were recently presented at the International Symposium on Intensive Care and Emergency Medicine. They showed that the software was accurate when used on patients with sepsis even in the presence of very low peripheral vascular resistance. And at the end of the third quarter, we expect the launch of a substantial upgrade that will strengthen FloTracs applicability in the medical ICU, enabling more patients to receive enhanced monitoring. This upgrade will be integrated into our FloTrac system and its based on the intellectual property we purchased last year. Also at the end of the third quarter, we plan on launching a new hardware platform that will provide a simpler, more intuitive informational display and ultimately consolidate all our parameters into one platform. In hemofiltration, our solutions provider continues to struggle to meet demand and has limited our sales. We now anticipate improvement in the second half of the year as we continue to work through the issue. Also in the quarter, we voluntarily retrieved specific lots of Swan-Ganz catheters, manufactured on one of our production lines. When using the effective catheters, one parameter was not displayed on our monitors. There were no patient safety incidents associated with this issue, we responded aggressively and have already replaced the effective units. In the fourth quarter, we announced a partnership with DexCom to develop products for hospital-based continuous blood glucose monitoring. This remains  there remains substantial clinical interest in glycemic control for improving outcomes for critically ill patients. The recent NICE SUGAR study highlighted the continuing need to further define appropriate target glycemic levels in critically ill patients. In assessing this study, key opinion leaders continue to express the need for accurate and continuous glucose measurement. If our clinical studies over the next two quarters demonstrate successful performance, we plan to seek regulatory approval and start our first-generation product and launch and our first-generation product in Europe before year-end. Glycemic control represents an exciting new opportunity to fill an unmet need and accelerate our longer-term critical care growth rate. In summary, while critical care had a challenging first quarter, we expect new product introductions to elevate our growth during the remainder of the year and we remain committed to achieving our annual underlying growth target of 6% to 9%. Turning to cardiac surgery systems, reported sales for the quarter increased to $22 million, which grew 8.8% on an underlying basis. MIS disposables continued to grow by more than 20% in the quarter. This growth was partially offset by slower sales from reusable instruments. For a perspective, our reusable instruments represented only about $2 million of our 2008 sales. Our base cannula products grew 3% excluding foreign exchange. In June, we plan to launch our EndoDirect Arterial Cannula system, which provides cardiac surgeons with an additional minimally invasive alternative when femoral access is not an option. At this years STS meeting, we unveiled new programs designed to provide training and customer support to our surgeons and their OR teams, and these programs are very well received. Due to the strong interest in MIS procedures, we continue to invest in professional education and remain confident in achieving our full-year underlying goal of 9% to 11% growth. Total reported sales of vascular products were $16 million this quarter. Reported sales declined due to lower sales of the divested LifeStent products. Sales of our market-leading Fogarty-based vascular products remained relatively constant versus the prior year at approximately $13 million. In the first quarter, we received a milestone payment associated with PMA approval of LifeStent, and remain on track to complete the final step of this transaction mid-year. Also during the quarter, we sold our European distribution rights for a specialty vascular graft. Sales of that product in 2008 were approximately $3 million. Now, Ill turn the call over to Tom.
Tom Abate: Thank you, Mike. In addition to the strong sales performance that Mike has discussed, we achieved non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.70, a 25% increase versus prior year, driven primarily by a strong gross profit margin expansion. This EPS improvement was achieved at the same time that we increased our R&D investments by 21% in the quarter. For the quarter, our gross profit margin was 69.1% compared to 65.3% in the same period last year. This quarters 380 basis point improvement was due to product mix and favorable FX hedge outcomes, which were partially offset by critical care manufacturing variations. Based on the strong performance, we have increased confidence in achieving our full-year gross profit margin guidance of 68% to 70%. The first quarter SG&A expenses were $122 million or 38.9% of sales, an increase of $7.3 million over the prior year. Increased expense for the SAPIEN valve program in Europe and sales and marketing expenses in both heart valve therapy and critical care drove the increase. This was partially offset by foreign exchange. For the full year 2009, we continue to expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to be between 37% and 39%. R&D investments in the quarter were $40 million or 12.7% of sales compared to $33 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily a result of additional investments in our transcatheter heart valve and glucose programs. For the full year 2009, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 13% and 13.5%. During the quarter, we recorded three special items that resulted in a pretax gain of $30.8 million. The largest item was the receipt of a $27 million milestone payment associated with the LifeStent PMA approval. Additionally, we recognized a $2.8 million gain associated with the sale of our European distribution rights for a specialty vascular graft and a $1 million gain associated with the completion of our Lifepath AAA clinical obligations. For the first quarter, our reported tax rate was 28.8%. Excluding special items, this rate was 24.4%. For the full year 2009, we continue to expect our rate to be approximately 24% excluding special items. When compared to the same quarter last year, FX rates negatively impacted first quarter reported sales by approximately $10 million. At current foreign exchange rates, we now anticipate an approximately $60 million negative impact on 2009 sales, which is $15 million higher than the last quarters guidance. Free cash flow generated during the first quarter was a negative $8 million, which we define as adjusted cash flow from operating activities of $3 million less capital spending of $11 million. Consistent with our practice, this adjusted cash flow differs from reported cash flow of negative $36 million due to the exclusion of the $39 million impact of terminating our Japan securitization program. The $8 million negative free cash flow was caused primarily by compensation payments associated with our strong 2008 performance. For 2009, we continue to expect free cash flow to be $160 million to $170 million excluding the impact of special items. During the first quarter, we repurchased 463,000 shares of common stock for approximately $27 million. Turing to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with a net cash position of $24 million. Total cash of $147 million exceeded our total debt of $123 million. Our day sales outstanding at the end of the quarter was 68 days, consistent with the prior quarter. Inventory turns were 2.7, a slight improvement over the prior quarter. Turning to our 2009 sales guidance, we continue to expect strong underlying sales growth. The improved outlook for our transcatheter heart valve sales is being offset primarily by an approximate $15 million adverse effect from foreign exchange. We continue to project total sales to be at the upper end of our full-year guidance of $1.24 billion to $1.3 billion, representing a 10% to 12% underlying growth. For heart valve therapy, we are increasing sales guidance by $20 million to $660 million to $690 million. In critical care, we now expect sales at the lower end of our prior guidance of $455 million $475 million. In cardiac surgery systems, we continue to expect sales of $90 million to $100 million, and in vascular, we continue to expect sales between $50 million and $60 million. For the second quarter 2009, we project total sales of $315 million to $335 million. And excluding special items, we estimate that second quarter diluted EPS will be between $0.73 and $0.77. For full year 2009, we are raising the low end of our guidance for diluted EPS by $0.02 to $2.95 to $3.03 and we remain comfortable with our goal of growing EPS by 15% to 19%. With that, Ill turn it back over to Mike.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. Overall, 2009 is off to a great start. In heart valves, our transcatheter technology continues to build momentum and we are gaining share in surgical valves. In critical care, we expect several upcoming product introductions later this year to elevate our growth and we continue to anticipate the achievement of important milestones that will bring innovative products to more patients. We look forward to sharing our continued progress with you. And with that, Ill turn it back over to David.
David Erickson: In order to allow everyone a chance to participate, we ask that you please limit the number of questions. If you have additional questions, please re-enter the queue and well answer as many as we can during the remainder of the call. Operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions). Our first question is coming from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup. Please state your question.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Hi, good afternoon. I had a couple of quick questions to start on SAPIEN in Europe. Can you give us kind of a mix in share between transfemoral and transapical in the quarter? And to go a little bit deeper into your comments that your growth in the quarter was deeper penetration in existing accounts, maybe you could quantify that, maybe this quarter versus last? Start there.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, Amit, Id be happy to. It was much the same, the mix of transapical and transfemoral was much the same as it has been in past quarters, running about two to one transapical to transfemoral. In terms of what we mean by increased penetration, we track the number of procedures per month that each account does. So, for example, how many are doing three procedures a month, four procedures a month, on up to eight procedures a month and so forth. And if we track that data, we are seeing that the accounts are just doing more cases. And so thats why we are saying  a good part of this growth is coming from single accounts that are growing larger and less attributed to new accounts. We still added new accounts as you noticed in the quarter, but the penetration is the biggest driver.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Mike, can you  you didnt answer the question on share and I think last quarter you said you felt like you were getting a turn in transfemoral share upwards. So, address that one and then two other quick ones, Germany, reimbursement update there and SAPIEN XT. You did say full preclinical testing is required. Why is that a change?
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Yes, lets see if I can get these both, Amit. When you are talking share, then obviously we need to know if you are talking about competitive share, we need to know what that is. What I meant to say is, of our sales, about two-thirds of our sales were transapical, one-third transfemoral. Were you asking about share versus competitors? And if so, that one is a little tougher to discern. We know its going to be reported, we are hoping its going to be reported publicly. Now, their quarters are a little different than ours, but we continue to think that its  we have a similar amount of share as the competitor in Europe. Now, its a little different mix because we have all the transapical share, but transfemoral, I dont know, it might be running three to one, something like that, Amit. If that answers that question?
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Yes.
Mike Mussallem: And then Ill answer the next one and then well ask you to get back in the queue just to be fair to the others.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Okay.
Mike Mussallem: On the  or on what FDA is expecting, it was  its been a little bit more vague in the past. They  it seems as though they came out and very specifically clarified that they want full preclinical testing complete before you start an IDE study. In the past that might have been possible to have most of your preclinical testing and you get a conditional approval once you complete the testing later. That no longer appears to be the case. Weve already been proceeding very aggressively down that path and we are so hopeful to get an IDE approval before the end of the year, but it seemed like the bar went up for everybody just recently.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Okay. Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Glenn Novarro with RBC Capital. Please state your question.
Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital: Hi, thanks guys. A couple of things. Can you  I was jumping between calls, did you talk anything about  talk about the SAPIEN pricing in the quarter? Thats question one and then also on the reimbursement side, Amit just asked about Germany, but can you tell us about reimbursement in specific countries in the quarter? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks, Glenn. What we reported is that pricing was favorable this quarter, really no big changes. We see a little bit of mix based on country mix, but pricing really is very consistent. In terms of reimbursement, there is really nothing thats changed substantially there. We still expect the major countries to be in place here over the next couple of years with the first of the substantial countries coming on before the end of this year. So, we are still operating without formal reimbursement in place, but are making good progress down that path.
Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital: Okay. And Ill just ask one quick follow-up. Im just curious, does Medtronic buying core valve, what does that do to the overall market? Does it expand the market? Can it be some dislocation in the business in the near term that you can pick up share? Just your thoughts there and Ill get back into queue.
Mike Mussallem: Well, Ill report on the first quarter. Im not sure that we saw much difference in Q1, Glenn. It remains to be seen what will happen in the future. We know that Medtronic has a history of developing markets and so, we look forward to their help on that one, but Im not sure that I have much more than that.
Glenn Novarro  RBC Capital: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Weinstein with JPMorgan Chase. Please state your question.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan Chase: Thanks for taking the questions. A couple of follow-ups. First on the number of the centers, youve gone from I think it was about 50 centers in the third  sort of the third quarter to now, nine months late or less, 125 centers. Talk about the training requirements for each center. Is that different in any of the geographies, I mean in Europe versus say Middle East or elsewhere? And then the second question is if we think about the XT pathway in the US, can you give us any sense on the size of the trial, the design of the trial, and how much follow-ups youll need? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. First of all, in terms of training, yes, I dont recall exactly where we were in the third. In the fourth quarter, I think we said we had 100 sites that implanted and this first quarter, we set 125 plants  sites that implanted. So, you can see there was growth, we probably trained 20 plus centers again this first quarter. In terms of training requirements, they are very much the same, Mike, as we have seen right along the path. So, really no difference there. When we go internationally, we obviously try and be efficient with our time and so, make sure that they are committed, that they have a partner team in place, that they are committed to buying valves, and have procedural success at the top of our mind. But again this quarter, those centers were a very small part of the additional growth. In terms of XT and the US PARTNER trial, we really dont have anything to report because we dont have IDE approved and really dont have the substantial discussions that are already complete that allows us to really provide any guidance.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan Chase: Okay. And then, just one follow-up if I could. On the sales you lost on the ring side of the valve business this quarter, do you expect to recapture that in the second and/or second and third quarter? Might there be a bolus [ph] demand in the quarter to come?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. You might recall what happened in the fourth quarter, Mike. So, there was about $5 million worth of product that was withdrawn from the marketplace in the fourth quarter. And in our reported results that was reflected and  but we sort of treated it as pro forma because we believe that would all go back. And so we excluded it from our pro forma results. In the second quarter, that whole thing should probably reverse. So, reported results will show those sales coming back, probably a similar number, $5 million. But on a pro forma basis, well exclude that top line or bottom.
Tom Abate: Right. Our EPS guidance excludes any impact from that this year, actually both years.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan Chase: So, that $5 million will be called out in the second quarter?
Tom Abate: Right, absolutely, absolutely. All the way through the P&L.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan Chase: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Kristen Stewart with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks for taking my call. Tom, I was wondering if you can just go over the gross margin just on a year-to-year basis, just how much of that was foreign exchange and to what degree did that flow through to the bottom line.
Tom Abate: Sure. Let me say that we are very pleased with the step-up this quarter; its pretty much on track to what we were guiding to. If you remember, we said 68% to 70%, this quarter came in right on 69%. Now, the mix between foreign exchange and mix and some of the things, the components, are going to change over the course of the year. So, foreign exchange rate now is at the higher end of what we talked about when we set guidance. I think I said about 150 basis points. Right now, its probably close to the 250 basis points and that will ramp down over the course of the year. What we do have thats also temporary in nature is the fact that the manufacturing variations we experienced related to the critical care activities were somewhat of an offset. Those two are pretty much offsetting and Id say the underlying product mix continues to be, if anything, slightly favorable to what we expected in the quarter. So, the picture gives us more confidence than we even had at the beginning of the year that that range is achievable.
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: And so critical care is a negative 250, basically offsetting ?
Tom Abate: And thats a full 250, Kristen, more like 200 basis points going the other way.
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess just on the earnings impact, was there anything more on the positive or negative side? Does that flow through the P&L?
Tom Abate: For the change, the $15 million?
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: Yes. No, just  yes, I guess with your guidance.
Tom Abate: Okay, good question. We continue to be pretty fortunate with the structure, our hedge agreements and so forth. Therefore, the $15 million had put a little pressure, but not much on the bottom line. So, we continue to be very happy with the hedge agreements that we have in place this year.
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: Okay. And then I guess, Mike, just on the number of centers, clearly youve been ramping up quite quickly across Europe and other regions. Where do you still expect this year to finish out? I think before you were talking maybe 75 to 100 centers. Is that still something that you are comfortable with or could we see even more?
Mike Mussallem: I suppose thats a believable number. We are less focused on centers and although we added them again in the first quarter, Im not sure thats going to be as big a driving factor as what we started to see in the first quarter, which was increased penetration. So I think, just keeping score on centers is probably not the only indicator. What we are pleased about is we feel confident at this point that we are in a very good position to double the number of procedures versus 2008.
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: Okay. Thanks, Ill get back in queue.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Larry Biegelsen with Wachovia Securities. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities: Hi, and thanks for taking my question. On the continued access program, could you talk a little bit more about how that works, you mentioned its still randomized, just the mechanics of that, any revenues that you expect to book and will just pause there.
Mike Mussallem: Yes. What was  what you should think of is that the same randomization scheme and protocol that has been in place in the past is going to continue to be in place in the future, so because we fully enroll the other  not going to be different decision-making that will take place on the part of clinicians, they will continue to place patients the way they have in the past. Does that help Larry  did you follow that?
Tom Abate: Its mainly about keeping the technology available for patients in the interim of keeping the clinical skills up to the highest standard.
Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities: How is the data going to be used? Are there limitations to the number of patients you can enroll? And are you going to book revenue from that?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. I believe that what happens Larry is that were going to take the data from the first 350 patients and thats whats going to be rolled up and used for the clinical analysis, but what it does is that it maintains this equilibrium that we have right now so that as we continue to enroll the Cohort A, you have the same dynamics that you had in the first part of the trial.
Tom Abate: And the revenue, Larry, is very negligible.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, that  it continues to be small, thats maybe a million a quarter kind of a contribution.
Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities: Is there a limitation on how many patients you can enroll in the continued access program?
Mike Mussallem: What they have done is limited it to existing sites. So, yes, there  its limited from that perspective and  there may be a limitation on the number of patients as well, but  do you have anything else Larry because to be fair 
Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities: Thanks, Ill get back in the queue.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jason Mills with Canaccord Adams. Please state your question.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams: Hi, Mike, thanks for taking the question. First question is on the other 95% of your business, surgical heart valves seem to  the growth seemed to tick up a bit from what weve been seeing, some of your revenue ticked up from the fourth quarter, may be spend a minute and give us a color on what you are seeing and whether anything has changed in the domestic landscape for surgical heart valves as well as the international landscape and anything you are seeing from a competitive standpoint that may be impacting you or if you are just simply seeing share gain vis--vis or new product launches.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks for the question, Jason. We look forward to talking about that. That is a pretty big piece of our business. Yes, as we mentioned, surgical heart valves grew 8% in the quarter in which we continue to see really strong growth, so double digit internationally and Japan really help drive that growth. Its still first year of Magna there and it really contributed. And then the US, we grew over 6% and really part of what you are seeing there is really strong performance in the US on the mitral side, so the new Magna mitral valve that was just introduced I guess six months ago now is gaining momentum and gaining share. And so thats driving  a matter of fact, US would have been even stronger if it wasnt for this repair thing that caused us some sales because Myxo and IMR were out of the market. Competitively I can tell you that we are seeing much different dynamics than we have seen over the past year, I suppose the competitive launches are getting a little older than they were at that time, but we are probably the ones with the newest products in the market place at this point Jason.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams: Just as an half sheet to your comment about strong mitral  Magna mitral performance, could we possibly might be seeing degradation in repair growth as we see the actual valve replacement performance tick up in the Magna mitral game traction?
Mike Mussallem: I dont think so, Jason. I dont think thats whats going on  there might be something just on the margin, but I think in general, what we saw in the repair side was just a reflection of the fact that we were out with mix on IMR and a matter of fact, there is a lot of excitement about Physio II. So we expect that we only had a very small amount, less than $1 million for the sales in the quarter from Physio II, but we really expect that to pick up and start to drive some repair growth going forward.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams: Okay. And then two quick follow-ups back on  say I will be back in queue. The 850 implants you reported this quarter, does that compare apples-to-apples versus the 650 implants you reported last quarter? So was that about the third? And secondly, the new synergy you added while new center adds you say wont be the biggest contributor to your growth going forward. Wondering if you could give us some color on the profile of those new centers. I think you said last quarter, you are not  while you may be getting into smaller centers, you dont necessarily expect the mix in terms of utilization to be impacted significantly implying that you expect to do pretty good volume at the near centers albeit smaller ones, and I will get back in queue, thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Sure. To your first question, yes, it is apples-to-apples. So the  if the 850 compares to the  I think we reported the exact same thing last quarter, which was a number of valves implanted, so thats an apples-to-apples comparison. In terms of new centers, its the same profile, its the same kind of thing that we expect out of them. In general, yes, they are smaller sites than the first centers that we put in there, and so particularly the ones in Europe and as we say were in 20 countries at this point, when we go outside of Europe, this is some pretty big centers that end up getting added net, net I would say the profile probably stays somewhere.
Tom Abate: Its also a bit of what we talked about greater penetration in the overall base of centers, so its not necessary that these centers are as large, but we also have that contributing to the overall utilization.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams: Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is coming from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon. Mike, you mentioned the percent of hospitals that have gone independent, can you can give me that percentage this quarter, where you expect it to be by year-end? And then secondarily, presumably you free up reps as hospitals become sort of independent, where do we redeploy those reps going forward?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, so right now, I guess we would say that probably more than 10% of the cases are done at hospitals that are independent at this point. So we are still at the pretty early stages of that and its rolling out. In terms of  were going to continue to add new sites, I dont know exactly where its going to end up, to tell you the truth, David, we are going to continue to work on this pretty aggressively. What it does for us is, rather these tend to be clinical specialists and so rather than the clinical specialists have to be in every case, it means they can be redeployed to new centers and help the new centers either come up on new technology or start from scratch. So it really allows us to get some leverage and drive some capabilities.
Tom Abate: Instead of scheduling the advantage for those centers that are independent so that they dont have to wait for a clinical specialist in order to schedule cases, so I mean thats one of 
Mike Mussallem: Yes, I think  I think thats a good point. I think just to build on that point that Tom made, you can picture if you are a center rather than wait for the Edwards representative to come, which normally we are standing by, but its helpful if they dont have to factor that in when they want to do a case.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Mike, that number could be 25% by the end of the year, but is unlikely to be much higher than that?
Mike Mussallem:
 :
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then two more questions here, first is obviously on pacing. One of your competitors has obviously reported for a couple of years  obviously has increased pacing upon implant, but that seems to be sort of in a relevant issue from a marketing and commercialization standpoint in Europe, I wonder if you could comment on that particular issue and whether you think its clinically relevant and whether you think the FDA would think is clinically relevant?
Mike Mussallem: We dont think its an irrelevant factor, a matter of fact, we think its something that people will pay attention to, it will be interesting to see what people report at PCR, I think that should be a good place for people to be able to see the landscape and see what the CoreValve product is doing and the safety and products is doing, so we are pretty pleased with how its going on our side right now.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Okay and just lastly Mike, I want to clarify your comments on NICE SUGAR, at least from our perception it was not a particularly positive result, so maybe just clarify your comments, do you think that NICE SUGAR has no impact on the commercialization of your product over the next six to 12 months or is likely to have some impact?
Mike Mussallem: To answer at a very high level, its likely to have some impact, but its difficult to sort of take it on its surface. So what it says is, with say todays or yesterdays technology, if you start going low with your target, you run the risk here of getting into a dangerous zone and so there is not a lot of upside for doing it. What it does is that, if you have the ability to continuously control glucose and nowhere you were from a tight perspective, you can feel more comfortable coming down. And so there is the desire that we hear even in the face of that is very strong for continuous monitoring and we expect that patients are going to improve more quickly because of it, but we probably are going to have a little bit more explaining it to along the way.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Keay Nakae with Collins Stewart. Please state your question.
Keay Nakae  Collins Stewart: Yes, good afternoon. Mike, with your comments regarding FloTrac and the product improvements in the second half of the year, how married to the hip is the hardware upgrade with the software algorithm? Can you be successful with one without the other especially if the capital equipment environment remains problematic?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks Keay. Yes, really they are not connected. We are able to upgrade the software actually just by using the thumb drive and being able to download the software into existing monitors, and so our plan is to be able to do that. Separate from that though we have this new hardware platform, which we think could be a very nice upgrade for both, so they are additive. The other thing that we are going to have later on the year obviously is a new medical ICU parameters and that will require the hardware increase and so if there is no connection on the third generation FloTrac, there is a connection on the MICU parameters.
Keay Nakae  Collins Stewart: Which do you expect to be impactful, the algorithm or the hardware?
Mike Mussallem: We expect the algorithm to be more impactful.
Keay Nakae  Collins Stewart: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tim Lee with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Tim Lee  Piper Jaffray: Hi guys, good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. Just in terms of the SAPIEN outlook here I mean from 90 days here to today, now you are looking for a sales north of $100 million, I mean is the thinking that  is the market getting bigger than we thought 90 days ago or did you get picking up more share from the competition?
Mike Mussallem: No, its  we clearly believe that the market is getting bigger. Its expanding  we just think that what happens is as this technology is now in its second year, you have more physicians and more patients that are aware of it, youve got referral patterns that are better developed and you have more people coming in. I would say share gain would be a bonus to that.
Tim Lee  Piper Jaffray: And we often tend to think of Europe as one country, but I mean is there any specific areas within Europe, any certain geographies that are going faster than the average?
Mike Mussallem:
 :
Tim Lee  Piper Jaffray: Okay. If I could just slip one more critical care question, and you talked about the  some capital budget constraints impacting hardware sales, are you still seeing that trend here in Q2 and any sense of when we could see that alleviate? Thank you.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, its not obvious to us when it will alleviate. One of the things that we have done is to introduce some more flexible options for our customers that will help them overcome some of this sales objection and our sales people are optimistic that this will have some impact on this and so we would hope to start seeing some results of that in the second quarter, but its not clear exactly the hospitals are changing behavior yet.
Tim Lee  Piper Jaffray: Okay, thank you very much.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Brooks West with Craig-Hallum Capital. Please state your question.
Brooks West  Craig-Hallum Capital: Hi guys, thank you for taking the question. Quick pricing question, Mike and Tom, specifically on the surgical valves and critical care, are you seeing greater than normal pricing pressure there and I guess I would focus that even more on the US market?
Mike Mussallem: For the main business, no, we are not seeing significant change with delivery.
Brooks West  Craig-Hallum Capital: Okay. And then, with the softness in the critical care business that you have described, I guess following on Tims question, do you feel like we have seen a bottom in Q1 and then looking at the guidance, how backend loaded is your guidance for the year there?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, while the short answer is yes, we do think that this growth rate is by far the lowest that we would expect for the rest of the year. When we say we expect to put up 6% to 9% growth underlying for the rest of the year, that means its going to step up and you will see it in Q2, but we think it will actually be even stronger yet in Q3 and four.
Brooks West  Craig-Hallum Capital: Great. Thanks guys and a nice quarter in this environment.
Mike Mussallem: Well, thanks very much Brooks.
Tom Abate: Thanks, Brooks.
Operator: The next question is coming from Spencer Nam with Summer Street Research. Please state your question.
Spencer Nam  Summer Street Research: Thanks for taking my questions. Just have a couple of quick questions. With the new outlook on SAPIEN Europe revenues, is that including expectations that there will be some changes in reimbursement environment in Q4 of this year or how does reimbursement in Europe at least in one of the countries affect your outlook here?
Mike Mussallem: Its probably not a big factor. We had an assumption that one of the major countries would get approval before the end of the year and we continue to see it that way, but I dont know that that in itself is going to really change the growth curve on this and so I think its pretty independent of  at least based on what we have seen so far, Spencer, I think its pretty independent of whats going to happen there.
Spencer Nam  Summer Street Research: Great. And then second question is, with the CoreValve being acquired by Medtronic, do you guys see any change or potential slowdown? Was there any sort of positive impact on SAPIEN sales throughout the European countries because as CoreValve was going through some transition maybe that you hadnt more opportunities to being involved with physicians out there.
Mike Mussallem: Well, yes, thanks Spencer. We are obviously looking for opportunities to do anything that to be more aggressive, but I cant tell you that weve really seen any change at this point in time, right.
Spencer Nam  Summer Street Research:
 :
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sara Michelmore with Cowen and Company. Please state your question.
Sara Michelmore  Cowen and Company: Yes, thank you. Tom, thanks for the detail on the gross margin, I did just want to clarify the manufacturing variances. Does it totally go away in Q2 or does it just moderate over the course of the year?
Tom Abate: There will be a piece in Q2, but then we are hoping that its over after that.
Sara Michelmore  Cowen and Company: Okay. So in terms of the gross margin dynamics, on the positive for Q2, we will have mix benefit from FX, but probably more moderate than this quarter and then again a more moderate negative thing on equipment manufacturing variances.
Tom Abate: Exactly.
Sara Michelmore  Cowen and Company: Okay. And Mike, just wanted to ask you a product development question, I know that SAPIEN XT is really optimized for the transfemoral position. Can you just give us an update in terms of next generation transapical products? Are you working on products that are specifically designed for that approach? Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, thanks for  I appreciate that, the short answer is, yes. The SAPIEN XT itself actually is going to be used in the transapical position and we are excited about using it there. What it will get is its own unique delivery system, so weve got next generation delivery systems coming for transapical as well as some enabling accessories, so the low profile actually does help transapical and the accessories we think are going to make that procedure even better than it has been in the past.
Sara Michelmore  Cowen and Company: Okay. And are there specific enhancements for the delivery for that product in the transapical position?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, I would mention that weve really laid those out in detail. In general, its around ease of use. There is  its still a skill set for people to learn and what weve liked to do is to make it accessible for more surgeons.
Sara Michelmore  Cowen and Company: Okay, understood, thank you. And this question, big picture I know that the new products are really the main growth driver for the traditional surgical valve business, but Mike you talked about previously that transcatheter could have just a beneficial impact on referral volumes and things like that, so that it could be a positive kind of undergrowth for that transcatheter surgical valve business. Just wondering what your latest thoughts were there and if thats starting to play out for you at all. Thanks.
Mike Mussallem: Yes, we continue to be believers that this  the fact that there is a transcatheter option in place is going to bring patients of the sidelines and in Europe, there are several examples where exactly that is taking place, where more patients come in and therefore, the surgical volumes go up. I cant tell you that if you look at our overall surgical growth rate in Europe that weve really seen that step up. It seems as though its similar to what we were expecting and what weve been experiencing over the last couple of years, but that might be that we are still at the early stages.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Josh Zable with Natixis Bleichroeder. Please state your question.
Josh Zable  Natixis Bleichroeder: Hey guys, congrats and a great quarter here and thanks for taking my question.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Josh.
Tom Abate: Thanks, Josh.
Josh Zable  Natixis Bleichroeder: Most of them have been answered, but I just got a couple of quickies here, just Magna Ease, I know you commented 3Q approval, you still seem to echo that or reiterate that I should say, launch 3Q or 4Q, do you have any color into that? I think last time you said, still hoping for 3Q, does that seem reasonable still?  
Mike Mussallem: We have  we can never predict the FDA, so thats my disclaimer write off the top, but we would think we really do understand what theyre interested in. We think we have fully answered all their outstanding question, so we think we are in pretty good chance to actually get a launch  a good hard launch in the third quarter, so thats our plan.
Josh Zable  Natixis Bleichroeder: Great. And then Tom, just some balance sheet cash flow questions. You paid down some debt here, a lot of debt obviously in the second quarter in a row, just to give us some idea kind of thinking going forward, is this kind of you guys plan to serve aggressively, pay down debt for the rest of the year or just kind of as the cash comes in?
Tom Abate: Thats a good question Josh. No, its not a major initiative for us, but we were able to do it successfully, get cash by a couple of techniques into the US where the debt has  where the debt sits. If you remember last quarter and this quarter, we actually have more cash on hand than debt. So any debt thats remaining at this point in time is just an issue of where the cash is isolated in a different region and where the debt exists. So we look at it as we are all ready positive in the sense that cash exceeds debt, and from this point on, it will be just opportunities to move it around.
Josh Zable  Natixis Bleichroeder: Great. And then just to follow-up, receivables went up a lot, I know you made some comments about DSOs, could you just give us a little bit of color there?
Tom Abate: Good question. The DSOs were essentially flat. The difference in the receivables is  was the impact of reversing the securitization of some Japan receivables. The number should be around 39 million I said I am not sure thats exactly what shows up in the balance. But somewhere in the area of $40 million difference is due to the fact that we previously securitized them and that program was terminated, so those receivables are back in our book.
Josh Zable  Natixis Bleichroeder: Great. Thanks for answering my question, congrats again guys.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Tom Abate: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Bruce Nudell with UBS. Please state your question.
Bruce Nudell  UBS: Well, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. The first is we scale a US aortic unit, surgical opportunity, around 75,000 valves, what is the equivalent  whats the size of the units opportunity for surgical valves in what you deem to be in Europe?
Mike Mussallem: I am going to make sure that I understand that, do you mean, how fast can surgical valves grow in Europe?
Bruce Nudell  UBS: No, no, no. How many units  how many surgical  aortic surgical replacements are there in Europe?
Mike Mussallem: I think its about the same. I want to say its about the same number.
Bruce Nudell  UBS: 75,000. And of the  you have 1700 percutaneous valves run rate per quarter across all vendors in Europe right now, what percent of those would you guess are targeted towards surgically ineligible patients?
Mike Mussallem: So say  could you say that one more time please.
Bruce Nudell  UBS: So of the  you had 850 valves in Europe, your valve had about the same according to what you just said, so its like 1700 units. What percent of those are going into surgically ineligible patients?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, I think that what we saw in the first quarter continues to be what weve seen in the past, which is these kind of patients that are  I think averaged around low 80s in terms of their age. The  I think 82 years old, I think the majority of the cases are high-risk and non-operable, so they are not just non-operable they are also high-risk for surgery. And so thats the indication that we have from the CE Mark perspective and I cant tell you what the mix is between those two because I dont know, but maybe  there will be some reports at PCR when people break that out.
Bruce Nudell  UBS: Thanks so much.
Mike Mussallem: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Suraj Kalia with SMH Capital. Please state your question.
Suraj Kalia  SMH Capital: Mike, well, congratulations on the nice quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks, Suraj.
Suraj Kalia  SMH Capital: I know you guys are worn out with all of the badgering questions, so Ill just keep it simple. Michael, in terms of vascular closure is that  just given the size of the SAPIEN, do you all see competitively it affecting you all in Europe, not the US for now, but competitively in Europe, do you all see the size of the SAPIEN XT core valve and any others affecting you all?
Mike Mussallem: Yes. What  I expect actually is that the competitive landscape is going to change, so if SAPIEN were to be the valve that was out there on a long-term basis, I would say vascular closure would be an issue, and we are actually  more broadly vascular access because its a bigger unit. But with SAPIEN XT, whats going to happen is the devices are going to be very similar in size and I dont expect vascular access and vascular closure to be very much of an issue, particularly when you consider that people might have an opportunity to access what we believe is a superior valve.
Suraj Kalia  SMH Capital: And finally, Michael, if I come to a physician lets say in Germany and how is the decision metrics made for  lets say I am deemed high-risk inoperable, how it is deemed between transfemoral and transapial? How is that decision matrix algorithms being made?
Mike Mussallem: Yes, the  what happens is the and what our desire to approach is, and we think it works pretty well this way across most centers is that the physician get together and this is both cardiac surgeons and interventional cardiologists. They review the patient, talk about the options and make a decision based on what they think is the best therapy to offer, and thats the whole idea behind the PARTNER concept. Weve tried to help encourage that and teach that and we think that based on the feedback that we get, the physicians really believed in that approach.
Tom Abate: While  there are a lot of patient attributes maybe vascular access is one of the things that they definitely look at and try to evaluate what the option is best for that patient given their comorbidities and so forth. Does that answer your question?
Suraj Kalia  SMH Capital: Yes, gentlemen. Great quarter.
Mike Mussallem: Thanks.
Tom Abate: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Weinstein with JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan Chase: Thanks. I dont know Id be able to come back in queue. Just one very easy question. FX was only 3.4% headwind for you guys and I guess weve have struggled about how to model it, because you do have about 56% of your sales I guess outside of the US and so when you look at comparable companies, they are coming more in the range of 6%, 7% invest this quarter. Maybe help us just understand why there isnt a bigger FX than the one what you saw before.
Mike Mussallem: Mike, the numbers I have  I have reported growth, I think its 5.6%, correct? Yes, and underlying is 11.5%. So, isnt that the way you would measure it?
Tom Abate: Yes, but I think what Mike is doing is of course discontinued is part of it, he just took the FX. But you have to remember we have both Japan and Europe in this equation and weve got some pretty substantial Japan sales, maybe more Japan sales than most companies would have in terms of percentage of their total and thats probably helped to offset it.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan Chase: And how do you calculate the FX impact quarter end average over the course of the quarter, how you are doing that?
Tom Abate: No, well the impact will be  as we  on sales in particular, you said the transaction rate for every month and then that becomes our average, thats how you translate into the US dollars when you compare it to the prior year.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan Chase: Can you maybe just give us a sense of what you are expecting for the second quarter at this point?
Tom Abate: Yes, I would say at least right now the current rates I think its not a 100 yens of a dollar and about 1.30 exchange for $1.33 for the euro something like that.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan Chase: No, No. I know the exchange rates. I was wondering if you could tell me what you think the FX impact would be.
Tom Abate: What the number is. The remaining of the 60. I think its our biggest number. Im going to say about 20, 25 in the quarter and one second, I am pretty sure thats right.
Michael Weinstein  JPMorgan Chase: Good. Thanks.
Tom Abate: Okay.
Mike Mussallem: Okay. Well, it doesnt appear that there is any other questions. And so, thank you very much for your continued interest in Edwards and Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone. With that, back to you David.
David Erickson: Thanks for joining us on todays call. Reconciliations between GAAP and Non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items are included in todays press release and can also be found in the Investor Relation section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of todays call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours, and to access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, and use account number 2995 and the pass code is 318217. Let repeat those, dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, the account number is 2995 and the pass code is 318217. Finally, an audio replay will be archived on the investor relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson  Vice President, Investor Relations. Michael A. Mussallem  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Thomas M. Abate  Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer 
Analysts: Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse Timothy Lee  Piper Jaffray. Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities David Lewis  Morgan Stanley Michael Weinstein  JP Morgan Amit Bail la  Citigroup Josh Zable  Natexis Bleichroeder Suraj Kalia  Sanders Morris Harris Group Increases Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse
Operator: Greeting ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David K. Erickson: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our fourth quarter 2008 financial results. During our call today, we'll focus our prepared remarks on information that complements the material included in the press release and financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO and Treasurer. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, sales, gross profit margin, net income, earnings per share, and free cash flow goals for 2009. The regulatory approvals and sales of Heart Valve Therapy products including Magna Ease and Magna Mitral Ease, the competitive dynamics of the Heart Valve market, the timing, progress, and results of clinical studies including the PARTNER trial, the continued adoption in Europe, and expected 2009 sales of the Edwards SAPIEN valve. The expected sales and enhancements for the FloTrac system and the development of continuous blood glucose monitoring technology. Although we believe them to be reasonable these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements may be found in our press release, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and our other SEC filings which are available on our website at edwards.com. With that, I'll turn the call to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem : Thank you, David. 2008 was another successful year for Edwards on several fronts. We achieved substantial earnings growth, successfully introduced the SAPIEN, transcatheter heart valve in Europe and continued to make substantial investments in our future. This is our best year yet for top line growth with total underlying sales for 2008 increasing 12%.  In Heart Valve Therapy, we introduced our Magna Mitral Valve in the U.S. and our Magna Aortic Valve in Japan. During our first year of Transcatheter Heart Valve sales in Europe, we achieved $53 million, which was significantly above our initial estimate of greater than $20 million. We continue to make great progress on our U.S. clinical trial and began a CE Mark trial in Europe for SAPIEN XT, our next generation Transcatheter Heart Valve.  At the same time, FloTrac continues to generate solid growth within Critical Care. In addition, we unveiled our continuous glucose monitoring plans, which represent a potential new growth platform, and lastly, we successfully integrated the CardioVations MIS product line. Just to recap our 2008 financial goals, excluding special items, our total sales reached $1.24 billion, exceeding the top of our range of 1.21 billion. We improved our gross profit margin by 90 basis points, which was just below our 100 to 150 basis point goal. Our net income growth of 16.2% exceeded our 11 to 14% range and free cash flow for the year of $166 million achieved the top-end of our goal.  Now, turning to fourth quarter results, on a reported basis, total sales grew 5.7% or $310 million and grew 13.2% on an underlying basis. Overall, we were able to achieve excellent sales results and we are fortunate to see a little impact in the fourth quarter from the economic downturn  Now Ill shift to a more detailed review of our product line sales and progress on new products and then Tom will discuss the financial results. For the fourth quarter, reported sales for Heart Valve Therapy were a $150 million, an increase of 13.9%, which is reduced by $4 million of foreign exchange. Additionally, as we signaled last December at the Investor Conference our sales results were also reduced by $5 million by the retrieval of our IMR and Mitral Repair products from customers. I will discuss the product retrieval in more detail in a few moments. On an underlying basis, growth was 21% for the quarter lead by strong performance from all regions. Transcatheter Heart Valve sales continue to expand in the quarter exceeding $18 million and as previously untreated patients now have more options for therapy. For the full year 2008, we reported sales for Heart Valve Therapy, which includes our Transcatheter Heart Valve sales, were $607 million, an increase of 17.9%. On an underlying basis, growth was 16.2% for the year, which is well above the 8 to 10% growth rate projected before the start of 2008. Turning to Surgical Heart Valves. In the U.S., we gained share this quarter and grew approximately 6% even with two recent competitive product launches. Outside the U.S. our Surgical Heart Valve business continue to achieve double-digit underlying sales growth driven by growing adoption of our Magna Heart Valve platform. The fourth quarter was our first quarter full quarter of Magna Mitral sales in the U.S. Clinician experience and feedback has been very positive and although its contribution to growth this quarter was modest, we look forward to driving the future share gains  The valve is uniquely designed for the mitral position, combining clinically superior performance with ease-of-use benefits. In Japan, our Magna Aortic valve, which was launched in June continue to drive growth during the fourth quarter.  Turning to the status of our Magna Ease Aortic valve, we responded to the FDAs questions and are waiting for the agencys response. We continue to anticipate a U.S. launch in the third quarter of 2009 pending regulatory approval.  In addition, we expect to launch an enhancement to our Magna Mitral Valve called Magna Mitral Ease in the second half of 2009 in both the U.S. and Europe. The unique design of the Magna Mitral Ease will continue to improve its ease of implantation, which is beneficial for both traditional and MIS procedures. We believe these clinical advantages will make the Magna the leading Mitral valve.  Now turning to repair, growth in the quarter was in the low single-digits on an underlying basis excluding the impact of the product retrieval. As explained in our Investor Conference in December, we voluntarily suspended shipments and retrieved our IMR and Myxo repair products from U.S. customers as we await FDA clearance of our 510-K submissions.  Following FDA clearance, we expect to return the products to customers. For perspective, these specialty products together represented less then 10% of our 2008 U.S. repair sales. As announced at STS last week, we received clearance for our Physio II ring and are launching it in the U.S and Europe in the first quarter of this year. This new ring represents the next generation repair products for degenerative mitral valve disease, which is the largest segment in repair and where weve experienced the most competitive activity  To summarize, for full year 2008 our Surgical Heart Valve franchise achieved 7% underlying growth above the 4 to 6% range that we had initially estimated. This was driven by our consistently improving performance in the U.S. and continued double-digit sales growth outside the U.S.  Weve been aggressively investing in our Heart Valve Therapy pipeline, and 2009 will be an unprecedented year of planned introductions across the aortic, mitral, and valve repair categories.  Now, turning to Transcatheter Heart Valve sales. We had a strong finish to the year achieving fourth quarter sales of $18.5 million continued clinician enthusiasm, combined with additional active centers drove growth in procedures. In Europe, we implanted approximately 650 valves during the fourth quarter and our selling prices remains stable. While new centers do make stocking purchases, our sales continue to be driven by implants with approximately 85% of the units sold being implanted in the quarter.  We expanded from about 70 centers performing cases in the third quarter, to over a 100 centers performing cases in the fourth quarter. We will continue to train centers throughout 2009. Im very pleased to report that in our commercial sales the combined Transapical and Transfemoral acute procedural success rate remained high at about 95%. Global demand is strong and we recently expanded to centers in Asia-Pacific and the Middle East. For 2009, our goal is to double the number of Transcatheter Heart Valve procedures compared to 2008, based on our momentum, we feel confident in meeting our $75 to $95 million expectation for global Transcatheter Heart Valve sales for the full year. Regarding reimbursements, we continue to expect formal reimbursement to be established in most of the major European countries between 2009 and 2011 with the first country coming online in 2009. In the meantime, the same dynamics surrounding funding continue to exist. We remain pleased that hospitals are currently able to support these procedures and while not assured, we expect this to continue as we make progress towards securing formal reimbursement.  At last weeks STS Cardiac Surgeon Meeting, enthusiasm for Transcatheter technology remained strong. There were several presentations on the Transapical procedure that showcased the benefits for high-risk patients and the advancements in that procedure. Turning to the U.S. PARTNER trial. To-date, weve enrolled 700 patients in the PARTNER trial. We continue to expect to complete enrollment in Cohort B, before the end of the first quarter. In addition, we still expect enrollment for Cohort A to be completed in August of this year. No other competitor has yet initiated a U.S. clinical trial.  We are excited about next generation Transcatheter Heart Valve called the Edwards SAPIEN XT. In December, we completed an important milestone, the first three implants were performed in our CE mark trial. We expect to complete enrollment in the second quarter of 2009 and gain a U.S. IDE approval to begin a clinical trial before year-end. Our safety XT valve is particularly well suited for the Transfemoral procedures offering a smaller profile and further leveraging our expertise in heart valves.  In addition, we recently received CE Mark approval for our new RetroFlex 3 Transfemoral delivery system, which simplifies the delivery of the SAPIEN Valve. We expect to roll this out across commercial sites this year. Were also continuing to make progress on our progress on our 30 patient U.S. feasibility trial of the SAPIEN Valve in the pulmonic position. We expect to complete enrollment this April and then transition to a larger humanitarian device exemption trial. As we announced last month, while the U.K. court upheld the validity of our Andersen patent for Transcatheter Valve Technology it found that a competitors specific product design did not infringe. We are filing an appeal on this aspect of the case. Separately, we have a THV patent Infringement trial in Germany later this quarter brought against us by Cook. And we have the U.S. CoreValve trial scheduled for early 2010. We believe Edwards has the strongest Transcatheter Valve patent portfolio and are investing to broaden its reach. We're committed to leading the Transcatheter Valve space and enforcing our IP is only one element of our broad leadership strategy.  Now, turning to our Critical Care business, for the fourth quarter, Critical Care reported $118 million of sales up 4.6%, which included $1.8 million negative impact from foreign exchange. Underlying sales growth was 6.5% against the substantial prior year comparison. Sales of new products lead by FloTrac continue to be the biggest growth driver this quarter. In addition, sales of our pressure monitoring and hemofiltration products also contributed to grow.  FloTrac continues to be a very strong performer and we expected to continue to expand the market. To-date FloTracs success has been primarily focused on expanding our monitoring presence in the high risks surgical environment. In 2009, well strengthen FloTracs applicability in the medical ICU with two new product launches. We anticipate launching an algorithm enhancement in the second quarter and in the third quarter we plan to launch a substantial upgrade for FloTrac based on the intellectual property which we purchased last year. Also in the third quarter, we anticipate launching a new hardware platform that will result in a simpler more intuitive informational display and ultimately consolidate all our parameters into one platform. In our hemofiltration segment, as we mentioned in December, our solution supplier struggle to meet demand which lowered our growth rate in the fourth quarter. We expect this shortfall continue in the first quarter and anticipate improvement beginning in the second quarter. During the quarter, we announced a partnership with DexCom to develop products for hospital based continuous blood glucose monitoring. There is a substantial clinical interest in tight glycemic control for improving outcomes for critical ill patients. We intend to leverage our global sales channel and extensive experience with catheter based monitoring to provide the best in-hospital continuos glucose center. In 2009, we plan to complete clinical studies to support regulatory approval and hopefully introduce our first generation product in Europe before the end of the year. Tight glycemic control represents an exciting new opportunity to accelerate our critical care growth rate.  Turning to cardiac surgery systems reported sales for the quarter increased 52% to $23 million primarily as a result of the CardioVations MIS acquisition. For full year 2008 MIS growth was approximately 25% on an underlying basis as we continue to increase our penetration into existing accounts and introduce MIS therapy in the new accounts.  Our base Cannula products were up about 4% on an underlying basis. We are committed to leading the way in developing MIS tools and implants that enable surgeons to meet the demand for less than base with valve therapy. In 2009, we will continue to invest in professional eduction, which supports MIS procedures.  In the U.S., we unveiled a new training program, at the STS designed to provide training and customer support to our surgeons and our OR teams. Our reported sales of vascular products were $19 million this quarter sales of our market leading Fogarty based vascular products remained relatively constant at $14 million versus the prior year. And now I will the call over to Tom. 
Thomas M. Abate: Thanks Mike. In addition to the strong underlying sales performance that Mike reported, our fourth quarter results were further enhanced by a 210 basis point improvement in our gross profit margin. We are very pleased to see this significant upward movement in our reported rate. In the quarter, we were able to further leverage the combination of sales growth and the gross profit improvement to lift our non-GAAP diluted EPS growth to more than 39%. Additionally, we are very pleased to achieve a full year non-GAAP diluted EPS growth of approximately 20%. Before I go through the P&L I would like to spend a minute on the accounting treatment for the retrieval of our repair products. Our GAAP results include an approximate $5 million reductions to sales, gross profit and pretax income. This estimate represents the sales value of all products impacted by our action, plus the cost of executing the retrieval. Upon receipt of FDAs clearance, the product will be returned to customers and a sale will be recognized in the future period. To-date we have contacted approximately 90% of the customers affected by the retrieval and the vast majority have simply asked us to return the product when we received FDA clearance. So far, we have only been ask to issue credits totalling $500,000  On our non-GAAP results reflect only these credits and not the full $5 million estimates in our GAAP results. Going forward, when we return these products to customers we will not record a sale in our non-GAAP results. We believe this offers the clearnest comparison of sales and earnings between periods.  Moving forward we recorded diluted EPS for the fourth quarter of $0.66 compared to $0.27 last year. Excluding special items and the impact of the product retrieval our first quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.78 compared to $0.56 last year. The 39% increase as I mentioned in our openings remarks. From the quarter, our gross profit margin of 68.1% compares to the 66% we reported in the same period of last year. This quarters improvement was due to an equal contribution from product mix and foreign exchange.  Over the last several quarters we have seen our product mix steadily strengthen as we successfully launched new technologies while divesting more commodity-based product. In the fourth quarter as the downward pressure from FX rates subsided the benefit of our product mix became more visible. This is a great starting point for 2009 where we continue to expect full year gross profit margin to be between 68 to 70% of sales.  For the quarter SG&A expenses were $120.2 million, an increase of $5.7 million. This dollar increase was driven by spending for the SAPIEN valve launch in Europe and compensation expenses related to our strong sales performance partially offset by foreign exchange. For the full year 2009, we continue to expect SG&A to be between 37% and 39% of sales with a declining trend throughout the year. R&D investments in the quarter were $35.8 million or a 11.6% of sales compared to $33.5 million last year. This increase is primarily the result of additional investment in the Transcatheter Heart Valve program partially offset by the discontinuation of peripheral stents. For full year 2009, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 13% and 13.5% as we continue investing in the development of SAPIEN XT and our glucose program. As we previously discussed in our Investor conference we expect a number of special items this quarter. The items recorded on the special charges line totaled a net $15.8 million charge. The components will primarily transaction related event. A $23 million gain related to the receipt of a LifeStent milestone payment, a $13 million charge for the purchase of glucose technology right, a $13 million charge for the purchase of Critical Care monitoring technology, a $5 million charge for the purchase of structural heart intellectual property, and in $8 million charge related to previously capitalized patent enforcement costs this amount primarily represents the expenses related to our AAA litigation that began back in 2003. Since we no longer expect future revenue from AAA products we are expensing all related legal fee. Additionally, during the quarter we settled prior year tax audit resulting in a $10 million income tax benefit and initiated the previously discussed repair product retrieval. The impact of these items resulted in a reduction to net income of $7.1 million, a reconciliation table accompanies the press release. Other expense of $4.4 million for the quarter consisted primarily of balance sheet related foreign exchange losses resulting from the significant currency movement and a loss associated with our investment in an enhanced money market fund. For the fourth quarter primarily as a result of our special items we actually recorded a $,4.1 million tax benefit compared to a $3.8 million tax expense a year ago. Excluding the impact of our special items the effective tax rate was 17.1% for the quarter. This quarters rate benefitted from the renewal of the federal R&D tax credit and a full year adjustment to our country profit mix. Including these adjustments the underlying rate for the full year is 22.6%. For 2009, we continue to expect our rate to be approximately 24%.  When compared to the same quarter last year, FX rate negatively impacted fourth quarter reported sales by $6 million but resulted in a slight benefit on the bottom line. At current foreign exchange rate we anticipate only a $40 to $50 million negatively impact on 2009 sales, an improvement since Decembers guidance. Free cash flow generated during the quarter was $76 million, which we defined at cash flow from operating activities of $81 million minus CapEx of 18 million plus a $13 million payment to favorably settle certain prior year tax audits. In the first quarter, we plan to discontinue securitizing our Japan accounts receivable  Similar, to the discontinuation of our U.S. program in the third quarter of 2008, the Japan program no longer offers us attractive financing alternatives. Although, terminating the Japan program will reduce 2009s free cash flow by approximately $45 million it does not impact our ability to generate future cash. For 2009, we continue to expect free cash flow to be $160 to $170 million excluding the impact of terminating our Japan securitization program. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 395,000 shares of common stock at $21 million. For the full year, we repurchased a total of $5.8 million shares for a $306 million. At the same time, we ended the quarter with total net cash position of $43 million, total debt at December 31 of $176 million was less than our cash on hand of $219 million. Including receivables in our securitization program day sales outstanding for the quarter was down to 68 days. Inventories at the end of the quarter were $152 million. Turning to our 2009 sales guidance, we are projecting no change in the underlying strength of our sales, they remain the same as we presented in December. As a result of the improvement in foreign exchange rates since our Investor conference we are now projecting total sales to be at the upper end of our full year guidance of $1.24 to $1.03 billion. For Heart Valve Therapy, we expect sales at the upper end of $640 to $670 million representing a 14% to 16% underlying growth rate. In Critical Care, we expect sales at the upper end of the $455 to $475 million range, a 6 to 9% underlying rate. In Cardiac Surgery Systems, we expect $90 millon to $100 million, a 9 to 11% underlying growth rate and in Vascular we expect 50 to $60 million. For the first quarter of 2009, we project total sales of $300 million to $320 million and finally we estimate that first quarter diluted EPS will be between $0.66 and $0.70 for full year 2009 we continue to estimate that diluted EPS will be between $2.93 and $2.03.  And with that I will turn it back over to Mike. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. Overall we expect to carry our 2008 momentum into 2009 and deliver a strong results while making substantial investments in our future. In Heart Valve Therapy, we anticipate launching two new valves in the U.S. and doubling our SAPIEN Transcatheter Heart Valve procedures. In critical care, we have planned for additional extensions to our FloTrac systems and hope to introduce a continuous glucose monitoring systems in Europe by the end of the year.  And lastly in 2009, we anticipate completing enrollment in our U.S. PARTNER trial and gaining the U.S. IDE for the approval of SAPIEN XT. We are going to remaining focused on achieving our previously stated financial goals which include generating total sales between $1.24 and $1.3 billion increasing our gross profit margin between 68 and 70%, achieving diluted EPS growth of 15 to 19% and generating free cash flow of $160 million to $170 million. And with that I will turn the call back over to David.
David K. Erickson: In order to allow everyone a chance to participate we ask that you limit the number of questions that you ask. If you have additional questions please re-enter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the call. Operator we're ready to take the questions, please to allow everyone a chance to participate we ask that you limit the number of questions that you ask. If you have additional questions please re-enter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can during the remainder of the call. Operator we're ready to take the questions, please.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Jason Mills with Canaccord Adams. Please state your question.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams : Thanks guys. Congratulations on a good quarter. My first question Mike is out of Europe and is specific to the SAPIEN franchise. You mentioned, reiterated plans to double procedures year-over-year. Im wondering if you could help us out a little bit with same-store sales growth implicit in this expectation in an addition to that, your new center expansion update. I am really trying to get - I think for the last few quarters youve mentioned pretty strong growth and procedures or implant as a percentage of the total sales that youve reported and Im wondering if we sort of look at the expectations youve given for 2009 if we are seeing much in the way of center expansion implicit in your guidance? Thanks Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem:  Yeah, thanks Jason, yeah again, maybe the most important thing that were saying as weve set a goal to actually double procedures next year. Some of them will come from new centers. We expect to add new centers, I dont know exactly what that will workout to be. We said we have approximately 100 centers in planning in the fourth quarter, maybe well add somewhere in the 50 to 100 range again next year. But we certainly expect there to be growth within the existing centers as well and thats sort of net to a doubling of procedures. Does that get at your question Jason?
Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams: Its helps. I know that there were more sort of stocking probably in the first quarter and half of launch in earlier in 2008, but Im wondering for the full year percentage of implants relative to sales is its sort of 65%, 70% in 2008. Can you give us some feel for the number in 2008 so that we can sort of extrapolate forward the mix between center revenue and sort of same-store sales revenue in 2009?
Michael A. Mussallem:  Yeah, just for clarification, our practice has not changed. It was just more obvious in the first quarter when we were adding centers, before we had a run rate going, because where we are both Transapical and Transfemoral and we have two sizes on each people were typically putting the complete compliment on the shelf 
Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams: Okay.
Michael A. Mussallem:  As they got started and that was one of the requirements. Id say full year probably worked out the procedures equals about 70% of sales, maybe a little higher than that for full year and wed expect that to continue to decline as we have a more mature business.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams:  Okay, so just before I get, one question for Tom before I move on there. If I kind of take that number, then we are looking at sort of $35 million in implants sales, $35 million, $40 million doubling that assuming ASPs are stable you already getting to the lower end of your range before you add sort of new centers and stock into those centers, is that, am I thinking about that right? Thomas M. Abate  You lost me with the reference to $35 to $40 million, what we are referring to that?
Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams:  Well if I take sort of 70% or something like that implants relative to $53 million you reported? Thomas M. Abate  I think that there is number of factors when you convert everything into dollars, not least of which is Jason, primarily the sales are coming out of Europe, and are going to be a affected by the euro or so.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams: Okay. Thomas M. Abate So, at the end of the year, the rates have changed dramatically. So that you need to factor that in but, we feel good about the dollar range that we gave and I think thats probably the best way to think about it at a high level.
Jason Mills with Canaccord Adams: Great. And just one question for you and Ill get back in queue. With respect to the R&D, youre obviously expecting to ramp the spending in 2009 largely driven by the CGMS project. Im wondering if you see any slippage in product development here, not to say that there will be but certainly that is an area that that will require a lot of development and perhaps projects could be pushed out. Im wondering what is sort of implicit in your guidance for that if you see some slippage in product development on that side, I guess Im asking would that drop down into the bottom line and perhaps be accretive if there again if some slippage here and there which I dont think would be out of the realm of possibility given that it is somewhat of a new area?
Michael A. Mussallem : I think that Jason. Its Mike. I think we have fully accounted for what we think spending is going to be in 2009. So the spending is all in there and when you take a look at products like XT and glucose that really not in terms of much in the way sales or gross profit. So its not really a downside exposure, if thats what you are getting at during 2009, of course it would affect future periods. But were expecting to execute at a high level.
Jason Mills with Canaccord Adams:  Im actually asking perhaps if there could be some accretion to the bottom line given that..
Michael A. Mussallem:  R&D savings youre referring potential R&D savings? 
Jason Mills with Canaccord Adams: Thats right. Not spending as much as you factored in. 
Michael A. Mussallem:  Its not in our current calculation Jason I think that would be being, I dont know optimistic whether youd call it optimistic or not, but no thats not really in the plans.
Jason Mills  Canaccord Adams:  Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Kristen Stewart with Credit Suisse. Please state your question. 
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: Hi thanks for taking the call or questions. On Magna Mitral did you give a number for what that contributed in the quarter or what FloTrac contributed in the quarter as well from a sales dollars perspective?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah we didnt. Magna Mitral, I think we sold something in the neighborhood of $5 million in the quarter, but the bulk of that Kristen would have been replacement of our existing products with an upgrade to Magna Mitral. So incrementally it probably only added a little over a $1 million in the quarter. So it wasnt a big contributor, certainly a contributor in the U.S. and in the mitral position but in aggregate not that much. The FloTrac I think the question was how much for the quarter?
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: Yeah.
Michael A. Mussallem: Or for the year?
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: For the quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay, well. I think for the quarter it was a little north of $15 million. We did more than $50 million in the year and it was an increasing progression.
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: And then just two questions or housekeeping. The other expense item jumped up about $4 million, what was in that and then just reconciling back to the gross margin are you adding back 4.7 into sales to get to the (inaudible) like how are you what's the mechanic side?  
Michael A. Mussallem: Are you referring to the product retrieval on the second part, Kristen?
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse:   Yes to get to reconcile back to the adjusted number. I assume you are adding something to the shelf base and then something in the hospital leverage?
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay, let me start with other expense, but we had two large items. One was a we referred to it back in Q3 when we give guidance that were going to see on that line a negative impact from FX. But that was slightly greater than half of the amount and then there was a $2 million amount, which occurred towards the latter half of the quarter that related to the valuation of one of our money market, the enhanced money markets by Colombia Strategic Fund. So we have to take it down. Now, originally we are down to total balancing that fund or something less than a 11 million and probably get 3 million of charge that we took this year. So, the net balance on the balance sheet is down to about $8 million as we are trying to get out of that fund. Does that answer the other expense question? 
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: Yeah, thats perfect and then just the gross margin.
Michael A. Mussallem: And that on the gross margin, whats in the gross margins, was penalized on the reported obviously it was affected by the what you call the charge of $5 million to sales. It is just about an equal charge to GP. We added there is a little bit on the retrieval cost we did not do a return to inventory as the inventory belongs to the customer since we havent issued credit. So, its pretty straightforward difference between the two. Now, remember on the non-GAAP, it just that was more like a half a million. And that reflected actual credit issues.
Undefined Company Representative: I think its fair to say Tom, the gross profit rate did get depressed we are reporting here because of the retrieval.
Undefined Company Representative : Yes, it was staying to about 50 basis points.
Undefined Company Representative : Yes.
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: Okay. And with the full year tax rate at little under 23 helping to the full year for 09 it can be closer to 24.
Undefined Company Representative: You know, its Kristen, the question I think, its within the realm of possibility within 24 I think could be plus or minus 1%, very possibly it could be. This is not at the end of the year it went lower than we had originally expected, but I still think 24 is a good number.
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse: Yes perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tim Lee with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Timothy Lee  Piper Jaffray: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of questions here, just given the number of centers that youre now in and given the number of centers on the SAPIEN side given the number of centers that your competitor is in. Are you going more head-to-head, are you seeing them out in the field more and how are you fairing in those bake offs?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah Tim. Our first year of introduction, largely we were staffed with just clinical resources and so we really focused on training and we focused on just helping people to get up and to do good procedures. So, it was just a lot market expansion and I wouldnt say there was a lot of head-to-head fighting. Were just adding sales resources at this point. I think for the most part I expect 2009 still to be a year of expansion. There will be some competition. But I dont think there is anything to report at this point in terms of well share battles.
Timothy Lee  Piper Jaffray: And then just a point of clarification on the 100 centres that you are in, were they all active in the quarter or were they some centers that ran out of funding as the year progressed?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah that actually the number of centers that had an implant in the fourth quarter, there were a 100, youd call those active centers.
Timothy Lee  Piper Jaffray: Okay, and then last one here. Of these 650 plus implants that you performed during the quarter, does that include the partner trial enrollment as well?
Michael A. Mussallem: No, that was I think I referenced purely to Europe.
Timothy Lee  Piper Jaffray: Okay. Great. Thanks for your clarification.
Operator: The next question is coming from Larry Biegelsen with Wachovia securities. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities: Hi, good evening and thanks for taking my call. Tom, just for clarification, can you tell us how you are getting to the $0.78 what the tax rate I think you said was 71, the gross margin is 68.6 in the release, what are the other components, is the other income, is it that 4 million that gets we are having trouble getting to $0.78.
Thomas M. Abate : Well, it should be all into P&L as lets say the $0.78 difference would be I think its what you are having is you're reconciling what was reported. We had the 68% the other expense before we considering the other expense components of this Larry?
Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities:  Maybe it is better to do it off-line with David after the call. Just another clarification question then on restocking of 5 million, is that in your guidance for '09 the sales guidance?
Thomas M. Abate :  On the restocking, you're saying the sale as it returns to the customers?
Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities: Is that in your guidance for next year?
Thomas M. Abate : No, no. And Larry let me say on the other one. There is the attachment that does the full reconciliation. So youve a complete list of what reconciles the two numbers.
Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities: Okay. I will followup on that afterwards. Let me ask my real questions then. So Transapical, Transfemoral mix in Europe. Can you tell us what that was in the quarter please?
Thomas M. Abate : It was approximately two-thirds to one-thirds, two to one. Transapical to Transfemoral.
Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities:  And your SAPIEN guidance I mean, just to follow up on an earlier question you did 85 in the quarter. So, youre at a $74 million run rate, but your guidance is 75 to 95 million and I appreciate the FX, the uncertainly around FX, but it does seen conservative. Is there anything that makes you conservative in terms of reimbursement in Europe or impact from the economy?
Michael A. Mussallem: No is that Larry, we're being conservative. We feel very, very confident obviously, putting up a quarter like this one makes us feel confident. We continue to like all the dynamics. Naturally, we're a little thoughtful about it when you have these products that are being paid for by government that are going to go through tough economic times. We're mindful of that, but no, we don't have any new facts that cause us be extra conservative.
Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities: Just as a last quick one. U.S. sales for SAPIEN in the quarter Mike, how much were those? 
Michael A. Mussallem: I think they have been running between, it's a little over $1 million certainly less than two, it's in that range Larry.
Larry Biegelsen  Wachovia Securities: Okay, thanks. I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question is coming from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Hi good afternoon.
Michael A. Mussallem: Hi David.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Hi Mike could you tell us the assumptions for Transapical Transfemoral mix as well as your Transfemoral markets share expectations that underpin 2009 guidance?
Michael Mussallem : Yeah, weve been tracking probably at this rate of 2 to 1 to Transapical versus Transfemoral We would expect as particularly as XT comes on, that we're going to be getting share in the Transfemoral position. We think that that's going to be very popular in Transfemoral and so it will cause that percentage to go up as a percentage of our sale and also causes us to gain share. The doubling of procedures, I think it is something that we can do without gaining an awful lot of share. I think most of that is there through market expansion and if that we do get substantial share gain that's probably upside.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley : Mike, what do you think Transfemoral market share would trough before launch of Nextgen? Michael Mussallem  It is might have already troughed earlier this year. If anything we feel like Transfemoral share might have been improved for Edwards in the fourth quarter, it's still not that favorable for us. So I think the competitor probably has three to one in the transfemoral position something like that. So just to give you a sense for it. But, the other side of this is Transapical is doing very well and so and when we talk about these ratios and you compare Transfemoral with Transapical and were the only ones in the Transapical position, it sort of makes our Transfemoral now look quite as good just because of the comparison.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley : Okay and to say a couple question here. New centers that are coming on, is there any reason to believe that new centers are going to be at a relatively lower level of utilization given that you're moving down markets or that the mix of Transapical to Transfemoral would be different because you are getting, you are scrutinizing less in terms of making sure they're committed to Transapical? Michael A. Mussallem  David, my recollection of all of our modeling here is there is no substantial change of the new centers compared to what we are experiencing. As you might imagine they are probably they tend to be a little smaller centers, but we wouldnt expect much change in the dynamics.
David Lewis  Morgan Stanley: Okay and then just lastly Ill get back in queue. Tom so at least in the mix remains favorable on gross margins prove to be conservative. Are you going to spend any gross margin upside and invest in the international market for valve or would you drop that through to the bottom line? Thank you.
Thomas M. Abate: Well we have put in the guidance that we already had a pretty big range and expectation to possibly top out as high as 70%. We also had R&D growing over 20% to like13 and 13.5 to sales. So, I think we put in lot in the P&L. We think at this point if there were additional upside we have to look at that hard since we could find another place for it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mike Weinstein with JP Morgan. Please state your question.
Michael Weinstein  JP Morgan: Thanks, lets begin question so as you know its a little bit tough to hear you guys in the room I think its may just be the speaker. Let me just follow up on the questions on SAPIEN first, you obviously had a very strong step up sequentially this quarter you added more than 30 centres, any reason to think that sequentially as we look at first quarter sales wouldnt increase again.
Unidentified Company Representative:  Mike, thanks for the question. Let us know here, if you if anybody ever gets an answer that you cant hear please let us know and we will repeat it or try and make sure we get that back out to you. Sorry about that.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: There is no any reason to believe that the first quarter is not going to be a continuation of the trends lines that were on right now. So, nothing like that were foreseeing.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: Can you give us any help for modeling Mike on a blended ASP for SAIPEN right now.
Michael A. Mussallem: You know, our pricing has been pretty stable, so although there might be a some country mix that changes a little bit from quarter-to-quarter so but the pricing within a country was continue to be very stable and we have been disciplined about our pricing. So, I am not sure I can give you a whole out there. We dont expect there to be a much of a story in pricing in 2009.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: That 15,000 to 22,000 you have given pretty wide range. Can you narrow it at all?
Michael A. Mussallem:  Well, its pretty tough. We feel this early stage of the market is pretty tough for us to give something like an ASP. So we - I guess we prefer to keep it in this broad range and as we get a little bit more maturity Mike, and I think that's pretty reasonable.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: Okay 
Michael Mussallem:  You know I think its pretty reasonable 
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan:  Okay two financial items just to clarify here. The tax rate coming in at 78% for the quarter part of the R&D tax credit and other was you said adjustment to your country profit mix, obviously R&D tax credit we understand and we all know the timing of when that was implemented, so that shouldn't have surprised you guys. Why did the country profit mix come in so differently in the fourth - why was such a big adjustment and why - why did that catch you guys, off guard? Obviously it is positive in terms of how it helps the tax rate in the fourth quarter but you werent anticipating in the October when you gave guidance so what was the big swing in the fourth quarter that led you to make the adjustment. Thanks.
Michael Mussallem: That's a good question Mike, let me start off by saying no - we absolutely I didn't anticipate it back in December and basically as the tax department goes through all over the profitability and youre talking about roughly $200 million of profit getting it in the right buckets by country. The adjustments and we didnt already mention the adjustments, but it is in the neighborhood of somewhere in the neighborhood of $2 million its a slightly less could be a little bit more or less in that so its not a huge adjustment, but I didnt want to disclose it specifically, it belongs in the year  it belongs to the full year rate. It just the  the way that you went through and as we did the more precise calculations at year-end it is way it turned out.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan : Okay then the last question. And I think we touched on, at the meeting in December that is I wanted to get your feedback on the free cash flow. Free cash flow hasnt been growing the same rate, which your net income has been growing, and youre guiding to flat free cash flow in 2009 versus 2008. It is one to maybe just to understand that a little bit better, thanks.
Michael Mussallem:
Oh, sure. You know if we focus just on the difference between 2008 and 2009 and between first off let me say, I think were fortunate, we have a very cash rich business and it very consistent and weve been very fortunate in that regard. In your comparison of 08, you need to remember that 2008 performance was relatively weak and the incentive pay out fall into the following years. So where we paid under target for 2007 that fell into the 2008 it was an upsize and the 2008 performance, which was above target falls into 2009. The difference between an under in one year and the average in the other year was 10 under and possibly 15 to 20 on the overhead side. That maybe to put those to together when youre preparing to two years so, so pretty significant impact and another thing Id say working capital, I am very pleased with the all of the elements of working capital and the basic of whats being driven by the operation. So nothing to report there concern capital spendings pretty much inline, so if you look at DSOs and things that are critical to generate future cash flow everything seems like it is in great shape that seems to be the number one exception.:
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan:  Okay, thanks David.
Operator:  Your next question is coming from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup. Please state your question.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup:  Hi good afternoon. I wanted to ask you a couple of questions on Critical Care. The Critical Care number came in a little bit later than our expectation, so I wondered if you go a little more detail about the impact of the hemofiltration supplier issue, what was the dollar impact there and can you also clarify the $13.2 million charge for the purchase of a Critical Care monitoring technology, I think I may have missed that?
Michael Mussallem:  Okay, yeah. I think if we, what we trying to signal at the Investor Conference and as that were having some suppliers, our suppliers were struggling and we would had a real strong year prior in hemofiltration and thats probably $1 million easily that it would cost us in the fourth quarter. Youd also just heard about we were also concerned actually, that it was going to be tougher than this on the capital side but it actually worked out to be pretty good. But I think the thing we keep in mind as we had adjust the  our blowout quarter in Q4, 2007. And so it made the comparison tough and we anticipated that going into it but overall we werent too disappointed with the way things turned out. In terms of the monitoring technology, we were able to buy some technology that there is a couple thing for us. One, it is a great enhancement to FloTrac. And in particularly it helps FloTrac as we want to move into the medical ICU and so were going to be incorporating that matter of fact expect a launch our product later on in 2009. Additionally, we would came along with that is very neat hardware, which gives us a hardware platform for the future and allow us to potentially consolidate a number of these items. I think were able to mention all these in December conference and Tom might be will have details on the schedule so, I hope that wasnt surprised anyone.
Amit Bhalla  Citigroup: Okay, thank you. And on the Heart Valve Therapy side, are you still getting even though you have got a $5 million of Magna Mitral contribution in the quarter. Where you still getting about 10% to 20% price premium there and can you give us an update on Evolution II trial enrollments? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, sure Amit. First of all in terms of the premium yes, were getting a premium on Micro Magna. Its probably in the 10% range and so, we are pleased with that and we look forward to that ramping up during 2009. In Evolution II, we are actively screening right now for that trial so, this is one that we look forward, getting enrolled here in the full path and getting some results reported here before the end of the year. So, we look forward to really getting some result but weve got sides that are actively screenings patients as we speak.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Josh Zable with Natexis Bleichroeder. Please state your question.
Josh Zable  Natexis Bleichroeder: Hi, guys, congrats on a great quarter, and thanks for taking my questions here. 
Michael A. Mussallem: Surely Josh. Sure, thank you.
Josh Zable  Natexis Bleichroeder : A Couple of housing keeping item here, real quick sorry about that, first just on the foreign exchange, I know obviously it bounces around and charge for you guys actually predicted Im not asking to do that but given that kind of where at the guidance call here, we had a December meeting and October guidance, Im just trying gauge because foreign currency bounces around so much and were fortunate to get a lot of updates Im just trying to understand, can you give us range or sort of how we should think about it, because I know you said look to the high end of the range but if currency kind of fluctuates just so were sort of prepared for what kind of moves, it will be?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, we try to do it as we said todays rates. We are thinking $40 million to $50 million of impact. Back to the Investors Conference it was more like $75 million. So just in that short period of time it changed to $30 million. All right, so all on total company sale. 
Josh Zable  Natexis Bleichroeder: On total company sales.
Michael A. Mussallem: On total companies sales full year 2009. So big swings are possible Josh, but Id say to give you an idea also that when I am looking at rates in the $30 to $35 on the euros, it probably 90 to 95 Yen. So, it actually where we are at and thats relatively tight range but rather than give a really wild big range of I tried to say, look at relatively these rate will falling into ranges it look like that.
Josh Zable  Natexis Bleichroeder: Thats all right. Very, very helpful. And then just quickly on the gross margin obviously really impressive this quarter. And I know you guys talked about expansion for next year just, can you just kind of help me walk through a little bit more granularity here as far as it is really just a mix shift to new products or a long list sort of discontinuation of products or is it just all mix shift?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, when we talk about product mix, we are looking at new product, new technologies, (inaudible) superior rates moving reduction, but also the discontinuation in a commodity related products so, those two together as what we are thinking about when we talk about product mix. In terms of the composition, it was pretty much and equal split in the quarter and are you more interested in the quarter Josh?
Josh Zable  Natexis Bleichroeder: Quarter and outlook
Michael A. Mussallem: Well in the quarter, it was pretty much 50-50 split in comparison to last year. But whats underlying - what we are talking about for a number of quarters now that the rate has been improving but we were expecting some suppression as a result of FX. So as FX lightens up you are starting to see the benefit of all of these moves show up in our rates. So, we are very pleased with the rate this quarter and its a pretty standing in line with our expectations for next year. Next year, we actually had a chrt back at the Investors Conference and it was also about 50-50. I think its a 150 basis points of FX and the mid-point of the range, we gave as probably another 150 of product mix. So once again pretty even spilt.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Suraj Kalia with Sanders Morris Harris. Please state your questions 
Suraj Kalia  Sanders Morris Harris : Good afternoon. Mike. Gentlemen congratulations on the nice quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem:   Thanks Suraj.
Suraj Kalia  Sanders Morris Harris Group Inc: Mike. I am not sure this has been mentioned in the - in terms of Europe and the SAPIEN implants in Europe would you be willing to share what kind of patients are being implanted I understand the transapical two  is two-thirds?
Michael A. Mussallem: If were 
Michael A. Mussallem: Im sorry what was that, Suraj.
Suraj Kalia  Sanders Morris Harris: Yeah, I am sorry about that, and what kind of patients are you seeing getting implanted on an average within the transapical or transfemoral and the reason at the rationale for that
Michael A. Mussallem : We just lost you towards the tail end. 
Suraj Kalia  Sanders Morris Harris : I am getting some background noise here. Im just trying to understand whether, patients who were candidates for surgery on working candidates for surgery are getting whats the mid-shift there?
Michael A. Mussallem:
[Audio Disturbance]:
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I am sorry Suraj we only get about every other word to hear somehow we are not getting the very good signal.
Suraj Kalia  Sanders Morris Harris Group Inc:  Hopefully, this goes through, Mike in terms of Europe what are the lessons being learned from the initial experience with the SAPIEN just to read U.S. ID, the SAPIEN, the next generation SAPIEN, what are you all seeing that are leading to either design changes and or targeted patients.
Michael A. Mussallem:  Well, were actually, we continue to learn a lot and not to say that were not confident in the trial design for partner. We are very confident with that. We continue to love the ideas of people who are working as partners that surgeons and cardiologists work together. We continue to get great results, we get that we're very please to see that we're actually getting people are able to learn this procedure and learn from those have gone before them and so the fact we have a acute procedural success of 95% approximately is one that we feel very good about. People are finding the money because they are finding this to high value procedure. And so overall, there is  for a lot of learning that's taken place. Having said that we also know that cardiologist would very much prefer as - a lower profile for these transfemoral procedures and we are pretty much at the limit of size here and so our SAPIEN XT is going to be very important to make the cardiologist have an easier approach in the transfemoral vein for transfemoral artery. 
Suraj Kalia - Sanders Morris Harris Group Inc:  One last question Mike Ill get back in the queue. What is the anecdotal experience from Europe in terms of not acute procedural success but let say that 30-day mortality or 12 months whatever you all have from anecdotal experience what you are seeing (Audio Disturbance).
Michael A. Mussallem :  Yeah, there is some  there is some data exits thats been reported on, that some of the recent meetings and continue to be reported on that have some 30 day results and six month results and we look forward to having some one year results during 2009 and so I say tuned or that and look forward it at the upcoming clinical meetings enthusiasm has stayed high I would say in general there are not a lot secrets out there and one of the reasons why clinician enthusiasm as high as I think their feeling is that the patients are doing well as they leave these, and so I maybe rather than me trying to general lies Ill just leave right there, Suraj. Thank you.
Suraj Kalia - Sanders Morris Harris Group Inc: Gentlemen, thank you for taking my questions.
Operator:  Our final question is coming from Kristen Stewart with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse:  Hi, thanks for the follow up. Mike, I just wanted to touch base again one on the comment on additional clinical data. Is there anything specifically, we should be expecting at meeting like ACC your PCR will they update what you do some bids that PARTNER, experience or registries? 
Michael A. Mussallem: Yeah, I would say probably the next substantial amount of data, you look toward the PCR I think you would see an update on the Partner EU data I think you would see an update on the source data that we are collecting out of our commercial experience, maybe either I would imagine there will be some reports on early experience with SAPIEN XT and some live cases. So I think its going to be pretty prominent at PCR Kristine, thats one would be a good one to get an update on that.
Kristen Stewart  Credit Suisse:  Do you have any updates on just kind of SAPIEN XT with respect to the U.S. trial designer you are still just kind of working through that and on I guess talking with the FDA anything with the question carrying back on the Magna Mitral Valve that was surprising and I know you reiterate your timelines, but anything out of the ordinary with some of the questions?
Michael A. Mussallem: No, were not really seeing anything out of the ordinary there I mean, is there  that continues to be a tremendous amount of diligence on the part of the FDA. They focus not only on trial design but they obviously focus on the design of the products themselves and how they perform on the bench. And so I think we learned an awful a lot going through our home Micro Magna experience and going through the experience as well on SAPIEN so far and I wouldnt say there has been a real shift over the recent past.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse:  Thank you, Mike. 
Michael A. Mussallem :  Okay, thanks Kristen. 
Michael A. Mussallem:  All right well thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone and with that back to you David. 
David K. Erickson:  Thank for joining us on todays call. Reconciliations between GAAP and Non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items are included in todays press release and can also be found in the Investor Relation section of our website at edwards.com.   If you missed any portion of todays call a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours, and to access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415. Use account number 2995 and pass code 308787. I will repeat those numbers call 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 the account number is 2995 and the pass code is 308787. Finally an audio replay will be archived on the investor relations section of our website. Thank you, very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - VP, IR Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and CEO Donald E. Bobo, Jr. - Corporate VP, Heart Valve Therapy Thomas M. Abate - Corporate VP, CFO, and Treasurer
Analysts: David Lewis - Morgan Stanley Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Greeting ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David K. Erickson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our third quarter 2008 financial results. During our call today, we'll focus our prepared remarks on information that complements the material included in the press release and financial schedules, and then use the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO and Treasurer; and Don Bobo, Corporate Vice President of Heart Valve Therapy. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions, and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to, sales, gross profit margin, net income, earnings per share, and free cash flow goals for 2008. The regulatory approvals and sales of Heart Valve Therapy products including Magna Mitral and Magna Ease, the competitive dynamics of the Heart Valve market, expected sales and product enhancements for the FloTrac system, the timing, progress, and results of clinical studies including the partner trial, the market opportunity for Transcatheter Heart Valve technologies and the adoption in Europe, and expected 2008 sales of the Edwards SAPIEN valve. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements maybe found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2007 and our other SEC filings which are available on our website at edwards.com. With that, I'll turn the call to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David. We're very pleased to report strong third quarter sales and earnings growth lead by our Heart Valve Therapy franchise. We also benefited from a lot of visibility about Edward's mew technologies during the quarter. At the recent EACTS and TCT meetings, our Transcatheter technology was show cased by leading clinicians with growing enthusiasm that this therapy will have a prominent place in the future treatment of heart valve disease. In addition, we also received U.S. approval for Magna Mitral during the quarter and expect it to be a future contributor to our growth. Now, turning to results, on a reported rate basis total sales for the quarter grew 16% to $304 million and grew 12% on an underlying basis. Currency again helped sales this quarter. Before I provide, a more detailed review of our sales results, Don Bobo, Corporate Vice President for Heart Valve Therapy will discuss our surgical heart valve franchise. Following my remarks Tom will review the financial results and with that I'd like to introduce Don Bobo. Don.
Donald E. Bobo, Jr. - Corporate Vice President, Heart Valve Therapy: Thanks, Mike. I am very pleased to have the opportunity to discuss our surgical Heart Valve Therapy franchise with all of you. At last year's investor conference we laid out our 2008 forecast for the Heart Valve Therapy franchise and as you will remember we planned for U.S. growth rate in the 0% to 2% range for the year which included the impact of competitive launches. Outside of the U.S., we expected significant growth in the double digit range and forecasted a 4% to 6 % growth globally on a blended basis. When you add Transcatheter Valve revenue, we forecasted a heart valve franchise growth rate of 8% to 10%. We're executing on this balance plan and are exceeding our growth projections. Reported sales for Hearth Valve Therapy were a $148 million for the third quarter, an increase of 21% which included a $5.4 million positive contribution from foreign exchange. On an underlying basis growth was 16.7% for the quarter lead once again by strong performance in international region including Transcatheter Heart Valves in Europe. Transcatheter heart valve therapy is generating additional market growth in Europe, as patients who were previously untreated now have more options for therapy. The introduction of this technology has dramatically lifted market growth in Europe from its historical rate of 3% to 5% to more than 25%. Mike will provide more detail on Transcatheter Heart Valves later, my comments will focus primarily on our surgical heart valve franchise. In the U.S., valve sales growth was 4% driven by gains in both units and price. We are particularly pleased to see this progress in the face of two comparable launches earlier this year. Outside of the U.S. our base heart valve business continued to achieve double digit underlying sales growth driven by the expanding adoption of a Magna Heart Valve platform. During the third quarter we were very pleased to receive approval from FDA for the Magna Mitral and began our launch in September. Due to the timing of this approval this valve had only minimal impact on this quarter's sales. Our Magna Mitral Valve has a unique design that provides it with the lowest effective profile and therefore the lowest ventricular projection of any tissue mitral valve. We are pleased with clinician feedback from their initial implants and expect sales to sequentially ramp up as we expand the launch. In Japan we introduced the Magna Aortic Valve in June which contributed an additional $2 million to growth in the quarter. Based on this valve's superior patient benefits we fully expect this product to continue to accelerate our growth rate and become the number one Heart Valve in Japan. Turning to the status of our Magna Ease Aortic Valve we will respond to FDA's outstanding questions in the next few weeks. We will continue to anticipate a U.S. launch in 2009 pending regulatory approval. Based on this valve's performance we expect that it will surpass our Magna Valve to become the global market leader. And turning to repair, sales growth in the quarter continued in the mid single digits led by our decease specific products. We had our first experience with the Physio II ring during the third quarter and concluded that some modification to the ring accessories are necessary. As a result we now expect to launch this product in the U.S. and Europe during the first quarter of 2009. This new ring represents the next generation repair product for the degenerative mitral valve disease which is the largest segment in repair and where we've experienced the most competitive activity. Summarizing our surgical Heart Valve franchise, for 2008 we are confident that our underlying growth rate will exceed to 4% to 6% range that we initially estimated. This is driven by our better than planned performance in the U.S., and the continued strong sales outside the U.S. Combining this growth with Transcatheter Heart Valves, Heart Valve Therapy is having an impressive year, exceeding the 8% to 10% growth rate originally projected. We now expect Heart Valve underlying growth to be 15% this year. I look forward to responding... to reporting on our continued progress, now I will turn the call back over to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Don. So turning to Transcatheter Heart Valves sales, although we experienced the expected seasonality during the third quarter, we finished the quarter strongly achieving $13 million in sales most of which was in Europe. Continued clinician enthusiasm combined with an increase in the number of active centers drove both procedures and sales. In Europe we implanted approximately 400 valves during the third quarter and our selling price remained within our previous range of 15,000 to 22,000 euros. Our sales continued to be driven by implants with 90% of the units sold being implanted in the quarter. We expended from about 50 centers performing cases in the second quarter to 70 centers performing cases during the third quarter. We continued to be... there continues to be centers eager to join our program and we have expanded our training capabilities. We expect to add at least five centers per month for the remainder of the year. I'm very pleased to report, that in our year-to-date commercial sales that combined acute procedural success rate remained high at around 95%. Regarding reimbursement, we continued to expect most European countries to establish formal reimbursement in 2010. In the meantime the same dynamics surrounding funding continued to exist, although interim funding is not assured, we're pleased that hospitals are currently able to support these procedures, we expect this to continue as we make progress for securing formal reimbursement. Based on our momentum in Europe, we expect our global Transcatheter Heart Valve sales to surpass $50 million for the full year. At last week's TCT meeting in Washington D.C., our SAPIEN Transcatheter Valve was featured in large number of clinician presentation in live cases, including showcasing our new RetroFlex III delivery system, which will be rolled out later this year. Early experience with the transapical deliveries of SAPIEN was also presented during the quarter by surgeons at the EACTS meeting in Europe. Our Transcatheter Valve technology continues to generate significant interest among both surgeons and interventional cardiologist. We're committed to introducing this technology by executing a rigorous clinical program and providing regular updates on this clinical experience to the scientific community. We'll also continue to properly communicate this information to the investment community, as we did during the last quarter. Given the high level of investor interest, we're happy to take individual calls to discuss any of this content and we plan to provide additional information on our European experience during our investor conference in early December. Turning to the U.S. partner trial, we now have about 20 centers that are actively enrolling patients and at the end of September we had enrolled over 450 patients in the partner trial which is consistent with the time line we presented in our investor conference last December. In addition, we remain on track to have 600 patients enrolled by the end of 2008. At this projected enrolment rate, we continue to expect Cohort B to complete enrollment near the end of the year. In addition, we continued to expect enrollment in Cohort A to be completed by the end of the third quarter of 2009. No other competitor has yet initiated to U.S. clinical trial which leads us to believe our progress gives us at least a two year lead. Starting in the second quarter, patients began receiving a SAPIEN valve with the Ascendra delivery system within the partner trial. This addition gives cardiac surgeons the opportunity to partner on this transformational technology and most importantly it allows us to address even more patients. As a reminder the partner trial includes measurements of both mortality and patient benefits like quality of life and functional improvement. We believe that SAPIEN technology is highly likely to distinguish itself in the treatment of these patients and we remain confident in the partner trial design. We're making good progress on our next generation Transcatheter Valve, now called the Edward's SAPIEN XT. We're particularly excited about this important development as we expect clinicians will welcome a smaller delivery profile and the state-of-the-art valve design. The combination of the smaller delivery profile along with our established expertise in valve design will accelerate the use of this technology. We are continuing our dialog with the European regulatory agencies and remain on track to start a SAPIEN XT trial before the end of the year in support of a mid 2010 CE mark. We continue to anticipate that this will be a non-randomized trial, comparable to do study design of our first generation technology. We continue to make progress on our 30 patient U.S. feasibility trial of the SAPIEN Valve in the pulmonic position. To date; we are 1/3rd of the way through the enrollment of this trial. As announced last week, a German trial court found that core valve does not infringe our Anderson patent and while this decision is disappointing, we will vigorously pursue a reversal of this appeal, on appeal. We are, as we've stated before, we also have a case in the UK where we are awaiting a decision and a separate case in the U.S. where we expect key decisions beginning next year. We are prepared for a prolonged legal battle and expect to ultimately prevail. We believe Edwards has the strongest Transcatheter Valve patent portfolio and are investing to broaden its reach. We're committed to leading in the Transcatheter Valve space but enforcing our IP is only one element of our broad leadership strategy. Developing the best solutions and technologies for patients remains our number one priority and we're pleased with our progress in that regard. Now, turning to our Critical Care business, for the third quarter, Critical Care reported $110 million in sales up 14%, which included $4.5 million contributed from foreign exchange. Underlying sales growth was 9.2%. Sales of new products lead by FloTrac continued to be the biggest growth driver this quarter. In addition, our growth is becoming more diversified with increased adoption of pre-set, strong adoption in emerging markets, and share gains in our hemofiltration and pressure monitoring products. Earlier this month, at the European Society of Intensive Care Medicine in Lisbon, we sponsored an educational symposium on hemodynamic monitoring. At this standing remotely event, a number of studies were presented supporting the use of hemodynamic monitoring to enhance patient care and outcomes. Our market leading Swan-Ganz Catheter complimented by our innovative FloTrac and PreSep monitoring systems, continued to provide vital information to clinicians caring for critically old patients. Enthusiasm for FloTrac continues to grow. In addition to its ease of use, Edward's has continuously improved the FloTrac algorithm to provide more value for clinicians and new market opportunities for the product which will extend our leadership position. Our next significant introduction is a substantial upgrade that enables this system to provide enhancements targeted for the medical ICU. This innovation will continue to broaden the application of FloTrac. During the quarter sales of PreSep, our innovative catheter for early detection of sepsis continued to ramp up, detection and treatment of sepsis remained a clinical challenge and PreSep is gaining adoption. We continued to take market share and pressure monitoring products in hemofiltration. These products contributed significantly to Critical Care's total growth. And turning to Cardiac Surgery Systems, reported sales for the quarter increased 55% to $21 million, primarily due to the continued strong performance of the CardioVations MIS product line. Year-to-date CardioVations growth is around 25% on underlying basis, as we continued to increase our penetration into existing accounts and introduce MIS therapies into new accounts. In addition our base granular products were up 3% on an underlying basis. We're pleased to have successfully integrated the CardioVations product line into our Cardiac Surgery Systems franchise. The timely execution of our integration and training plan has led to stronger than anticipated sales growth in this business. We've retained the CardioVationssales force, improved product quality, and increase manufacturing capacity to meet the rising product demand. CardioVations offers real synergy with our heart valve business and we're committed to leading the way in developing MIS products that facilitate novel valve procedures. Full reported sales of vascular products were $23.5 million this quarter. Sales of our higher margin base vascular products remained relatively constant at $14 million versus the prior year. Now turning to Transcatheter Mitral Repair. At TCT clinicians discussed the progress of our Monarch [ph] system, including the Evolution II clinical trail. This trial will study up 150 patients with moderate to severe mitral regurgitation and heart failure in Europe and Canada, and we expect to begin enrollment before the end of the year. Now I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Thanks Mike. In addition to the strong sales as Mike and Don have already discussed, I am pleased to highlight that excluding last year's special gain, our diluted earnings per share grew more than 20% during the quarter. As previously announced during the quarter we discontinued securitizing our U.S. accounts receivable, resulting in a $50 million reduction in our free cash flow. Terminating our U.S. program was a financing decision and did not affect our working capital. Our balance sheet remains strong with our cash and short-term investments exceeding our total debt. For the third quarter our gross profit margin 65.4% compared to 65.3% in the same period last year. This nominal increase resulted from a more profitable product mix which was largely offset by the temporary impact of foreign exchange hedges and contract manufacturing. In the fourth quarter we expect our growth profit margin to increase 200 basis points sequentially to approximately 67.5% as a result of our strengthening product mix and improving foreign exchange hedge outcome. For the full year 2008 we expect gross profit margin to be approximately 66%. Looking forward based on the continued strengthening of our product mix, we continue to expect the gross profit margin to exceed 70% within the next few years. Third quarter SG&A expenses were 39.3% of sales or $119 million. The $16 million increase versus last year was due primarily to a significant impact in foreign exchange, higher levels of sales related spending for the SAPIEN launch in Europe, and compensation expenses related primarily to our strong sales performance. In the fourth quarter, we expect SG&A to be nearly flat in dollars, while SG&A as a percentage of sales is expected to decline to approximately 38%. For the full year 2008, we continue to expect SG&A to be between 38% and 39% of sales. R&D investments in the quarter were $35 million or 11.6% of sales compared to $31 million last year. This increase in spending was focused primarily on our surgical and Transcatheter Valve program as well as our Critical Care development effort. For the full year 2008, we continued to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be approximately 11.5%. For the third quarter our reported tax rate was 24.5% compared to 25% a year ago. This quarter's rate benefited from the favorable results of our 2007 U.S. tax filing. In addition, as a result of recent renewal of the Federal R&D Tax Credit, our fourth quarter rate will be significantly lower and our full year 2008 rate excluding special items will be approximately 24%. FX rates positively impacted third quarter reported sales by approximately $11 million versus the prior year. As a result of the change in foreign exchange rates since our last earnings call, reported sales were approximately $4 million less than we expected and the bottom line effect was $0.02 to $0.03. Excluding the impact of terminating our U.S. securitization program, free cash flow generated during the third quarter with $52 million, which we define as cash flow from operating activities of $64 million minus CapEx of $12 million. For the full year, we continued to expect free cash flow to be at the upper end of our $155 million to $165 million goal excluding the impact of terminating our U.S. securitization program. In the third quarter we repurchased $1.2 million shares for approximately $71 million. Given the current stock price, we expect fully diluted shares outstanding to be approximately $58 million in the fourth quarter. On the balance sheet, total debt at September 30th was $203 million. At the same time, we had a cash and short-term investment balance of $215 million. Including receivables in our securitization program, day sales outstanding for the quarter was 69 days. Inventories at the end of the quarter were $144 million. For the third quarter, domestic sales grew 15% to $136 million and international sales grew 17% to $168 million. Turning to sales guidance, as a result of the dramatic changes in the foreign exchange rates particularly the weakening of the euro relative to the dollar in the last 90 days, we now expect full year total sales to be at the low end of our previous $1.24 billion to $1.28 billion range. While current foreign exchange rates are expected to negatively impact the fourth quarter sales by approximately $15 million, compared to our previous guidance, we see no change to the strength of our business and our underlying growth rate expectations remain unchanged. For Heart Valve Therapy, we expect 2008 sales to finish within the lower end of our $605 million to $625 million guidance range. This includes Transcatheter Valve sales that surpass $50 million. In Critical Care, we expect total annual sales to be at the low end of our previous $455 million to $475 million range. In Cardiac Surgery Systems, we continued to expect 2008 sales to be between $85 million to $95 million. And lastly in Vascular, we expect total annual sales to be between $85 million to $95 million which includes contract manufacturing of stents. All of these projections assume foreign currencies remain at current levels. For fourth quarter 2008, we're projecting a total sales of $305 million to $325 million including the adverse impact of foreign exchange to our last guidance of about $15 million. We estimate that our fourth quarter 2008 diluted EPS will be between $0.75 and $0.79. We are raising the bottom of our full year range by $0.02 to between $2.52 to $2.08 special items. This represents the 2008 EPS growth rate at approximately 20%. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mike
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom. We're continuing to drive strong growth in our core franchises. Our product lines are generally not susceptible to weakening consumer spending and our underlying sales growth rate expectations remain unchanged. 2008 is shaping up to be an excellent year with strong earnings growth momentum really accelerating in the second half. We're very pleased with our Transcatheter sales ramp in Europe and expect full year sales results will surpass our previous guidance even with a weaker Euro. And importantly, from a long term perspective, the impressive clinical results reported on our Edwards SAPIEN valve in Europe continue to improve and our Transcatheter Valve platform represents a truly transformation of long term growth opportunity. Before we open it up to questions, I'd like to remind you about our 2008 Investor Conference which will be held in New York on Thursday, December 11th. At this event we will provide an update on our new technologies as well as a detailed financial outlook for 2009. We've also lined up leading clinicians who will share their experiences with our Transcatheter Valve technologies. Additional details will be sent out shortly. And with that I will turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. In order to allow everyone a chance to participate we ask that you limit the number of questions and if you have additional questions please re-enter the queue and we'll take as many as we can during the remainder of the call. Operator we're ready to take the questions Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from David Lewis with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, David.
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Mike, could you talk about two things, one transfemoral transapical mix at the end of the third quarter and I also wonder if you could give us even qualitatively from the second to third quarter, how did growth trends look like on the transapical arm and transfemoral arm from second to third quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Broadly, David, the mix transfemoral transapical is about 60% transapical to 40% transfemoral. And that's pretty similar, I think for the second and third quarter. I think in terms of growth rates from second to third quarter, I think we reported in the third quarter, we had around implants of 350 and in the fourth quarter, we had implants around 400. We think that's pretty impressive growth considering that it is the seasonably weak quarter. There really is a hiatus during August. We saw things pickup nicely in September. So you can sort of do the math here in terms of what that does for both transfemoral and transapical growth.
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Okay, Mike if... on a relative basis, if you had to say which arm was stronger in the third versus the second, was it transapical or transfemoral?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say the mix state-of-art is same, so they both picked up, I would say very similarly David.
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And just look at your Heart Valve business, it looks like from second to third quarter, the business... the growth rates were largely flattish... should we expect a reacceleration into the fourth quarter with the new product launch?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Don, why don't you take that one?
Donald E. Bobo, Jr. - Corporate Vice President, Heart Valve Therapy: Hi, David. This is Don. As I said in the call, we got to prove it late in the third quarter... and so we do more growth than we experienced in the third quarter. So that does represent in the U.S. an acceleration in the growth rate in the fourth quarter
.:
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Okay, last question and I'll jump back in queue. I may have missed it, but on the medical management on Mike, could you give an updated enrollment number for that arm, has the time lines for fourth quarter changed?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We typically don't give enrollment by arm, David, we just give total enrollment. So, I think we said more than 450, I want to say the precise number that was reported was like 456 for the trial at this point in time, that is the end of September.
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: But you expect to continue enrollment or complete enrollment for the medical margin [ph] in the fourth quarter still?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, what we said is yes, Cohort B we said we expect it to be around year around
.:
David Lewis - Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Larry Biegelsen with Wachovia. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for taking my call.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Larry.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets: First, Tom, R&D tax credit wasn't in the original guidance, is that right?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: One more time Larry, which grade are you referring to?
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets: Your R&D tax credit wasn't in the original guidance.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: No, absolutely not.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets: And my math adds about $0.03 from the prior guidance but you raised low-end of your guidance by about $0.02, is my math accurate?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Well, yes. We lowered the low-end by $0.02 and the impact is roughly about $0.03, but you can keep in mind that we also had the foreign exchange that was going the other way.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think he meant to say, we raised our low-end by bottom of this area?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: I'm sorry, so we raised. So that part's correct Larry. I just... when we look at the fourth quarter and we look at the pluses and minuses we had $15 million upside, we are very pleased with the outcome of our hedging program, but there's a sense too that comes to the bottom line. So I look at that and the tax upside is sort of evening out and I'm happy under these conditions to say we're sticking and taking the guidance. So did you follow it Larry. So, you know we had... so at the same time we get the improvement from R&D we have a lowering of sales forces the last time we gave guidance, right.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets: I got it, thanks. And regarding the U.S. partner trial; a lot of people including the speaker through analyst meeting the other day have been concerned that the patients on medical management in Cohort B, will do too well and there won't be enough deaths to 12 months to show significant difference between medical management and SAPIEN. Do you think this is a legitimate concern, and if you don't have enough deaths to 12 months does the trial continue until there is at least 150 deaths and does this increase the likelihood that this trial succeeds in your view?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, thanks Larry. Let me try to take that on sort of multi faceted. First of all as it relates to that group of patient that's one of the things that's on melanin, so we really don't know how that group is going to do. But at the same time, we're probably having better clinical results in our SAPIEN treated patients than we anticipated when we designed the trial. So overall, we're very comfortable with the trial design. As I tried to mention in my comments, remember the partner trial measures, both mortality and patient benefits like quality life and functional improvements. So we think that would all get considered and we really expect SAPIEN to distinguish itself in terms of what it does for patients. In terms of the 150 tests, we really don't think that's going to come into play, Larry I think that's more of a safeguard that's out there, that's not going to be relevant. We think that timelines that we provided are consistent with what we believe is going to happen in terms of approvals.
Unidentified Analyst: And lastly, valves per center per month on the last call you said is about three to four, how did that compare in the third quarter. Did it increase or decrease?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Could you repeat that again, Larry, I'm not sure we understood it.
Unidentified Analyst: Valves per center per month. I think you said about three to four in the second quarter. Was that consistent in the third quarter or did it increase or decrease?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say it's unchanged. It's still pretty consistent, three to four. We don't know that we said that there were around 50 centers in planning in the second quarter and the third.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jason Mills with Canaccord Adams. Please state your question.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Thanks, Mike, Tom, Dave for taking the question. Mike, the underlined sales growth for U.S. Surgical was a bit better than expectations. Not withstanding, you didn't have Magna Mitral, it was I think 4% you said right, versus 0% to 2% of your original expectations. Just wondering if you could give us a sense for where you are seeing it go in the fourth quarter. You mentioned Don, that you expect it to accelerate but I assume modestly, so perhaps you could give us a little bit more granularity and your expectations for underlying Heart Valve sales growth in the U.S. in the fourth quarter? And then I know you probably not prepared to talk specifically about 2009 but directionally, could you give us some color on where you expect underlying U.S. growth to be in 2009, given that you won't have comp to Magna Mitral until the third quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Jason. Since we've got Don here, why don't we let Don take this on?
Donald E. Bobo, Jr. - Corporate Vice President, Heart Valve Therapy: Hey, Jason. Thanks for the question. So as you think about, first of all going back to Q3, we do feel pretty good about how the business performed in the U.S. given the late approval of this product and as we look at Q4, we do expect Magna Mitral to contribute to the quarter say $2 million to $3 million. And then as we go in to 2009 we have a couple of other products that will be coming out. I mentioned Physio II in the script and we also are very hopeful the Magna Ease product receives approval. So 2009 is a year that we expect, we will continue to see more growth, more momentum in the U.S. and probably in December at the investors conferences where we will bring the life exactly, how we're framing 2009 and what we would expect.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: That's perfect. Just two quick follow-ups. One, I suppose for Mike and then one for Tom. Mike, your Critical Care business is now starting to bump up against some more challenging comps given your significant growth rates over the last fourth quarter. Could you give us some thoughts on the trajectory of growth in that business in Q4 and perhaps directionally in 2009? And for Tom, you said that... I think you said free cash flow guidance, you expect to be in the upper end of your original range for 2008, could you also give us some thoughts on what you're planning for 2009 on that front, and then an update on where you stand on the share buyback as well? Thanks guys.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jason. First on Critical Care, you will recall that when we started 2008, we gave guidance that we thought Critical Care would grow in the 8% to 10% growth rate. And for the first couple of quarters of the year it actually exceeded 10. This quarter was 9. We expected to stay in that 8% to 10% growth range. We had a strong fourth quarter last year, so you're right, comparisons are tough, but we still see the business operating at a very high level, there's great momentum, this was in FloTrac. And we really don't have anything more to change in terms of going forward. Does that answer the critical care question, then I'll turn it over to Tom.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Yes. You can see a pretty stable business as you move into 2009 at 8% to 10% level at this point?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We do, we haven't changed anything there.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Okay.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: And Jason regards to cash flow, we don't typically get dollar guidance but there's no reason, there's nothing unusual this year that would cause me to think of it any differently than in the past then I would expect it to grow right along with earnings in a similar percentage and then we come out with that that will all be consistent. Share buyback, I'm particularly proud of where we are at this point. We've exceeded all the expectations that we put out at the beginning of the year. We purchased somewhere in the neighborhood of 6 million shares for the first three quarters which... with the 58 million will end the year, that's about 4 million share improvement of where we ended 2007. So we obviously remain very bullish on the shares.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Kristen Stewart with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Hi, good evening. Just wondering if you could you talk a little bit about the number of centers that you've added? Previously looking to add kind of three to five a month, and I know now you're looking at five; you were at 50, now you're at 70, I think that was kind of around where you were targeting originally at the onset of the year. So can you just talk about what's kind of going a little better than expected, and I have to imagine when you bring a new center on board, you're feeling pretty good about the outlook from the reimbursement standpoint. So, any comments on that would be helpful?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, what we said is that we'll expect to plan... to add more than five centers a month for the remainder of the year. So part of what's going on here is we have increased our capabilities because we've added a second center that does training... our training capability has gone up. And we're... we have a good understanding on how to do this, we've maintained our high standard that says that we really would expect that... to have the ability to purchase valves before we train them and add them to the program. But the other thing I will add is, where it's a very first quarter of the year we had the track things like training centers, it was one of the few leading indicators we have on how sales were going to go. At this point, its probably getting a little bit more complicated. You have some centers that are just excelling on their enrolment and others that are going slow, and so the mix is changing to some extent. But the center addition continues to be one that will drive growth and it continues to be a very, lets say popular amongst European Centers the one will be added to this technology.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Okay and just the higher guidance for the full year for Transcatheter Valve with just the additional centers that are coming online and continued optimism on the underlying procedure growth rate?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. It is a combination of both. We are just real pleased with the ramp. One of the things that I think is noteworthy and I don't know if everybody keeps track of this but when we consider how much the euro has changed here that's probably a 10% change in itself to not only to hit the top end or exceed the top end of the range really says that it is continuing to grow very well, even better than we expected right along the way. So, we are pleased with our sales force ramping in Europe and there are going to be more centers doing it and probably doing the case is a bit more.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: And then just real quickly for Tom, foreign exchange, I know you touched upon it but what can we expect, you are not going to get 2009, but obviously can you just talk a little bit about your hedges, you commented there is a little bit of headwind impacting earnings this quarter, how much is impacting the 4Q and what can we expect in broad terms for '09?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: You know, for 2009 what I can give is just a general as we don't have the sales detail out and so forth but I would estimate somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 million headwind from currencies from where they stand today. In the fourth quarter versus our prior guidance we probably saw about 15 in sales negative impact as a result of those currencies, but the hedge program is in great shape for the quarter and have a nice... looks like they produce the nice results if everything works the way we think, and it should be very minimal on the bottom line, very minimal. And next year we are also pleased that we would continue to maintain a hedging program this year that's composed of both forward and collars and the rates what we generally do is we go one year in advance. So if you are looking at Q1, you can look at the prior Q1 and get a good idea of where the rates are going to go. And GP obviously, what's happened and what we are predicting in Q4 is a bit of alleviation of the hedge contract that we've been dealing with all the years finally lifting in the first quarter to be essentially negligible.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: : The next question is coming from Mike Weinstein with JP Morgan. Please state your question.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. I guess a couple of questions on SAPIEN, you commented that the transfemoral and transapical had shifted now to about 60% transapical, can you give us a sense of where you think that is going to be in a quarter or two, that is going to keep shifting in that direction and then what can you do in the short term to offset the core valve size, I know they commented at TCT, that they were up sequentially in the third quarter? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, actually we do not expect a big shift in terms of that mix Mike going forward. We think that the transapical seems to be going even better in sales than we thought, it is popular, one surgeon and there is a lot of surgeon support. So, that's going well. Transfemoral is going well also, but clearly the profile is an issue especially with the sick group of patients and so the smaller profile is preferred by cardiologists at this point and it is one of the reasons why we are very excited about moving forward with SAPIEN XT. Because we think that at that point when we have that available with clinicians it puts them in a position where they won't have to compromise between profile and valve performance.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: And so is there anything you think that, that might I guess change the current pace. It just looks like just [indiscernible] that you are seeing a sequential growth in your transfemoral business, euro growth is covering the transapical businesses is the only way to take back some of that transfemoral business between now and mid 2010?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we haven't lost transfemoral business if that is what you are wondering here. I mean we have had growth in transfemoral, it is just that I would think that there is more transfemoral share today that is with core valve than it is with us. We think the strength of our results pretty much speak for themselves. We're experiencing some nice growth. Remember that transapical happened after transfemoral so you had some pent up demand and part of that, part of what you're seeing right now and just the shift was just that coming into play but, we really like our chances in transfemoral to be a share leader in the long run. We think we're very well positioned to do that.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: Yes, the question or two some of the partner trial. Marty, may this had the slide which Larry was asking a bit about earlier, where the primary end point for Cohort B appears to have changed, from 12 month mortality to the later 12 month mortality or 150 death which would be 43% mortality rate for that arm of the study. When did that occur?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, there hasn't been any changes in the partner trial. The change in the partner trial occurred back when we added transapical. Remember that was about a year ago now. I guess it was at the investor conference, that we lightened that all out when we talked about it and we really haven't had any changes to the partner trials since then Mike.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: So that 150 death possibility as end point, that was incorporated when you made the changes last December-January?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, to the best of my knowledge, this one is really an obscure one Mike and we don't expect it to really be a factor in this whole equation.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: And my last question is I guess is why not, why don't you think there will be 42% of patients dead and Cohort Billion by 12 months?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Remember its not just in 12 months its all the cumulative experience, and the short answer is, yes, yes we do.
Michael Weinstein - JP Morgan: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Mike.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup. Please state your question.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Hi, good afternoon, I wanted to ask question about reimbursement. I know you said that interims through 2009 you don't have a reimbursement secured, but could you give us a better... could you give us a feel for which countries have done a better job of securing '09 reimbursement and which have higher hurdle rates?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we know this is an area of high interest Amit, we're just not prepared at this point to layout country level detail on reimbursement. But when we get to our Investor Conference in December, we'll try and provide some more visibility on that. It's possible for us to even have a country come in towards the end of '09 or two, we're working hard on that, it's a high priority, but we're trying to indicate that there is a bulk of countries probably put formal reimbursement in place in 2010.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Maybe I can just get two more in then, question for Don, Physio II, you indicated that there is some changes you need to make with the accessories? What are different about the accessories for Physio II versus the other disease specific range, and then if you could also just give us an update on the progress with the FDA for the SFA indication for LifeStent, maybe just indication of the dialogue you are having with them? Thanks.
Donald E. Bobo, Jr. - Corporate Vice President, Heart Valve Therapy: Alright. Let me go ahead and take the Physio II questions and maybe Mike, you can take the SFA, PMA question. So, going back at Physio II is an important product for us, because it really goes out the biggest segment of mitral valve degenerative segment, as we had a chance to get some usage with some of our closest physician partners in this product. They identified the way the ring is sized. So the accessory is the size in some of the larger sizes of the ring, were not optimal. So we made the call to step back and actually modify two or three of the sizes for the largest size rings, so that has physicians pick this up, they're able to have an easy time sizing the ring to disease. So it was... it came out of an experience we had with some of our KOL's and we made to call the stop and fix it, before we broadened it to more physicians.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And LifeStent, because this product line has been sold to Baird and it's far more material to them then it is to us at this point. We really think that future guidance should be provided by them and I'd encourage you to talk to them about it. I'll just add that we are highly aligned. I think they're very anxious to get the product line and have it approved. And we are anxious to have them get it. We would just assume discontinue our contract manufacturing and have them take that over as well. So we're working together in a very positive way but we let them give back guidance.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: You are responsible though for the PMA, correct?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. That's what was in the contract?
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Choi with Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking the questions. If we can go back to SAPIEN for a moment, can you breakout what the clinical trial sales were versus the commercial? And secondly, with respect to the European market next year, given that hospital funding is starting to tighten up a little bit. I am sure many hospitals have sort of planned for this for next year. But can you forecast what you think a potential market growth rate could be in 2009? I think you guys mentioned 25% so far for this year.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Yes. So Paul, I would say this year most of the sales obviously was Europe. If you say, Abate, what was outside Europe? That was about $1 million. That's a combination of what happened in the partner trial in Canada et cetera. In terms of what we are trying to represent by that 25%, we would say the European market, which typically grows at 3% to 5%. If you take our sales plus what we think we hear about what per valve sales are and combine that, we would say the European market has accelerated to around the 25% growth rate. That's been the case since I don't know probably second quarter of this year. We would expect that to continue for some time. I can't give you exact projections. We're really going to work this hard during our planning process, and we'll have that in place to be able to discuss in greater detail by the time we get to the December investor conference.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you for that. And then for Tom, a question on the guidance. I think you said SG&A in Q4 would be flat on a dollar basis. Is that relative to sequentially to Q3? Is that what you meant?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Yes that is, Paul.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then in terms of SG&A, I think year-to-date, it's grown about 19% versus last year where as your top line has grown about 16%, and it's averaging about 38.8% not quite 39% of sales. How do you realize to continue this sort of spend level in terms of supporting safety. Is there any [indiscernible].
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: We try to obviously... we're signaling in the direction you're interested and that is, is that as a percentage of sales we see a definite decrease coming in Q4. We'll give more guidance next year but we're pretty much feeling that we hit a high watermark. And if you looked all the way back to last year, we were very specific in the Q2 earnings release and we talked about investing. The investment really showed up, for the first time, in a significant way with Q4 last year. I'm happy to say if you take the guidance range that we gave you and you took it as a percentage increase over prior year, you start to see some big leverage come through as soon as next quarter. I think we're in the mid 30's in terms of earnings growth on fourth quarter over the prior year.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you for that.
Operator: Our next question is from Larry Biegelsen with Wachovia Securities. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets: Hi, thanks for taking my follow-up. Tom, one for you on the tax rate 24% in a way, is that a good number to use for '09 and beyond? And I just have one other question.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Well, Larry as you asked me earlier, we generally can't put the R&D tax credit until it's approved and each year it ends up being... just a two-year one until that's two year one. So I guess that would be the same, and I'm trying to think it's provisioned, it's a lot of moving pieces. I think there is no reason to see a big fluctuation year-over-year. I'd say I'll give guidance in a few weeks Larry, on taxes; it's a little complex to take a guess for a full year.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets: Okay. And secondly, again on the partner trial. How will the transapical data in cohort A, the partner trial be evaluated by FDA, if according to the slide that Marty presented last Monday, it said it may not be pullable or to be pullable if possible with the transfemoral data and if not powered independently, according to Marty slide. I'm sorry to ask such a detailed complicated question. But I hope you've seen this slide that I am talking about.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think I know what you are referring to, in the cohort A of the trial, the way the trial was designed, Larry is, you combine the transapical and the transfemoral results. And so you are comparing the control in those two different cerebellum methods with the actual valve patients in those two delivery methods. And if those combined results that get evaluated for the ultimate approval of the process. There is an opportunity to do subset analysis to be able to look at those independents but the approval is was driven by combining the transfemoral and the transapical.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Capital Markets: Thank you.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Kristen Stewart with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: I think straight on a follow up. I think I could break out what flow tract was in a quarter and I believe you had some new upgrades that you are rolling out over the summer. And just maybe update on the status on where those are and kind of where you see the business?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Let me try... let me try and dig up that number. Flow tract, remember for the full year what we were projecting is that flow tract would generate around $50 million in sales. We had a really good quarter, again, in the third quarter. I think it would have probably been above the average that is of Q1 and Q2. So we're very much on track with the $50 million for the full year. So, a nice gross rate. We have rolled out one of the... some software enhancement, but the bigger software enhancement is really going to come later around. It's going to come towards the end of this year. We've decided to roll a few things together to make it more impactful. So starting the end of this year, going into the first quarter will be the more impactful rollout of software that really affects the ICU patients.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Okay. I'm sorry if I missed this on Magna Mitral but have you guys quantified if you are pricing on a premium and what that premium level is and how their reception has been through account?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, let me take this over to Don.
Donald E. Bobo, Jr. - Corporate Vice President, Heart Valve Therapy: Hi, Kristen. Actually yes, this is being priced to the premium as we've been out there just relatively short period of time. The response has been very solid from accounts, from physicians who have used it and we have prices at a premium 10% to 20%.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Okay. Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Okay. Well, thanks for your continued interest in Edwards and Tom and David and I will take any additional questions by telephone and with that, back to you, David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephone replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use account number 2995 and passcode 288895. I'll repeat those numbers 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 are the telephone numbers. The account number is 2995 and the passcode is 288895. Finally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - VP, IR Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and CEO Thomas M. Abate - Corporate VP, CFO and Treasurer Larry L. Wood - Corporate VP, Transcatheter Valve Replacement
Analysts: Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Securities Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Charlie Chong - Goldman Sachs Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company Joshua Zable - Natexis Bleichroeder
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome the Edwards Lifesciences second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson. You may begin.
David K. Erickson - Vice President Investor Relations: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our second quarter 2008 financial results. During our call today, we'll focus our prepared remarks on information that complements the material included in the press release and financial schedules, and then allocate the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO, Tom Abate, CFO and Treasurer, and Larry Wood, Corporate Vice President, Transcathther Valve Replacement. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I would like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include but aren't limited to sales, gross profit margin, net income, earnings per share and free cash flow goals for 2008, the regulatory approval and sales of Heart Valve Therapy products including Magna Mitral and Magna Ease, the competitive dynamics and fundamentals of the heart valve market, the continued adoption, expected sales and product enhancements of the FloTrac system, the timing, progress and results of the partner clinical trial, the market opportunity for transcatheter technologies and the adoption in Europe and expected 2008 sales of the Edwards SAPIEN valve. Although we believe them to be reasonably statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements may be found in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2007 and our other SEC filings which are available on our website at edwards.com. With that, I will turn the call to Mike Mussallem. Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David. We are very pleased to be reporting strong second quarter results, with all of our franchises achieving double-digit sales growth. This quarter was highlighted by notable results from our safety and transcatheter heart valves with better than expected sales of $13.6 million and continued impressive procedural success. Now; turning to results. On a reported basis total sales for the quarter grew 20% to $328 million and grew 13.3% on an underlying basis. Currency helped sales this quarter, while discontinued businesses slightly trimmed the underlying rate. Before I provide a more detailed review of our sales results, Larry Wood, Corporate Vice President of Transcathther Valve Replacement, will discuss the quarterly sales results and provide an update on our U.S. Partner Trial. Following my remarks, Tom will review the financial results. With that I would like to introduce Larry Wood. Larry.
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: Thanks Mike. I am very pleased to have the opportunity to report a strong quarter in sales in Europe, along with significant progress in our U.S. Partner clinical trial. Starting with our Transcathther Heart Valve sales, second quarter global sales exceeded our expectations at $13.6 million, nearly all of which was in Europe, with the remainder from the U.S. Clinical trial in Canada. Continued high procedure of success, combined with the expansion in acute centers, drove increased procedures and sales. In Europe during the second quarter, we implanted 350 valves, which is more than double the number of implants we had in the first quarter. Our selling price remained within our expected range of 15,000 euro to 22,000 euros. Our sales are increasingly driven by implants and less from initial stocking orders. We saw the implant to sales rate increase to nearly 80% in the second quarter, compared to about 50% in the first quarter. We've expanded from having more than 30 centers performing cases in the first quarter to having 50 centers performing cases during the second quarter. There are still many centers eager to join our program and we've expanded our training capabilities. We expect to continue to add at least 5 centers for the remainder of the year. I am very pleased to report that our year to date and our year to date commercial sales, the combined acute procedural success rate remained higher around 95%. With the transfemoral rate a little higher than the transapical approach. This is likely driven by the transfemoral approach being less invasive of the two procedures and the transapical patients tend to be sicker of the two groups. We believe our high acute procedural success rate is a direct result of our clinician's dedication to success and our world class training program. Just as a reminder, the acute procedural success rate that we report each quarter is focused on the procedural results. Specifically that the case was performed when the valve was placed and that it was functioning properly immediately post procedure. And regard to the 30 day and one year survival rates even patients that have a successful procedure are going to have significant mortality over time due to their advanced aging capabilities. Remember, the limited historical data suggests these types of patients have mortality rates between 30% and 50% in one year if left untreated. Regarding reimbursement, we expect most European countries to establish formal reimbursement in 2010. In the meantime, funding for procedures is a complex issue that is account and country specific. Although interim funding is not assured, we are pleased that hospitals are currently able to fund these procedures and we expect this to continue while as we make progress toward formal reimbursement. Based on our momentum in Europe, we are now increasing our global transcatheter heart valve sales guidance to between $45 million to $50 million for the full year. We expect third quarter transcatheter valve sales to be less than sales reported in the second quarter due to the normal seasonality of procedures in Europe. Turning to the U.S. partner trial, we now have 16 centers that are actively enrolling patients. At the end of June, we had over 300 patients enrolled in the partner trial which is right on track with the time line we presented our investor conference in December. By the end of 2008, we anticipate having 600 patients enrolled. We continue to believe our progress in the U.S. gives us at least a two year lead over the next closest competitor. During the second quarter, we had our first patient received a SAPIEN valve with the Ascendra delivery system within the partner trial. And our participating centers are in the process of adding Ascendra. This addition to the trial will give cardiac surgeons the opportunity to partner in this transformational technology and most importantly it will allow us to address even more patients. We are continuing our dialogue with the European regulatory agencies regarding the trial design for our next generation of transcatheter heart valve. We plan to start the trial before the end of the year in support of a mid 2010CE mark. We continue to anticipate that this will be a nonrandomized trial comparable to the study design of our first generation technology. Last quarter we began our 30 patient U.S. feasibility trial of the SAPIEN valve in the pulmonic position. To date we have performed seven cases and continue to enroll patients in this trial. At ECCS which is the European Cardiac Surgery Meeting in September and the PCC meeting in October, there will be a number of presentations on the Edwards SAPIEN valve. The data will include the latest follow-up on the early feasibility study and in addition we will be providing 30 day follow-up from our post approval registry from the European commercial launch. We also expect to perform live cases at both meetings. I look forward to reporting our continued progress. Now I will turn the call back over to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Larry. Reported sales for heart valve therapy were $163 million for the second quarter, an increase of 23.8% which included a $10 million contribution from foreign exchange. On an underlying basis growth was 17.2% for the quarter, led once again by strong performance in international regions including transcatheter heart valves in Europe. In the U.S., valve sales growth increased to approximately 5% driven by both units and price. We're particularly pleased to see this progress in advance of our new product launches. Outside of the U.S., our base heart valve business continued to achieve strong double digit underlying sales growth driven by the expanding adoption of our magna heart valve platform. The strong uptake of our SAPIEN valve in Europe exceeded our expectations and was the primary driver of sales growth. This technology is generating additional market growth in Europe as patients who were previously untreated now have more options for therapy. The introduction of transcatheter heart valves has dramatically lifted market growth in Europe from its historical rate of 3% to 5% to approximately 25%. Turning to Magna Mitral. During the second quarter we submitted our response to the FDA regarding the incremental testing and analysis that they had requested. We believe that all of the FDA's questions have been addressed and continue to remain optimistic for a U.S. introduction during the third quarter of 2008. With regard to Magna Ease we are waiting for additional clarification on the Magna Mitral approval before submitting our response to the FDA's questions. We continue to anticipate a U.S. launch for Magna Ease in 2009 pending regulatory approval. Based on this valve's performance in Europe, we expect that Magna Ease will surpass Magna and become the market leading valve. In Japan, we received regulatory and reimbursement approval for our Magna aortic valve during the second quarter. We introduced this valve in June and are very pleased with our first month's performance. We expect this product will accelerate our growth rate in Japan in the second half of 2008, and based on this valve superior patient benefits we believe it will quickly become the number one heart valve in Japan. Turning to repair, sales growth in the quarter continued in the mid single digits led by our disease specific products. As planned, we unveiled our Physio II ring at AATS Conference in May and are pleased with the enthusiastic clinician response. We expect U.S. implants to begin in the third quarter and have moved up the European launch from 2009 into the fourth quarter. Our new Physio II ring represents the next generation repair product for degenerative mitral disease which is the largest segment in repair and where we've experienced the most competitive activity. And turning to Cardiac Surgery Systems. Reported sales for the quarter increased 54.6% to $24 million, primarily due to the continued strong performance of the CardioVations MIS product line. CardioVations grew over 20% on a pro forma basis, as we increased penetration into existing accounts and introduced MIS therapies into new accounts. In addition, our base cannula products were up about 5% on an underlying basis. We were pleased to have fully integrated the CardioVations product line into our Cardiac Surgery Systems franchise. We fully retained the CardioVations sales force, improved product quality, and increased manufacturing capacity to meet the rising product demand. CardioVations offers real synergies with our heart valve business and we are committed to leading the way in developing MIS valve products. Now; turning to our Critical Care business. For the second quarter Critical Care reported $117 million in sales, up 19.7% which included an $8 million contribution from foreign exchange. Once again, the underlying sales growth rate exceeded 10%. Sales of new products led by FloTrac continue to be the biggest growth driver this quarter. In addition, our growth is becoming more diversified with increased adoption of PreSep, strong performance in emerging markets, and share gains on our pressure monitoring and hemofiltration products. Our dual pronged strategy of increasing innovation and improving operational execution, has transformed Critical Care from a low single-digit growth business to an 8% to 10% franchise in the last few years. We believe this strategy will provide Edwards with a sustainable competitive advantage. Our most recent innovations are being well received. We are creating new market opportunities for FloTrac. During the second quarter, we released an enhancement that provides additional information in the operating room. Our next significant introduction is a substantial upgrade that enables this distance to provide enhancements targeted for the medical ICU. This innovation will continue to broaden the application of FloTrac. During the quarter sales of PreSep, our innovative central venous oximetry catheter for early detection of sepsis continue to ramp up. Detection and treatment of sepsis remains a clinical challenge, and PreSep is gaining adoption. In addition, PediaSat is our venous oximetry system for pediatric patients continues to be well received. The second element of our strategy is also contributing to our success. Improvements in our operational execution have enabled us to continue to take share in pressure monitoring products and hemofiltration. And recently, we initiated US sales of our hemofiltration products through distributor. These products contributed almost half of Critical Care's total growth. Total reported sales of vascular products were $25 million this quarter consistent with our expectations. Sales of our high margin based-vascular products experienced a small decline to $14 million. We are continuing to pursue the PMA approval for LifeStent and continue to anticipate receiving an SFA indication by the end of this year. Turning to transcatheter mitral repair. At EuroPCR in May, one year follow-up data from the Evolution I, feasibility study of our Monarc system was presented. The earlier results are encouraging and are prompting us to move forward with the Evolution II study. We look forward to providing additional details about the trial design at the upcoming TCT conference. Before we move to a discussion of our financial results, I would like to update you on the defense of our transcatheter heart valve patents. As you recall, we initiated litigation against CoreValve in Germany and in the US, and they countered by challenging the Andersen patent with a lawsuit in the UK. The UK trial was recently completed and we are awaiting a decision. In the mean time, we are preparing for our next proceeding in Germany scheduled for September. We believe in the strength of our broad transcatheter patent portfolio, and are committed to vigorously protecting our valuable intellectual property, as well as the interests of our clinician and inventors. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you, Mike. In addition to the strong sales that Mike and Larry have already discussed, I am pleased to highlight our strong earnings. Our second quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.66 which was the top of our previous guidance range. Reported earnings per diluted share for the second quarter were $0.67. During the quarter, we fully retired our convertible debenture which has brought our debt to capital ratio to historical low level of less than 14%. In addition, our balance sheet is stronger than ever with our cash position now exceeding our remaining debt. For the second quarter, our gross profit margin was 65.5% compared to 65.3% in the same period last year. This increase resulted from a more profitable product mix which was largely offset by the temporary impact of FX hedges and contract manufacturing. As a result of these items, along with incremental investments in quality systems, we now expect full year 2008 gross profit margin improvement to be between 50 and 100 basis points. Also, I will remind you that our foreign hedge exchange... our foreign exchange hedges will continue to suppress the gross profit margin through the third quarter. Looking forward, based on the strength of our improving product mix we continue to expect our gross profit margin to exceed 70% within the next few years. Second quarter SG&A expense were 38.6% of sales or $126 million. The $25 million increase versus last year was due primarily to a significant impact from foreign exchange, expected higher levels of sales related spending including the SAPIEN launch in Europe and compensation expense related to our strong sale performance. For the full year 2008, we expect SG&A to remain at approximately 38% to 39% of sales. R&D investments in the quarter were $35 million or 10.8% of sales, compared to $29 million last year. The increase level of spending was focused primarily on our transcatheter and surgical valve program as well as our critical care development efforts. As result of stronger sales performance, we now expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be between 11% and 11.5% for 2008. During the quarter, we recorded a special gain of $800,000 representing the reversal of previously accrued severance costs. For the second quarter, our reported tax rate was 23.8% compared to 25.4% a year ago. Excluding special items, our second quarter rate was 24% resulting in a year-to-date tax rate of 25%. We expect this new lower tax rate to continue for the remainder of this year due to a shift in the geographic mix of our earnings. When compared to the same quarter last year, FX rates positively impacted second quarter reported sales by approximately $20 million. In comparison to the foreign exchange expectation set during our last earnings call, the impact on the top and bottom lines was minimal. Free cash flow generated during the second quarter with $17.4 million, which we define as cash flow from operating activities of $29 million minus CapEx of $11.6 million. In the third quarter, we plan to discontinue securitizing our U.S. accounts receivable. Due to recent changes in the financial markets, these instruments no longer offer us an attractive financing alternative. Although terminating the U.S. program will not affect working capital, it will reduce free cash flow in the third quarter by approximately $50 million. We have a second program in Japan that we plan to retake. For the full year, we continue to expect free cash flow to be at the upper end of our $155 million to $165 million goal, excluding the impact of terminating our U.S. securitization program. As a result of our decision to redeem our $150 million convertible debenture, we issued approximately 2.7 million shares in the quarter. We subsequently repurchased 2.5 million shares for approximately $150 million to largely offset the issuance of these shares. As previously announced our board recently authorized a new $250 million share repurchase program. Given the current stock price, we now expect fully diluted shares outstanding to be approximately 59 million in the second half of the year. On the balance sheet, total debt at June 30 was $142 million, while at the same time we had a cash balance of $188 million. Including receivables in our asset backed securitization programs, day sales outstanding for the quarter was 67 days, a reduction of three days from the prior quarter. Inventories decreased $3 million from the last quarter to $137 million. For the second quarter domestic sales grew 16% to $140 million. And internationally sales grew 24% to $188 million. Turning to 2008 sales guidance, based on our second quarter results and improved outlook for the remainder of this year, we are increasing the midpoint of our full year guidance by $25 million. We expect our full year total sales to be between $1.24 billion to $1.280 billion. This revised range reflects expected performance improvements across all of the company's product lines. For heart valve therapy we are raising our 2008 sales guidance $15 million to between $605 million and $625 million. This includes raising our transcatheter valve assumptions to between $45 million and $50 million. In critical care, we now expect total annual sales to increase $5 million to between $455 million and $475 million. In cardiac surgery systems, we are raising total annual sales by 5 million to be between $85 million and $95 million. Lastly in vascular we now expect total annual sales to increase $5 million to be between $85 and $95 million which includes contract manufacturing of stents. All of these projections assume foreign currencies remain at current levels. For the third quarter 2008 we are projecting total sales of $295 million to $315 million. We estimate the third quarter diluted EPS will be between $0.53 and $0.57. We are increasing the full year estimate by $0.05 to between $2.50 to $2.58 excluding special items. This represents a 2008 EPS growth rate of approximately 20%. With that, I will turn it back over to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom. Overall, we had a very successful first six months and we are expecting a strong second half of the year. We are continuing to drive strong core growth in our franchises and our transcatheter valve platform represents a truly transformational growth opportunity. We look forward to sharing our continued progress with you. Before we open it up to questions, I would like to encourage you to take note of several upcoming events. In October, the TCT meeting will be held in Washington, D.C. At this meeting several clinicians will present their experiences with our transcatheter valve technologies. In addition, we plan to host an analyst meeting, so stay tuned for more details over the next couple of months. Also on Thursday, December 11, we'll host our 2008 investor conference in New York. At this event, we will provide an update on our new technologies, as well as our outlook for 2009, watch for more information about this event later in year. And with that, I will turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President Investor Relations: In order to allow everyone a chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit your questions. If you have additional questions re-enter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can, during the remainder of the call. Operator, we are ready to take questions, please. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Mike Weinstein from JPMorgan. Please state your question.
Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan: Thank you. Good evening. And thanks you for taking the questions. Let me start with just couple items. One, you are obviously continuing to make a lot of traction on your ramp in Europe with the rollout of SAPIEN. Could you just describe for us little bit better the acute success around 95% that you described, just to make sure I understood the description you gave. That's the procedurally success, that doesn't indicate whether or not the patient survived half the initial procedures, is that right?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No. What that means just to clarify is when the case is performed, it means the valve was successfully placed and the valve was functioning appropriately and by all accounts the case was deemed a successful procedure. And we believe that's a leading indicator of how results are going to be in 30 days and further out. But keeping in mind that these patients have a lot of co-morbidity and often those co-morbidity can lead to mortality that are can truly unrelated to the valve procedure itself.
Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan: Okay. Let me ask just two other quick ones, first one is a financial question. The gross margins came in lower than people were expecting and highlighted that was due to FX hedges and contract manufacturing. Could you just maybe try and quantify what each of those were to the gross margin line?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Sure, Mike. It's not that far off of the expectations that we had last quarter, and particularly for this quarter. We changed a little bit more was the rest of the year where I now think that the third quarter is probably going to be in this range once again, and then the uptick continuing in the fourth quarter. FX was a small piece contract with a little bit of a difference in this quarter. But as I said, we weren't too far off where we thought we would land and try it to signal in the last call.
Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan: Okay. And one other financial question and then I'll jump back in queue. You talked about the CoreValve litigation, you obviously just went through the trial in the UK and you have a trial ahead of you in Germany. How much are you spending on litigation in terms... how much have hit with that quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think that there was a substantial impact on the quarter, Mike. We are certainly spending money, but I think actually that those... that might even be an accrual.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Now that expenses are capitalized as long as you are defending, your intellectual property, it is not hit the P&L. If you win the case, then its part of your asset base and that would be depreciated over the remaining life, so at this point Mike there is nothing in the P&L for those.
Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan: You're capitalizing your legal expenses?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Correct.
Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan: Okay. I will jump back into queue.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That's pretty normal. We've done this since the beginning in terms of defending intellectual property.
Mike Weinstein - JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Kristen Stewart from Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Hi. Good evening, good afternoon, whichever it is. Just wanted to touch basically, I guess a little bit more on your reference in the commentary there, if you are willing to break out how much of the procedures are really more transapical versus transfemoral? And then just a little bit more contracts around reimbursements outlook, I know you had mentioned several companies... several European countries to re-establish, reimbursement in 2010. I guess to what degree do you still feel comfortable on the run rate going forward during 2009 in absence of that?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Kristen. In terms of TAPF, I think year-to-date our procedures are probably been fairly evenly split between the two and we think that's really one of the strengths of our program is clinician can really decide looking at individual patients what's the best procedure of that individual patient and by having both the technologies available we believe we can treat the vast majority of patients. In terms of reimbursement, we certainly feel confident that in 2010 that the major countries will come on board with reimbursement. In the interim, there still continues to be a tremendous amount of excitement related to centers wanting to get involved in the program and they have been able to secure funding to pay for these procedures and we expect that to continue as we make progress towards formal reimbursement.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: And then any additional color on the European next generation, I know you said mid 2010CE mark. How long they've a follow-up and how they give a study? Are you anticipating to get to that sort of time line?
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: Yeah I don't want to get too deep into that for competitive reasons. We would expect it to be a nonrandomized trial comparable to what we did for the first generation valve and we expect to start that trial before the end of the year. And remember as while we've already done three first [ph] demands with these, so we certainly remain confident around the valve itself. But I don't want to get too deep into the trial design for competitive reasons.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kristen.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Choi with Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking the question and good afternoon, guys. Just a bit on the guidance there with respect to heart valve therapy. If I take the midpoint there and I strip out what was your increased guidance on SAPIEN in Europe, it looks like the growth rate in the back half is slowing down versus to 10% versus... looks like the 13% in the core business, the surgical valve business you reported so far this quarter. Can you maybe comment on what your expectations are in terms of the competitive dynamics in the back half of the year?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Paul. I didn't cut the numbers that way so I don't know exactly how it turns out. But I can tell you certainly how we are feeling and that is we feel quite good right now that we've generated the results we did in the first half. And actually felt like we gained a little bit of momentum here in the U.S. here in the second quarter. Given that we don't have any new product approvals and haven't had that for sometime, and that we've got two competitive launches that we are against that came out in the fourth quarter of last year, we are feeling pretty good. And again, we are optimistic about having Mitral Magna approved in the third quarter. So, we just expect our U.S. performance to step up and frankly expect our international performance in base heart valves to continue as well because, we got that approval in Japan. Maybe the difference is foreign exchange Paul in terms of the way that those numbers work.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you for that. And then maybe just in critical care, I think the UK Health Authority posted a small safety notice for your Fogarty catheter. Can you just comment on whether it's just limited to the UK and what the potential impact of that could be? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah you know what? I'm not fully familiar with exactly what was posted there, Paul. I can tell you I think we've reported the core vascular sales in the quarter was about $14 million that which was a slight decline. And this has been rock solid for us for a long time in terms of what the growth rate of that business is. And so we are not really projecting any change in our performance in the Fogarty catheters.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you for that. I will jump back in queue.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Larry Biegelsen with Wachovia securities. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Securities: Hi, everyone and thanks for taking my question. I'd just like to focus on SAPIEN in Europe. Regarding reimbursement in 2010 is there any change from your expectations from the analyst meeting in December. Is it happening fast or slower than you thought? And Mike, you said at the conference, I think, and correct me if I'm wrong, that you expect the ramp of SAPIEN to continue in 2009. And maybe you could touch upon whether can you continue to add centers in Europe at about five per month through 2009? And is it still your goal to exit 2008 at about 70 centers? I know lot of questions there.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You are right. There is a lot of questions. Let's take them one at a time. Larry, you want to start with the reimbursement question?
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: Sure I think reimbursement is pretty consistent with what we communicated at the Investor Conference. I dont think we have any changes there, I think we are just continuing to work through the process. Reimbursement ultimately is going to be will be driven I think by the procedural success and what the results are and the ultimate cost effect of the procedure and right now we think those all look very, very positive for us.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know, to the others in terms of the number of centers that we expect to finish the year with, I think we said it there are about 50 centers Larry that did procedures in the second quarter. And that we expected to add approximately or more than five per month for the remainder of the year. So we probably end up a little higher than the 70 to 75 number that we gave you last quarter for full year. And in terms of how it's going to go in 2009, everything we know right now says that what the sort of the rate we are on continues. To be able to take it precisely to more than five centers per month, I'm not sure that the math necessarily works like that Larry because it gets... it's a little hard to predict that far out. You never know whether some centers fall out and so forth. So we'll be giving more a precise '09 guidance as we get closer to the year. But right now we think we are on a good trajectory and we don't see a reason why it's going to necessarily stop in 2009.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jason Mills with Canaccord Adams. Please state your question.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Mike thanks for taking the question. I wanted to again wrap on to some questions on SAPIEN. Maybe cutting the animals a little bit here, but what were the implants per center per month? It seems like it increased given that, Larry, I think you said the implants doubled and centers didn't quite double. But do I have that right, do we see implants per centers, per month pick up a bit and do you have those numbers?
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: It varies a lot center to center. Obviously, centers that have been in the program longer have more sustained referrals programs and what not. But I would say it's probably in the three to four range.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Is that up from the first quarter, it seemed to be, but I'm just wondering?
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: Yeah, and it's probably up a little bit.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Okay. And how many centers are doing transapical in both, partner in the US, as well as in Europe at this point in time? And I'm sorry if I missed that.
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: No. Partner, we're just getting strong with transapical. So we just had a couple of sites that have started, but the remaining sites they are in the process now of adding a center to the part of protocol in their individual centers and going through IRB process. So we see that as being obviously really positive news for the second half.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Okay. And an area that isn't often asked about, Mike I will turn to quickly cardiac surgery. CardioVation seems to be a real driver of that franchise and frankly augmenting the overall growth profile. What should we expect in the second half of the year out of CardioVations? And perhaps you could help us gauge where the run-rate in that business could be exceeding the year to help us with models for 2009 and beyond, notwithstanding the fact that you haven't given guidance yet. But it seems that business continues to do better than most of us are expecting.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think it is doing better. And thanks for asking, Jason. The CardioVations business grew a little bit more than 20% on an apples-to-apples basis compared to last year. So right now I'd say Cardiac Surgery Systems is tracking as a business, it's a little less than a $100 million. I think we projected or we said last year that '07 it was a little over a $20 million business. We think that it allowed an underlying basis grow more than 20% throughout this year. So we think this growth rate continues. And that probably gives you a good sense for what it's going to l look like as it goes into '09. So it's clearly pulling up the growth rate for otherwise what would have been a franchise that was growing in the mid-single digits.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Great, I will hop back in queue.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup. Please state your question.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I need to follow-up on reimbursement because I'm not clear on one of your answers. I understand what you are say being 2010 in your comfort that there will be reimbursement in place. But looking out through 2009, what is your comfort level that physicians in Europe have also secured funding through 2009?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah, just to get into it a little bit, this as we've tried to explain here. It's complicated because it is account specific and it is country specific. And it's not that necessarily reimbursement is uniform. It's that hospitals are finding a way to pay, okay, and they are finding the procedure attractive enough that they want it, and they are basically approving the interim funding. And we don't see that trend stopping. But frankly it's difficult for us to predict exactly what's going to happen, Amit. We were working hard on the formal reimbursement. But our assumption is more of a status quo in terms of what's going on in 2008 and that will continue into '09. But frankly, it's not one of those that you have perfect visibility on.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Okay. And on the Cohort B Partner trial is that still slated to complete enrollment by the end of the year and I just have a one quick follow-up after that.
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: Yeah, we remain on track to hit our 600 patient by the end of the year, and we expect to complete enrollment in Cohort B by the end of the year.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Okay. And just lastly on the surgical valve business, can you split out unit and price growth with some numbers for us? I know you said 5% in the US, but could you give?
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: Are you talking about in the US or on a global basis, Amit?
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Both if you could and what's driving price in the US?
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: Yeah actually, I would say on a global basis price is probably down 1% just from a mix perspective because we have more aggressive growth outside the US than we've had inside the US, and the US tends to operate at higher prices. Inside the US pricing is actually up probably 1%. And again, that's just the mix as people are buying our premium Magna products, as opposed to the other products that they purchased in the past. And so when I said that US heart valve growth was somewhere in that 5% range, than you can tell how much is units and how much is price. It's 1% of that is price, if that help you get there?
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Yeah, cool. Thanks.
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Charlie Chong with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Charlie Chong - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. I just wanted to take a closer look at the guidance for SAPIEN. Can you talk little bit more about the seasonality that you'd expect here in the third quarter percutaneous valves. For some reason given that there are not many options for these patients. I have a hard time thinking that there might be elasticity in demand around the summer months for these patients. I can understand that doctors might be on vacation so they can't perform the procedure. But, is that the key driver here of the seasonality that you are talking about?
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: I think you understand it perfectly. Certainly in third quarter there is a very heavy vacation load in Europe. And as almost all of our sales are driven out of Europe, we get affected by that seasonality directly. So we would expect sales in Q3 to probably be less than that of Q2.
Charlie Chong - Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: It's related to those vacation schedules.
Charlie Chong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And just a quick follow-up to the guidance question; it doesn't seem to be a tremendous stretch to get to the low end of the full year range. In fact, only need to replicate what you did in the first half of the year and add a million dollar and get to that $45 million number. On the other hand if we were to disregard this anticipated seasonality in the third quarter, you just need to put up two more performances of what you saw in the second quarter get to the high end. So is there something about momentum here that we should be reading into. Maybe you can just tell us how you came up with this revised guidance and I have one follow-up for Tom if you don't mind.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah in terms of losable amount, you definitely should not assume that. We are not trying to send that signal at all. We are just trying to give you what we think is a reasonable estimate for the rest of the year. We know that just looking at our traditional heart valve business how much things slow down in the third quarter. And even the balance of first half, the second half kind of sales and this causes us to be thoughtful. This is a brand new business for us and we are trying to give you our best estimate but no we are not trying to signal any loss of confidence.
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: And we are very excited about how we have done. When we started the year we established $20 million as a target for this year and felt that we had some upside in that. But I think it's fair to say this has exceeded all of our expectations.
Charlie Chong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great, and then just the last follow-up for Tom. When I take a look at where the tax rate ended up during the quarter versus where the full year tax rate guidance had been previously, I estimate that as much as $0.02 in the EPS performance came from tax. So, you gave us directional comments and where tax could go for the remainder of the year. But, could you be a little bit more specific. I was thinking the tax rate really comes in at 25% for the year because if I'm calculating this correctly, I think that more than half of the increase in the full year EPS guidance could be coming from tax. Would that be correct?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: You know, first off there is the remaining piece. This quarter was a bit of the story and for the rest of the year this lower number; I say it's maybe $0.1 to $0.05. So it is part of the story.
Charlie Chong - Goldman Sachs: Okay great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sara Michelmore with Cowen and Company.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company: Yes, thank you. I'd go back to SAPIEN, I'm afraid. I think when you guys had done your Analyst Meeting back at the end of the year you talked about thinking about an average caseload per month at the centers that were up were about three cases a month. And if I just do the straight math from this quarter, you are tracking it about seven cases a month. And I'm wondering where you are seeing that fallout or some centers doing more. Is that a low number for an average seven cases a month? How are you thinking about that metric at this point?
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: I don't think we have seen seven cases per month. I think we have still been in that three to four range. So it's maybe a little bit better than what we had talked about at the Investor Conference. But, I think we are still pretty much in that range.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company: Okay. And you must be going up against core valves in some of these centers or at least running into them. And I'm wondering can you just talk us through how you think the product selection process goes assuming that these centers have a choice of two valves in Europe. What makes them select the Edwards products over the core valve products? Thanks.
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: A lot of this I think is driven by just the overall demand and excitement about the transcatheter valve technology in Europe in general. And so there is just a lot of centers that are interested in participating and having this technology in their centers. So, we do bump into core valve periodically and there are some sites that have used both technologies. But that's just sort of the nature of commercial devices. I think one of the strengths of our program is having both the transapical and transfemoral approach and we create a partnership between interventional and surgeons. Core valve does have an advantage as it relates to profile and so sometime that becomes a driver with some of these folks. And those are just... it's probably not one single issue. There's probably a variety of issues that drive product selection.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And just to add to that Sara, we don't know obviously what core valve sales are since we are not a publicly traded company. But, we wouldn't be surprised if they are doing volumes that are close to the Edwards' volumes as well.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company: Okay, that's really helpful color. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Joshua Zable with Natexis Bleichroeder. Please state your question.
Joshua Zable - Natexis Bleichroeder: Hey guys thanks very much for taking my question here, congrats on a good quarter. Just two quick ones again back to SAPIEN. You talked about sort of the used rates or the implant to sales rate being from 50% to 80%. Obviously I know it hasn't been out that long. But have you seen any... can you talk to us a little bit about reorder rates? I don't know if it's too early. Maybe some of the centers have initially stocked if they gone through their sort of inventory and inventory and if they are reordering and what kind of clip they are doing it?
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: We absolutely are seeing reordering Josh and I think that's been one of the really great things about the program is if I could take it on and I'd had the procedural success that we've seen in the program to date, sites get more enthused about it and they have been reordering. So, where we had about 50% stocking and usage rate in the first quarter, we saw that go up to about 80% in the second quarter which is good. Now, we'll continue to see stocking as we add sites for the rest of the year, but we are very pleased with our implant to sales rate right now.
Joshua Zable - Natexis Bleichroeder: Okay, great. And then just on the data, I know you mentioned that you're going to come out with some 30 day follow-up. Can you just; two parts of the question. One can you just remind us just to go over again when you are going to be releasing that. And two, obviously you guys have talked to the FDA about constructing this trial and it's complex one. And you talked about 30% to 50% mortality within the year for these patients regardless. Obviously you dealing with tough patients who have other co-morbidities and you obviously gave us the 95% success rate on the implant. But, can you kind of give us an idea what you would be looking for or what you would feel good as far as mortality rates go, when that data comes out just so we know sort of relative to obviously these sick people already what you guys would be pleased with and you would think would get you towards approval.
Larry L. Wood - Corporate Vice President, Transcatheter Valve Replacement: Sure. The data presentations will be coming out primarily at TCT that's where we'll roll out all the 30 day data along with some of the longer term data from the feasibility trial. So, that will come out at TCT and maybe a little bit of it will come out at EACTS which is in Portugal this year. I think the thing that's important to remember is the patients that fall into this group the historical data while it's not perfect so to suggest that you have about a 30% to 50% mortality rate at one year. So, we will be looking for is certainly having the improvement over that in our results. But it's really going to be the partner randomized trial that really going to bring light to that and as that data is a randomized study it won't be available for quite sometime.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we are enthused with the results we were getting. We are not in anyway believing that 95% persists. We know that this is a sick group of patients. But, we are enthused that it's going better than we thought at this point Josh.
Joshua Zable - Natexis Bleichroeder: Great. Well, thanks very much.
Operator: As a final reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star-one on your telephone key pad at this time.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, thanks for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom, David, and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone. With that, back to you, David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President Investor Relations: Thank you for joining on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call, which include underlying growth rates, and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the investor relation section of our website at Edwards.com. If you missed a portion of the call telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours, and to access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use account number 2995 and pass code 288895. I will repeat those numbers dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 the account number is 2995, the pass code is 288895. Finally an audio replay will be archived on the investor relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome the Edwards Lifesciences First Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson. You may begin.
David K. Erickson: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our first quarter 2008 financial results. During our call today we'll focus our prepared remarks on information that complements the material included in the press release and financial schedules and then allocate the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; Tom Abate, CFO and Treasurer; and Patrick Verguet, Corporate Vice President, Europe. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I would like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include but aren't limited to sales, gross profit margin, net income, earnings per share and free cash flow goals for 2008, the regulatory approval and sales of Heart Valve Therapy products including Magna Mitral and Magna Ease, the competitive dynamics and fundamentals of the heart valve market, the continued adoption, expected sales and product enhancements of the FloTrac system, the timing, progress and results of the partner clinical trial, the market opportunity for transcatheter technologies and the adoption in Europe and expected 2008 sales of the Edwards SAPIEN valve. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements may be found in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2007 and our other SEC filings which are available on our website at edwards.com. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you, David. We're very pleased to be reporting strong first quarter results driven by robust sales growth in all our product lines, particularly Heart Valve Therapy and Critical Care. In addition, we're raising our full year 2008 sales guidance by $50 million and increasing our bottom line expectations. Our first quarter results were also highlighted by an impressive start to our SAPIEN launch in Europe with better than expected sales and outstanding procedural success. In addition, we continue to demonstrate confidence in our future by aggressively repurchasing shares. Now turning to our results; on a reported basis, total sales for the quarter grew 12.4% to $297 million, and grew 9% on an underlying basis. Reported growth was aided by foreign exchange and negatively impacted by discontinued businesses. Before I provide a more detailed review of our sales results and an update on the PARTNER trial, Patrick Verguet, our Corporate Vice President for Europe, will discuss the commercial and clinical results of transcatheter heart valves. Following that, Tom will review the financial results. And with that, I'd like to introduce Patrick Verguet. Patrick?
Patrick B. Verguet: Thanks Mike. I'm very pleased to have the opportunity to discuss the results of our transcatheter heart valve business and the strong start we are seeing in the European market. Overall, clinician enthusiasm for our technology is very strong, which resulted in first quarter global sales of $8.1 million, $7 million from Europe, and the remainder primarily from the U.S. clinical trial. We are very encouraged by the steady increase in both sales and implants in Europe. We are ramping up our number of implants and exited the quarter with a run rate of approximately 75 valves implanted per month. During the quarter, our selling price remained within our expected range of 15,000 to 22,000. Importantly, in this high risk group of patients, our acute procedural success is approximately 95% this quarter, which we believe, is a result of our world-class training program and the clinicians' dedication to success. This is especially impressive, as we have expanded into more than 30 centers in 12 countries that perform cases during the quarter. Based on what we have seen at our sites, experienced teams typically perform these transcatheter procedures in 60 to 90 minutes. Edwards' transcatheter technology enjoys broad interest with hospitals, clinicians and patients across Europe. At centers they experience their implant rate is increasing which is an indication of the clinical need, the adoptability of the procedure and the centers' ability to obtain funding. There are still many centers eager to join our program and from an operations standpoint, we are adding clinical and reimbursement specialists to increase our start-up capability to five centers per month. In addition we continue to make progress towards securing four more reimbursements in key European countries. Based on our momentum in Europe, we are now increasing our global transcatheter heart valve guidance to more than $35 million for the full year. In the upcoming EuroPCR meeting next month, our transcatheter valve technology will be prominently featured in a number of sessions and live cases. In addition, Dr. John Webb will discuss his experience with our next-generation transcatheter valve and the RetroFlex II transfemoral delivery system. Overall, we are making great progress in Europe. To further enhance the deliverability of our second valve, we are introducing RetroFlex II in Europe this month. Judging by the rapid adoption of the procedure, it is clear that transcatheter valve technology represents tremendous opportunity that is already expanding the European heart valve market. Because it is so critical to long-term success and the importance of this therapy, Edwards will grow at a disciplined rate, driven by our ability to keep procedural success rates high. As this market continues to evolve, we believe that valve durability and performance which are two of Edwards' many strengths will become increasingly important to clinicians and their patients. I look forward to reporting our continued progress in Europe. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Patrick. Reported sales for Heart Valve Therapy were $147 million for the first quarter, which included a $6 million contribution from foreign exchange. This represented a 13.3% growth rate over last year, led by strong performance in international regions including transcatheter heart valves. On an underlying basis, growth was 9.6% for the quarter. As we anticipated, U.S. revenue growth was flat for the quarter, due to competitive product launches. Outside the U.S., we achieved strong double-digit sales for the quarter, driven by the expanding adoption of Magna Ease and Magna Mitral and the strong uptake of our SAPIEN valve in Europe, which exceeded our expectations. Although the broad heart valve market fundamentals are basically unchanged, the global market grew more than its typical 3% to 5% rate, as the European market accelerated with the launch of transcatheter heart valves. This technology is driving growth in Europe as patients who were previously untreated now have more options for therapy. And some centers who have adopted this technology have reported an increase in overall referrals. Regarding Magna Mitral, we are pleased with its clinical performance in Europe and continue to believe that this is also an important valve for U.S. patients. We have completed the incremental testing and analysis requested by the FDA and will submit our response this month. We believe we will fully address the outstanding questions and anticipate a U.S. introduction during the third quarter of 2008, although we are unable to fully predict a time line. Magna Ease, our next-generation aortic valve brings enhanced ease of use to Magna's best-in-class performance. Based on our experience in Europe, we expect this to become the market leading valve over the next few years. We received FDA questions regarding our PMA supplement in the first quarter and plan to submit our response this quarter. We continue to anticipate a U.S. launch for Magna Ease in 2009, and will provide a more detailed time line during the next quarter's call. In Japan, the approval of our Magna aortic valve is now expected in the second quarter, as we received and responded to additional questions from the Japanese Ministry of Health. We continue to believe this market leading valve's superior patient benefits will make it the number one heart valve in Japan. And turning to repair, we're looking forward to unveiling our Physio II ring at next month's AATS conference with the launch planned for the third quarter of 2008. Our new Physio II ring represents the next-generation repair product for the degenerative segment of mitral repair which is the largest segment in mitral valve repair, and where we've experienced the most competitive activity. Also, at the upcoming AATS conference, Edwards will be highlighting its 50 years of innovation in heart valve technology. There will be a series of presentations on our SAPIEN valve featuring the Ascendra transapical delivery system which has attracted strong surgeon interest. Separately, we're refining our Edwards I training initiatives and driving the integration of our innovative MIS technology. And turning to Cardiac Surgery Systems which is now primarily focused on minimally invasive surgical products, reported sales for the quarter increased 27% to $21 million, due primarily to the recently acquired CardioVations MIS product line. Our base cannula products were flat for the quarter, while CardioVations grew over 20% on a pro forma basis. We are very pleased with our progress on this integration. As patients continue to demand less invasive therapies, cardiac surgeons are becoming more interested in modifying their practice accordingly. We are committed to leading the way to in developing MIS valve procedures that enable surgeons to meet this demand [ph] and are increasing our R&D investment to expand the platform. We continue to expect the CardioVations transaction to be non-dilutive this year and accretive in 2009. Now turning to our Critical Care business. For the first quarter, Critical Care reported $107 million in sales, up 17.4%, which included a $5 million contribution from foreign exchange. Once again, the underlying growth rate exceeded 10%. Sales of new products led by FloTrac continue to be the biggest growth driver this quarter. In addition, our growth is becoming more diversified with increased adoption of PreSep, strong growth in emerging markets, and share gains in our pressure monitoring and hemofiltration products. Our dual pronged strategy of increasing innovation and improving operational execution has transformed critical care from a low single digit growth business to an 8% to 10% franchise in the last few years. This strategy provides Edwards with a sustainable competitive advantage. Our most recent innovations which are well received in the market include products like FloTrac, PreSep, PediaSat and our Vigilance II monitor. We continue to make great progress in creating new market opportunities for FloTrac. During the second quarter, we plan to make incremental... we plan to make an incremental upgrade to the FloTrac system to provide better information in the operating room. And in the third quarter, we expect to introduce a substantial upgrade that enables FloTrac to provide additional information in the medical ICU. These innovations will broaden the application of FloTrac. During the quarter, sales of PreSep, our innovative central venous oximetry catheter for the early detection of sepsis continues to ramp up. Detection and treatment of sepsis remains a clinical challenge and PreSep is gaining adoption. In addition, we expanded our launch of PediaSat into Europe. PediaSat is our venous oximetry catheter for pediatric patients. With the innovation of our new monitoring platforms, we have expanded our focus and include selling hardware and service in addition to disposables and we continue to see strong hardware sales growth in the first quarter. In addition, the second element of our strategy is also contributing to our success. Improvements in operational execution have enabled us to continue to take share in pressure monitoring products and hemofiltration and to create a vibrant service business. These three offerings contribute almost half of Critical Care's total growth. Total reported sales of vascular products was $22 million this quarter, consistent with our expectations. This includes approximately $1 million of end customer LifeStent sales recorded prior to the mid-January completion of the divestiture and $6 million of sales to Bard under our supply agreement. Sales of our high margin based vascular products experienced a small expected decline to $13.7 million. We are continuing to pursue the PMA approval for LifeStent which is currently with the FDA for evaluation. Now I'd like to provide an update on the U.S. PARTNER trial and our next generation transcatheter products. As we announced last quarter, we received approval from the FDA to add our Ascendra transapical delivery system to the PARTNER trial. Our current centers are in the process of gaining IRB approval and we expect transapical cases to start in the next month. Having Ascendra in the trial gives cardiac surgeons the opportunity to partner in this transformational technology and most importantly, it would allow us to address even more patients. To date, we have enrolled over 200 patients which is slightly ahead of our projected enrollment rate. We now have 13 centers that are actively enrolling patients and the remaining two centers have completed training and will begin enrolling this quarter. And we are also planning to add five clinical sites in the U.S. We are on track to complete enrollment as we've previously communicated and continue to believe that our progress in the U.S. gives us at least the two year lead over the next closest competitor. We continue to be pleased with our progress on the development of a next-generation transcatheter heart valve. During the first quarter, Dr. John Webb performed the first three human implants of our next-generation device, each of these procedures was successful with enhanced ease-of-use benefits and excellent valve performance. This next-generation balloon expandable valve features a cobalt chromium alloy frame that helps reduce the profile by fortifying fringe [ph] sizes without compromising strength. The valve's smaller delivery profile will make it available to an even wider group of patients. We are currently in discussions with the European regulatory agencies regarding the trial design and anticipate this being a non-randomized trial, comparable to what we did on our first-generation technology. We plan to start a trial before the end of the year in support of a CE mark. As anticipated, we began our U.S. feasibility trial of our SAPIEN valve in the pulmonic position during the first half of the year. Last year we announced that... last week we announced that Dr. Ziyad Hijazi in Chicago successfully implanted the SAPIEN valve percutaneously in the first three patients treated in this trial. The clinical study will enable physicians to offer a minimally invasive alternative to patients with a failing pulmonic valve. While this is a modest market opportunity, we are able to leverage our transcatheter valve platform and RetroFlex delivery system to address a serious unmet need in patients with congenital heart disease. Turning to transcatheter mitral repair, we remain confident that patients with functional mitral regurgitation present a very large and attractive potential market with few treatment options. In early 2007, we completed enrollment of a 60 patient evolution one feasibility study of our MONARC system for this condition. We recently completed follow-up on these patients and Dr. Jan Harnek will present an analysis of the data at EuroPCR. We will discuss our plans for an EVOLUTION II European pivotal trial at that time. As Patrick mentioned, at the upcoming EuroPCR meeting there will be several clinical presentations featuring a number of our innovative technologies, including our next-generation delivery system and transcatheter valve. In addition on Thursday afternoon, Edwards will sponsor a symposium on establishing a successful transcatheter valve program which will be chaired by Prof. Alain Cribier. Lastly, we're planning to host an informal analyst and investor reception during that week and details will be available soon. Before we move on to a discussion of our financial results, I would like to briefly comment about the proposed changes to Medicare reimbursement. Last week CMS released preliminary in-patient prospective payment rates which go into effect on October 1st, 2008. We are pleased to see the agency's changes are expected to be a small net positive to hospital reimbursement for heart valve procedures. As such, we are not expecting these changes to impact the company's results. And now, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Abate: Thanks, Mike. In addition to the strong sales that Mike and Patrick have already discussed, I am also happy to report strong earnings. Our first quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.56, $0.07 above the midpoint of our previous guidance range. Reported earnings per diluted share for the first quarter were $0.31. For the first quarter, our gross profit margin was 65.3%, compared to 64.7% in the same period last year. This improvement was driven primarily by a more profitable product mix and was partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange hedges. As we projected, we reported a lower gross profit margin in the first quarter as a result of foreign exchange hedges and the commencement of our LifeStent manufacturing agreement. Foreign exchange hedges are expected to continue suppressing the improvement in gross profit margin for the next two quarters. As a result, we now expect full year 2008 gross profit margin improvement to be at the low end of our 100 to 150 basis point guidance. First quarter SG&A expenses were 38.6% of sales or $114.6 million, consistent with our guidance last quarter. The $16 million increase versus last year was due primarily to the expected higher levels of spending for both the SAPIEN launch in Europe and sales related costs in the U.S. as well as a significant impact from foreign exchange. For the full year 2008, we expect SG&A to remain at approximately 38% to 39% of sales. In the... the quarterly amount will increase to approximately $120 million for the rest of the year, due primarily to the impact of current FX rates and to a lesser extent additional spending on THB in Europe. R&D investments in the quarter were $32.9 million or 11.1% of sales, compared to $28.8 million last year. The increased level of spending was focused primarily on our transcatheter and surgical valve programs, as well as our critical care development efforts. For 2008, we continue to expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be approximately 11.5%. Net interest expense of $400,000 was consistent with last quarter. For 2008, we now expect net interest expense of approximately $1 million, which reflects our recent use of cash for additional share repurchases. During the quarter, we recorded special items that resulted in a net $10.1 million pre-tax special charge. The main components were an $8.1 million loss from the sale of the LifeStent product line. Accounting rules require the write-off of all related assets and goodwill this quarter. Future milestone payments are expected to result in a total pre-tax gain from this transaction of approximately $55 million. The second component was a $2.1 million charge for the settlement of litigation related to our divested U.S. perfusion services business. Under the terms of the divestiture, this was our last outstanding case. Since the goodwill assigned to LifeStent is not recognized for tax purposes, the special items resulted in a $4.9 million net tax liability this quarter. This tax liability, plus the $10.1 million pre-tax special chargereduced net income by $15 million. For the first quarter, our reported tax rate was 47.6%, compared to 25.6% a year ago. Excluding special items, our first quarter 2008 tax rate was 25.9%. For full year, we continue to expect our rate to be approximately 26%. The foreign exchange impact on sales and earnings per share was consistent with the expectation set during our last earnings call. When compared to the same quarter last year, foreign exchange rates positively impacted first quarter reported sales by $13 million and lifted EPS by approximately $0.01. If foreign exchange rates remain at current levels, 2008 sales are expected to benefit by an additional $24 million. We expect the full-year bottom line impact to be negligible due to our hedging strategy. Free cash flow generated during the first quarter was $20.8 million, which we define as cash flow from operating activities of $29.9 million minus CapEx of $9.1 million. For the full year, we continue to expect free cash flow to also be at the upper end of our $155 million to $165 million goal. During the quarter, we used $100 million of our cash to repurchase 2.26 million shares of common stock, at an average price of $44.24 per share. Our purchases exceeded previous guidance, as we believe that the market valuation represented a particularly attractive opportunity. Last year's $250 million repurchase authorization has $150 million remaining capacity and we continue to believe our shares are attractive at current prices. On the balance sheet, total debt at March 31st was $213 million, which included $63 million of long-term debt and $150 million of convertible debt. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $50 million. As you may recall, on May 15th both the holders of our $150 million convertible debt and the company will have the option to redeem the bond. Accordingly, we expect the debt to be fully retired within the quarter, resulting in a reduction of 2.7 million diluted shares. This event, along with our first quarter purchases, is expected to reduce fully diluted shares outstanding to $58 million, beginning in the third quarter. Including receivables in our asset-backed securitization programs, days sales outstanding for the quarter was 71 days, an increase of five days from the prior quarter. Inventories decreased $13 million from the prior quarter to $140 million, due largely to the sale of LifeStent inventory. For the first quarter, domestic sales grew 9% to $136 million, and international sales grew 15% to $161 million. Turning to 2008 sales guidance, we are increasing total sales by $50 million to between $1.210 billion to $1.260 billion. This revised range reflects expected performance improvement across all the company's product lines including transcatheter heart valve sales and an increased foreign exchange benefit of $24 million. For Heart Valve Therapy, we are raising our 2008 sales guidance $20 million to between $590 million to $610 million. This includes raising our transcatheter valve sales assumption to more than $35 million. In Critical Care, we now expect total annual sales to increase $20 million to $450 million to $470 million. In Cardiac Surgery Systems, we are raising the total annual sales by $5 million to $80 million to $90 million. And lastly, in vascular, we now expect total annual sales to increase by $5 million to $80 million to $90 million, which includes LifeStent sales to Bard of more than $25 million. All of these projections assume foreign currencies remain at current level. For the second quarter 2008, we are projecting total sales of $310 million to $320 million. We estimate that second quarter 2008 diluted EPS will be between $0.62 and $0.66. We are increasing the full year estimate by $0.13 to between $2.45 and $2.53 including special items... excluding special items, excuse me. This represents a full year EPS growth rate of 15% to 19%. Let me remind you, given the normal pattern of our sales, we expect our third quarter profitability to be lower than the second quarter and followed by a significant increase in the fourth quarter. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Tom. You know, this year we're celebrating our 50th anniversary of partnering with clinicians to develop life saving innovations. Over the course of 50 years, Edwards has been the innovator in the science of heart valves and hemodynamic monitoring. We were the first company to introduce the mechanical heart valve, the porcine heart valve and the pericardial heart valve. Today we are beginning the next chapter in this field with the commercial introduction of our transcatheter heart valve technology in Europe. To date more than 1,000 patients worldwide have already benefited from our pioneering transcatheter technology and we look forward to addressing the large population of patients who have few options for the treatment of their valve disease. And with that, I'll turn it back over to David.
David K. Erickson: In order to allow everyone a chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit your questions. If you have additional questions, please reenter the queue and we will answer as many as we can during the remainder of the call. Operator, we are ready to take questions, please. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is coming from Kristen Stewart with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Kristen Stewart: I just want to say congratulations on what is a great quarter, particularly for the transcatheter valve line. Very impressive.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you.
Kristen Stewart: Wondering if we could just talk a little bit more in detail about your... I know you talked about greater than 30 centers, I think that's kind of what you talked about in February. Sounds like you're preparing to ramp up to five centers per month. I think previously you had said three to five. Just curious on where you see that number going now, given what you've seen so far and the really robust demand. Then I have one follow-up for Tom.
Michael A. Mussallem: I'll ask Patrick to answer this, since we have got the authority here.
Patrick B. Verguet: Thank you, Kristen. Thank you, Mike. When we say we're going to increase by five centers per month, we are going to do that gradually. And we are going to probably not do too much during the month of August. And so by the end of the year we will be probably 70 to 75 centers. That's what we are projecting as of now.
Kristen Stewart: Any issues from a capacity standpoint in producing valves.
Patrick B. Verguet: From what?
Michael A. Mussallem: Capacity standpoint. I think what drives this, Kristen, is our ability to do training, to have proctors in place and to do this in a very thoughtful fashion and I think what Patrick's sharing is sort of anticipates all our capacity constraints when we say that. That's sort of assume things go well.
Patrick B. Verguet: We currently have one center and we're going to open a second center for training.
Kristen Stewart: And then, Tom, just a follow-up on the gross margin. Just wondering if you could quantify exactly what the FX drag was on the quarter and maybe what kind of the Bard impact was in manufacturing and then if you could tell us what LifeStent maybe sales were in the quarter.
Thomas M. Abate: Okay. Sure, Kristen. The recent moves have impacted not this quarter. Actually, the margin that we saw this quarter was right on track with the guidance we gave because the rates were pretty much throughout the quarter where they were when we set guidance. The current move is about 30 to 40 basis points in the remainder for the full year and primarily in the second and third quarter. So, I tried to indicate that the highest impact from currency was going to be in Q2s and Q3s with an up-tick then in Q4. Sales to Bard were $6 million and the PVS impact to the margin is somewhere... will vary based upon the actual sales, but it's somewhere in the 70 to 90 basis points and right now right at the middle of that range.
Kristen Stewart: Okay. And just to clarify, you said foreign exchange has negligible effect on earnings this year, relative to kind of where your forecast was?
Thomas M. Abate: Yes, absolutely.
Kristen Stewart: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Glenn Reicin with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Glenn Reicin: Hi. Glenn Reicin with Morgan Stanley. Thanks for taking my question. Can you hear me?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. I can hear you great, Glenn.
Glenn Reicin: Okay. Two questions. First, can you just give us what your expectations for FloTrac are this year? And then second which is much more complicated is, if I heard you correctly you said that your usage now is about... you ended the quarter with about 35 valves per month. That's about $1 million dollars of revenues. So, you shipped eight. And you ended the quarter with $1 million per month revenue run rate. So, what was usage in the quarter? I assume it's somewhere in that $2 million to $3 million range. And then tell us how the math works, how you catch up to the shipment sales where it's not just loading up on inventory, it's actually meeting between usage and inventory stocking.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, thanks Glenn. Let me jump into it. First on FloTrac, we had planned for around $50 million worth of sales this year, which would be a nice ramp versus approximately $30 million we were at last year and that's pretty much right on track. And I think on the projections, I think you probably misheard Patrick. I think Patrick said that our exit rate for the quarter was around 75 valves per month. And so maybe Patrick you can give Glenn a feel for how the implant rate is comparing to the purchase rate.
Patrick B. Verguet: Yes, Glenn. Thanks for your question. First of all, when we are asking the centers to order valves is to show us their commitment. And because they need to order valves to do cases, we are not stockpiling their shelves. When I look at the number of valves that we have implanted versus the number of valves that we have sold in Q4 last year, the rate was 25% of implant versus what we sold. When I look at the quarter, Q1 2008, we implanted 50% of the valves that we sold. But when I look just at the month of March, we ramped up to 70% of implants versus what we sold and the trends continue like that. What is good and impressive is that every month we are increasing the number of implants.
Michael A. Mussallem: Does that answer your question, Glenn?
Glenn Reicin: Yes. I'd love to know, though... okay, now we ramp up to 70 to 75 centers. Clearly, that number is going to come back down in terms of the usage as relative to sales, I would think, right?
Michael A. Mussallem: Well, if you are asking are sales going to increase throughout the year? Yes, they will. I mean we are going to see the natural pattern where Q3 is a little lower, but no, we think sales are going to keep going north, Glenn, if that's under
Glenn Reicin: $8 million [ph] in the first quarter, 8 times 4 is 32, right? So
Michael A. Mussallem: That's right.
Glenn Reicin: The actual number stays pretty flat, when I guess, we
Michael A. Mussallem: I don't want you to misinterpret our guidance. We said more than $35 million, Glenn. We didn't say $35 million.
Glenn Reicin: Okay. And at the end of the... I'm sorry. At the end of the year, I'm just trying to understand what you think that ratio will be in terms of usage relative to shipments.
Michael A. Mussallem: It's probably hard to predict. I think what Patrick told you right now, it's ramped up to 70% here just in this quarter and we have a chance to look at April. That trend is continuing to go north. So hard to predict, but it's coming pretty close to in line.
Glenn Reicin: Okay. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem: I think we probably need to give some other folks a chance, Glenn.
Glenn Reicin: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Larry Biegelsen with Wachovia Securities. Please state your question.
Larry Biegelsen: Hi. Can you hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem: Hear you great, Larry.
Larry Biegelsen: Thanks for taking my question. First, I thought I overheard somebody... you say that you booked some sales for the U.S. clinical trial. Could you clarify that a little bit? I think it was about a $1 million. That was a surprise to me. Second, can you talk about any specifics on reimbursement for SAPIEN in Europe, any specific progress in any countries? And just lastly, update on the U.S. and German litigation versus core valve. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Let's break it into pieces. I'll ask for Patrick's help on the second piece. First, yes, we said out of the $8.1 million, $7 million came out of Europe and the remainder primarily came out of the U.S. clinical trial. And indeed, we are charging for units in the U.S. clinical trial. There is a little bit of that that's sales in Canada. But the bulk is actually the U.S. clinical trial, Larry. The second question was progress on
Larry Biegelsen: On reimbursement.
Michael A. Mussallem: Reimbursement.
Patrick B. Verguet: Yes. Thanks for the question, Larry. We need to prove the clinical benefit of our technology to get the right reimbursement. And as of today, with our average selling price, we are exactly in line with what the governments are ready to pay for the clinical benefit. We use the terminology quali [ph] which is improvement of quality of life per year and we match with what is needed. And overall, I'm very satisfied with the progresses we are making in all the countries in terms of reimbursement.
Michael A. Mussallem: And the last question you were asking about the core valve litigation, Larry, we expect there to be some sort of action in Europe in the second half of 2008 based on everything that we know and that the U.S. action actually would be 2009 or later.
Larry Biegelsen: Mike, one clarification. Is it normal to charge for a product in the U.S. clinical trial? Is that standard? It just came as a surprise to me.
Michael A. Mussallem: I can't speak to what's normal. This has always been part of our assumptions, Larry.
Larry Biegelsen: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Larry Keusch with Goldman Sachs.
Lawrence Keusch: Yes, hi. Good afternoon. Mike, just to switch gears here on the heart valve franchise with the conventional valves in the U.S. Could you talk a little bit about sort of a competitive impact in the quarter? I think if we strip out the transcatheter heart valve sales, we kind of get to underlying growth of about 7% which is sort of same as the growth in the fourth quarter, so just want you to touch on that.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. Well, I think the dynamics of the market, Larry, are much as we would have anticipated. We had U.S. only grew... was essentially flat for the quarter and we had very strong growth outside the U.S. and this was very much as we expected. Inside the U.S., we have the impact of competitive activity. Remember, we have those competitive valves that have been launched. So overall, having a flat growth rate is not anything that is a surprise for us in the U.S., and we are anxiously awaiting getting some new valves approved here so that we can see that step-up. We are also looking forward to getting the valves approved in Japan. But I'm not sure... is there anything else about that I can get into for you?
Lawrence Keusch: Yes, I mean think part of what I wanted to explore a little bit is, as those competitors have been in the market, what sort of feedback are you getting. Is it still would you consider trialing or is there some real market share that's now moved? Are any of the competitors having any issues, that sort of stuff?
Michael A. Mussallem: I think it's very much as we expected Larry. I think the U.S. heart valve market, we believe, grows in the 3% to 5% growth rate. So, when we are flat in the U.S. in a quarter that does infer that there is some share loss. And so, I think that comes as no surprise. The pricing in the marketplace we would say has been very stable. As a matter of fact, Edwards' price is probably flat to slightly up and we haven't really seen any surprises out of competitor pricing.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay. And then the last question is coming back to the percutaneous valves. As you look at the experience in Europe to date, maybe you can touch a little bit on are these procedures really being done with both an interventionalist [ph] and a surgeon together? And sort of maybe talk a little bit about the mix of the RetroFlex versus Ascendra.
Patrick B. Verguet: Thank you, Larry, for your questions. This is Patrick. The first answer is yes, cardiologists and cardiac surgeons are working together and they know that it's for the benefit of the patient. And the second point, it's difficult to predict where we are going on transapical and transfemoral. You must remember that we really launched transapical during the month of January. So in January the mix was 5% transapical, 95% transfemoral and we ended up the quarter with ratio of 60% transfemoral, 40% transapical. And with those two points, I don't know what I can predict. But both procedures are going up every month.
Lawrence Keusch: Okay, perfect. And I just missed this, so if you could just clarify it. Again, the pricing in Europe was... I heard 15,000 to something higher than that.
Patrick B. Verguet: From 15 to 22.
Lawrence Keusch: 15 to 22 euro, right?
Patrick B. Verguet: Yes.
Lawrence Keusch: Correct. Thank you.
Patrick B. Verguet: Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks Larry.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tim Lee with Caris & Company. Please state your question.
Tim Lee: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. Just one quick follow-up on SAPIEN in terms of the training. I mean can you give us a sense of how long the current backlog is? I think at the analyst meeting you said about a two month backlog to get trained. Is that frustrating any clinics and are they looking at any competitive devices because of that.
Michael A. Mussallem: So may be the way to answer the question, Patrick, is how far ahead are we booking training when you talk about people being booked into our training center, may be it gives him a sense for what the backlog and does it lead to frustration among clinicians. Is that the question, Tim?
Tim Lee: Yes, thank you.
Patrick B. Verguet: Okay. We try to manage the frustration of our customers. What I see as of today is that we are fully booked until the end of the month of October. And as I said previously, we are opening second training center. So, we should not be constrained by training capacity.
Tim Lee: Okay. And just one quick follow-up on Larry's question in terms of the product mix, is there any pricing differential between the transfemoral and transapical delivery systems?
Patrick B. Verguet: No. The answer is no.
Tim Lee: Great. Thank you.
Patrick B. Verguet: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup. Please state your question.
Amit Bhalla: Thanks for taking the question. Mike, can you comment on just the surgical repair segment for a minute, talk about growth rates and any dynamics that are taking place there. And then on critical care, last quarter you had a bunch of hardware console upgrades. Did any of that take place in this quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, the repair grew for us in the quarter mid-single digits, Larry. So it's a little lower than we would like it to be and that's why we are really looking forward to the launch of Physio II, which we think will give us a boost. In terms of the second question, you asked about heart fail... hardware in critical care. Yes, just the way it worked out, because of... I think it has to do with the way hospitals budget, they had a particularly large fourth quarter. So we didn't have numbers that were as big as the fourth quarter when it came to hardware sales, but we have seen very nice growth. I think we're up something in the order of 20% versus Q1 last year.
Amit Bhalla: Are you able to break out that repair segment growth by a U.S. and O-U.S.? And then just I think
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I think the U.S. is a little bit less. So, the U.S. is probably in the four range, and the global is probably in the six range.
Amit Bhalla: If I could just ask Tom a quick one, what's share count assumption for the second quarter, I think I may have missed it.
Thomas M. Abate: We put out the third quarter. The second quarter will have some of the benefits of the activities in the first. I'd say if you use between 60 and... a little bit over 60 million shares, a good number.
Amit Bhalla: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mike Weinstein with J.P. Morgan. Please state your question.
Michael Weinstein: Thank you. I appreciate it. I was hoping, first, just on the upfront comments on the SAPIEN experience in Europe. There was a comment that acute procedural success was approximately 95% this quarter and I was hoping for starters you could define acute procedural success.
Patrick B. Verguet: Yes. Thanks for your question, Mike. Acute success is that immediate success of the procedure when it is executed.
Michael A. Mussallem: Just to provide a little bit more color. So, what it says is we make an attempt. We make an attempt to do a procedure, what it measures is whether we have successfully deployed the valve. So, if we convert it to surgery, it counts as a failure. If we don't deploy the valve for some sort of reason, say we have an access problem of some sort it doesn't count as a success. What this count is that we have successfully deployed the valve and the valve is working. It doesn't really have a long-term component to it, though, Mike.
Michael Weinstein: Is this based on the definition of, we were able to get there, we delivered the valve, and there were
Michael A. Mussallem: And it's working and the patient is fine. But what it doesn't speak to Mike is what's happening 30 days later or 60 days later.
Michael Weinstein: What about the acute experience of the patient in the hospital?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, you know what, we really don't have a measurement, a data point on that. Patrick can speak to in general, just on an anecdotal basis. But we were trying to give you something quantitative. And then Patrick, you might speak to what do we think our hospital stay is like for those patients.
Michael Weinstein: Not the hospital stays as much as it is what's... I'd like to understand, if you're giving out acute procedural success and trying to understand exactly what that is, and then what the success rate is of the patient. What's the adverse event rate of the patient in the hospital? Follow-up we are not going to know at this point.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. There is going to be data presented at EuroPCR, and I think there will be a chance for you to get much deeper on that, Mike. In general, I'll tell you that we are very pleased. And it's... we are not really seeing any sort of problems. We are not really trying to avoid an issue here by speaking to acute procedural success. It actually feels like it's going very well right now.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Let me switch gears. I just want to understand, make sure we're all getting the same math relative to SAPIEN revenues with you guys raising guidance for the year. I know from the centers that we have talked to and all the feedback we've gotten from Europe that as a center starts up and does their training, there is an initial order which sounds like it's on average about eight SAPIEN units before they can start training. Is that right?
Patrick B. Verguet: Between four and eight.
Michael Weinstein: Between four and eight. Okay.
Patrick B. Verguet: Yes.
Michael Weinstein: And so, if we think about getting the 75 centers, I'm just trying to do the math here. So if it's between four and eight and we say that the average there is six, getting the 75 centers and the numbers that generates that should be somewhere itself should get you, let's say $10 million to $15 million worth of revenues, just from getting the centers up and online.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes.
Michael Weinstein: Is that right? And then if we think about it... and then from the U.S. you're assuming I guess you will pick up $4 million of revenues, $5 million of revenues from the U.S. from the clinical trial?
Michael A. Mussallem: That's fair.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Then the balance of that is implants and reorder rates, right? If we think about beyond the initial here, here is your stocking order. The reorder business that you are expecting is that incremental beyond what we just described?
Michael A. Mussallem: That's correct.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. I just want to make sure that we have a good way to think about it.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes.
Michael Weinstein: And then this last question, just on the valve business in the U.S., Mike, you said you're flat and that's probably encouraging to some people who are thinking that the impact from the competitive launches might have been worse than that on your business. Any change in tone as you progress through the quarter and prior to getting your new products on to the U.S. market. Is the pressure increasing? Was it about the same over the course of the quarter? And then I'll drop. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem: It feels about the same, Mike. We were... like we said, we thought we were planning the year somewhat conservatively to say we had a U.S. growth rate for the year planned at zero to 2% and that anticipated having some Mitral Magna approved in the back half of the year. So to be flat at this stage of the game actually is not unexpected and we are not really seeing any competitive dynamics that are unusual compared to what we might have thought.
Michael Weinstein: Okay, great. Thank you, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Choi with Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Paul Choi: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Mike, just to clarify your earlier comments on the PARTNER trial, I think you said you had 13 centers trained and you plan to have two more start enrolling this quarter, but then you are going to have five on top of that? Is that correct?
Michael A. Mussallem: That is correct, Paul.
Paul Choi: Okay. So you will have a net total of 20 centers... 20 centers overall, correct?
Michael A. Mussallem: That's correct.
Paul Choi: Then on that, would you be willing to allocate in terms of where those new additional centers will be focusing on? Will it be more allocated towards the Cohort A, which includes the surgical arm or more on the medical management side? So would you be willing to perhaps push forward the enrollment schedules you guys have described last December at the analyst meeting.
Michael A. Mussallem: It's a good question, Paul. And the way it actually works is we don't steer the centers. So, what the centers do is they will take a look at all high risk surgical patients that come in and then, based on the assessment by clinicians and then later an assessment of their ability to get access through a femoral artery, that we're able to [ph] determine where they end up in terms of which arm of the trial. So separately from that, I guess what we indicated here is that we are very much on track with what we suggested as our earlier plans, which was to have Cohort B, 350 patients completely enrolled by the end of 2008 and Cohort A enrolled by the third quarter of 2009. We said we're about 200 patients. We are 200 patients into it at the end of the first quarter. And if we just sort of fast forward, we think there is certainly a chance for things to go better, but right now we're pleased with where we are. I would suggest that we will probably be in the neighborhood of 300 patients enrolled by mid-year and probably 600 patients enrolled by the end of the year.
Paul Choi: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks. And then just on the incremental sales force you guys are adding to accelerate center additions in Europe. Can you just quantify for us perhaps the number of actual people you will be adding in terms of headcount and its impact on SG&A versus your prior guidance?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I can... the guidance number is about $1 million dollars in terms of increased spending per quarter, Paul, that you should anticipate and, Patrick, maybe you can translate that to number of people.
Patrick B. Verguet: Yes. Number of people exactly, we have currently 14 clinical specialists supporting cases, and we are going to increase by a few more people. But we have anticipated that because of the results, the takeover [ph] results were good, we have anticipated and recruited those people during the first quarter. So, we're going to add too many people. They are just coming now.
Paul Choi: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jason Mills with Canaccord Adams. Please state your question.
Jason Mills: Thanks, Mike, congratulations on a very fine quarter. First, Tom on your second quarter guidance in terms of sales, specifically, trying to... the $310 million to $320 million, obviously much higher than where consensus is. So, I'm wondering where you see the most notable strength. If we are bringing up SAPIEN, obviously from the previous guidance it's a couple of million. It seems to us with continued strength in critical care, the SAPIEN increase, there is still strength somewhere else, perhaps it's CardioVations. I'm just wanting to put my finger on it, because to get to the top end of your range there is seemingly strength in other areas of your business, you really haven't talked about much in the plethora of questions in this call. Any color you can provide there?
Thomas M. Abate: Sure. Absolutely, Jason. You're perceptive there. Critical care, I'd say, if you look back at how we did in the first quarter, also had a strong quarter. So, I would look at Q1 and proportionately you would see that. Also, cardiac surgery system as a result of CardioVations was a piece of the story, as was a piece of the vascular picked up a small piece also. So, I tell you, it's pretty well balanced with the largest piece being continuation in heart valves and critical care. Also, remember that FX as a result it didn't affect the recent moves, had little effect on this quarter on guidance. Next quarter, it's going to step up. So that's a piece of the absolute number. I think it's $19 million in the quarter.
Jason Mills: And remind us, Tom, where... presumably it's heart valve and critical care, but where specifically you will see the largest bump in terms of nominal dollar increase to any franchise.
Thomas M. Abate: Well, to get specific, it would most likely in heart valves, we said surgical is right on track, so it would be THB, and in critical care, FloTrac continuing to perform, and then CardioVations for the third piece.
Jason Mills: CardioVations. Great. And then, Mike, back to you with respect to the surgical valve business, both in the U.S. and worldwide, you mentioned the repair is sort of mid-single digits for you this quarter. You have products coming down the pipe. Could you talk about what the market is growing specifically, it seems in the quarter if you were only growing mid-single digits in repair that you actually had a fairly nice quarter in tissue valves, understanding it was flat in the U.S. and you did benefit from some currency. But you had to grow sort of in an upper single-digit range, including the currency. Where can we sort of see tissue valves ex-repair go throughout the year? And with repair products coming down the pipe, can we start to see sort of teen, mid-teens, low to mid-teens type growth in that business as we move throughout the year?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, I don't know if I can get to it specifically. We are enjoying very strong heart valve growth. I'm talking valves now, not repair.
Jason Mills: Right.
Michael A. Mussallem: Outside the U.S. We are seeing that certainly in emerging markets. We had good growth in Japan and nice growth in Europe, for that matter. And as you properly note, with... because there is a little bit of pressure in repair, it suggests that things aren't going so badly in valves in the U.S. But the thing that really is going to step up our growth rate most substantially is going to be the new products approved in the U.S. And when that happens, we think that we are going to see the base heart valve growth rate step up substantially, and that will make a difference. Some of that will come with Mitral Magna. We also very much look forward to Magna Ease. That's probably going to be a greater impact when that comes, Jason, if that makes sense.
Jason Mills: I'm sorry, Mike. Just to lap onto that last thing. I missed what you said about the timing gaining the approval for Magna Ease. Could you help me out with that one?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes. What we said is that we answer... we are in the process of answering questions. We've got questions on Magna Ease in the first quarter and that we plan to submit our responses to those this quarter. We still are talking about the launch in 2009, but we said we will be able to have a more detailed time line at next quarter's call. We are just going to know more at that time.
Jason Mills: Okay, great quarter. Thanks, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thank you.
Thomas M. Abate: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from coming from Josh Zable with Natexis Bleichroeder. Please state your question.
Joshua Zable: Hi, guys. Congratulations on a great quarter and thanks for taking my questions here. Most of them have been answered, but I just want some clarification, just I know we talked a lot about the SAPIEN and I know Mike did a good job earlier of walking us through. I thought I heard something about 75 valves implanted per month. Maybe I was confused with the number of centers. Can you just comment, did I get those details right and kind of the math there.
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, Patrick can clarify a little bit more. What we were trying to do was to give you a sense for how it's going and because we are on a pretty good ramp right now, what Patrick was sharing was how did we exit the quarter. So in other words, if you looked at the month of March, what did that look like. And that was the 75 valves per month. Well, that was the rate of valve implants in the month of March and what we were suggesting is it was lower in January and February, and it's on a ramp going north. Does that answer the question?
Joshua Zable: Yes. And then the expectations to get into 75 centers then by the year-end?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, that's disconnected. But Patrick can provide clarification. That's his estimate of how many centers we'll have trained.
Patrick B. Verguet: Yes, we are currently training three, four centers per month and we are going to ramp up to five centers per month. That's why I believe that by the end of 2008, we will have 75 centers trained. Might take a few months for them to do cases in the regular basis but we're going to exit the year 2008 with this number of centers, maybe more, but I'm very confident with 75.
Joshua Zable: Okay, great. And then just Mike, just quickly on the FloTrac, can you just review the updates to the new products and whether it's going to be software or hardware upgrades?
Michael A. Mussallem: Yes, indeed what we've talked about is the fact that we are going to have a couple of incremental improvements and updates to FloTrac this year. One that will be in the second quarter and that will be to provide better information for the operating room and one that will be in the third quarter which will help us really address medical ICUs. Both of those are software updates. So what you can picture is it's a field retrofit where, if an account chooses, they can acquire the additional software at a nominal rate.
Joshua Zable: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats again.
Michael A. Mussallem: Thanks, Josh.
Joshua Zable: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tim Nelson with FAF advisors. Please state your question.
Timothy K. Nelson: Hi, guys. A little more granularity, if you will, on the reimbursement issues with SAPIEN. Has there been... most of the sales so far are stocking orders and/or initial implants. But have there been reorders or have there been any resistance of accounts that you started to buying more, given the fact they can't find funding. Talk about the reorder rate and where the limit is without reimbursement.
Patrick B. Verguet: Tim, thanks for the question. When a center orders valves, they put them on the shelf. And as soon as they have done their first case, they reorder. That's the way it is as of today.
Michael A. Mussallem: So what you can picture, Tim, just to bring this to life, when you talk about four systems, thing about the fact that if a center is going to do transapical and transfemoral cases which we ask them all to be prepared to do and there is two size of valves, 23 millimeter and 26 millimeter, then just to have one set of each requires four. If they think they are going to do some volume here, they will buy two sets. That's why it's either four or eight. It tends to be the level that people order at. And as Patrick says it's much like the way we sell our heart valves. Somebody places an initial order to put those on the shelf and then when one gets used they replenish and that's the way the business will operate.
Timothy K. Nelson: But without reimbursement is there a limit? I mean, that's coming out of the hospital general funds right now. Any reason to think that there is a limit to what they will reorder if they can't get reimbursement?
Patrick B. Verguet: As of today, we don't see constraints. Of course, you will find some hospital who can only do X number of valves per year. But it is not limiting our sales. And that's why I am saying we are confident with this more than 35 this year.
Timothy K. Nelson: Okay, great.
Patrick B. Verguet: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the Q&A session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Michael A. Mussallem: Okay. Well, thanks all for your continued interest in Edwards and Tom and David and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone. And with that, back to you, David.
David K. Erickson: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during the call, which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items, are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use account number 2995 and passcode 279431. Let me repeat those numbers for you. 877-660-6853, or 201-612-7415, account number 2995, passcode is 279431. Finally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - VP, IR Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and CEO Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate VP, Critical Care Thomas M. Abate - Corporate VP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Kristin Stewart - Credit Suisse Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan Tim Lee - Caris & Company Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you Mr. Erickson, you may begin.
David K. Erickson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our fourth quarter 2007 financial results. During our call today, we'll focus our prepared remarks on information that complements the material included in the press release and financial schedules, and then allocate the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; Tom Abate, CFO and Treasurer; and Carlyn Solomon, Corporate Vice President of Critical Care. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to sales, gross profit margin, net income, earnings per share, and free cash flow goals for 2008; the regulatory approval and sales of heart valve therapy products including Magna Mitral and Magna Ease; the competitive dynamics and market fundamentals of the heart valve market, the continued adoption and expected sales and product enhancements of the FloTrac system; the timing, progress and results of the PARTNER clinical trial; the market opportunity for transcatheter technologies; and the European launch and expected 2008 sales of the Edwards SAPIEN valve. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements may be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, and our other SEC filings which are available on our website at edwards.com. With that, I will turn the call over to Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David. We are proud of what we have accomplished in 2007. We aggressively prioritized investments and sharpened our strategic focus on opportunities that provide greater growth potential. During the year, we sold the LifeStent and TMR product lines and exited a distribution products business in Japan. In addition, we acquired the CardioVations product line, which complements our growing focus on minimally invasive cardiac surgery procedures. We made significant progress in our innovative transcatheter valve program, including commencing enrollment in the PARTNER pivotal trial in the U.S. and receiving CE Mark for our SAPIEN valve which is growing rapidly in Europe. In 2007, we also substantially increased our transcatheter investment to drive the long-term value of this transformational opportunity. We also made investments to strengthen our quality and information systems for future growth and finished the year with strong momentum achieving 10% sales growth in the quarter. Now, turning to a detailed fourth quarter results, on a reported basis, total sales for the quarter grew 10.3% to $293 million and grew 9.7% on an underlying basis. Reported growth was aided by foreign exchange and negatively impacted by discontinued businesses. Before I begin reviewing our product line sales, Carlyn Solomon, our Corporate Vice President of Critical Care, will take you through the results for his business. As you can see from the numbers, Critical Care had a very strong year. This business is approaching 40% of our total sales and its growth and profitability have accelerated over the last few years. Following a review of our sales results and an update on the partner trial, Tom will discuss the financial results. And with that, I would like to introduce Carlyn Solomon. Carlyn?
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: Thank you, Mike. I'm pleased to have the opportunity to discuss the Critical Care business with you. For the fourth quarter, Critical Care reported $113 million in sales, up 20%, which included a $4.8 million contribution from FX. On an underlying basis, fourth quarter sales grew 14.4%, the strongest quarterly growth rate of the year. Sales of new products, led by FloTrac continued to be the biggest growth driver this quarter. In the quarter, we increased share gains of our world-leading pressure monitoring product. Our focus on operational excellence has led to a high-quality platform with the ability to respond to demand increases for these products. In addition, a sharp up-tick in year-end sales of hardware products boosted our growth. For the full year 2007, our underlying growth rate exceeded 10%, and beat our original sales guidance. This represents the third year in a row of accelerating sales and improvement in gross profit margins. In addition, we are pleased to have exceeded our goal of doubling FloTrac sales for the year. Our renewed focus on innovation in Critical Care has been a primary growth driver for the franchise. In the fourth quarter, we introduced FloTrac enhancements to the U.S. market which allow clinicians to more easily trend patient status. And in 2008, we plan to introduce additional product enhancements that will enable FloTrac to address an even wider range of patients. In 2007, we expanded sales of PreSep, our central venous oximetry catheter for early detection of sepsis. PreSep sales increased about $3 million, which included just one full quarter of reimbursement in the important Japanese market. Detection and treatment of sepsis remains a clinical challenge and PreSep is beginning to gain adoption. Our hemofiltration product line grew 13% on an underlying basis for 2007, and we expect continued strong performance in 2008. Pressure monitoring had a strong fourth quarter as we continue to gain share as a result of our focus on operational excellence. We are also benefiting from a change in clinical practice, which emphasizes reducing infection rate, resulting in increased sales of our close blood sampling systems. We expect this trend to continue for the foreseeable future. With the innovation of our new monitoring platforms, we have expanded our focus to include selling hardware and service in addition to disposables. In the past year, we have seen steady growth in capital sales. The fourth quarter was particularly strong as we replaced a number of old-generation hardware systems with our innovative new Vigilance II monitors. Improving our rate of innovation, improving operational performance, and changing our business models to sell hardware and service has allowed us to have increasing growth rates over the last three years. Given our success in 2007, we believe we will achieve another strong year of strong sales and profit growth in 2008. Now, I will turn the call back over to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Carlyn. Reported sales for Heart Valve Therapy were $131 million for the fourth quarter, which included a $6.4 million contribution from foreign exchange. This represented a 9% growth rate over last year despite continued U.S. competitive pressure. For the full year 2007, growth in the U.S. was flat. We are focused on improving our performance in this region in 2008 by introducing new products, promoting minimally invasive valve procedures, and leveraging our recently expanded field sales organization. International markets led our sales growth as we continue to realize share gains from new product introductions. In Europe, our strong double-digit sales were driven by the expanded adoption of Magna Ease and Magna Mitral and with the launch of our SAPIEN valve in Europe, transcatheter heart valves contributed over $2 million. In Japan, the recent introduction of our PERIMOUNT Mitral valve helped drive double-digit sales growth and in emerging markets we also had strong double-digit growth. Overall, we believe that the heart valve market fundamentals remain unchanged. We estimate that global market growth averages about 3% to 5% annually, led mainly by unit growth. We believe that the U.S. growth was just below this range in 2007. On a global basis, the market continues to be driven by mechanical to tissue conversion and new product launches. Additionally, we believe that the launch of transcatheter valves in Europe will further stimulate market growth beginning in 2008. In Europe, we are pleased with the clinical performance of Magna mitral and continue to believe that this is also an important valve for U.S. patients. We are currently responding to FDA questions regarding preclinical bench testing and continue to work closely with regulators to further the approval process. We continue to anticipate a U.S. introduction in mid-year 2008. We are actively working to extend our Magna platform into the large U.S. aortic segment. Magna Ease, our next-generation aortic valve, builds on Magna's best-in-class hemodynamics and ThermaFix tissue treatment with enhanced ease of use. We launched Magna Ease in Europe during the second quarter of 2007 and are pleased with the level of enthusiasm it's generated. In July 2007, we submitted our PMA supplement to the FDA and have begun discussions with the agency. We continue to anticipate a U.S. launch for Magna Ease in 2009. Additionally, in Japan, we anticipate regulatory approval and reimbursement for our Magna aortic valve in the first quarter. We believe this market-leading valve's superior patient benefits will make it the number one heart valve in Japan. Further, we are pleased that the recently announced price adjustments in Japan are not expected to impact Edwards' valve reimbursement. And turning to repair, our growth in this product line has been slower than normal in 2007. In the third quarter of 2008, we plan to launch our Physio II Ring, which is the next-generation repair product for the degenerative segment of mitral repair. This happens to be the largest segment in the mitral valve repair and we have experienced most of the competitive activity there. Physio II represents the first significant innovation in this area in over a decade. Globally, we are forecasting a heart valve sales growth rate of 8% to 10% in 2008 driven by several components. In our international markets where we are already competing with products that are soon to be released in the U.S., we expect double-digit growth. In consideration of competitive product launches, we are forecasting a zero to 2% growth rate in the U.S. and lastly, transcatheter heart valve revenue is expected to contribute 4%, resulting in the total growth rate of 8% to 10%. Turning to our transcatheter heart valve platform in Europe, during the quarter, we were pleased to have received approval for our Ascendra delivery system for the SAPIEN valve. Both our Ascendra transapical and our RetroFlex transfemoral delivery systems are currently available for sale in Europe and clinician interest is very strong. We have broad participation in hospitals across Europe and we are continuing our disciplined launch in trained centers. We currently have 30 European centers that have placed orders and have the capability to train 3 to 4 centers per month. In addition, we continue to make progress in securing reimbursement in key European countries and are receiving support for reimbursing this innovation. Overall, we are making great progress in Europe. Demand for the SAPIEN valve is strong with our current selling price within our expected range of 15,000 to 22,000. We are increasingly confident that we will generate more than $20 million of global sales in 2008. At last week's STS Cardiac Surgery Meeting, our Ascendra transapical deliver system was featured in several presentations and generated considerable enthusiasm amongst clinicians. Early transapical results were presented, which established feasibility while illustrating the learning curve associated with this transformational technology in high-risk patients. This data supported the inclusion of Ascendra in the PARTNER trial and should accelerate enrollment. In Cardiac Surgery Systems, reported sales for the quarter decreased from $22 million to $15 million due to the 2006 sale of our Brazil-based Perfusion product line and the 2007 sales of the TMR product line. Cannula sales grew 4.3% during the quarter on an underlying basis. As you heard me say in our December Investor Conference, we have been reshaping this product line into a portfolio of products that complements our Heart Valve Therapy franchise. As surgeons think about the future, they are becoming more interested in minimally invasive therapies which are very attractive to patients. In late December, we completed our acquisition of CardioVations, which includes the PORT-ACCESS products for performing minimally invasive cardiac surgery. CardioVations is the leader in MIS procedures with 90% of their products used in valve cases. We are very excited about integrating these products into our portfolio and building upon this platform. In the fourth quarter, we recognized nominal sales and expect to generate sales of more than $20 million in 2008. Total reported sales of vascular products grew 19.5% this quarter and grew 17.1% on an underlying basis. The strong growth was driven by global sales of LifeStent products. For full year 2007, we achieved our goal of doubling global LifeStent sales and our high margin base vascular business, which includes our line of Fogarty clot management technologies was flat for the year. In January, we completed the sale of the LifeStent product line consistent with our long-term strategy. I'll remind you that Edwards will continue to pursue the PMA approval and provide manufacturing services as part of the agreement. As we previously announced, we terminated our distribution of a third party line of intra-aortic balloon pumps in Japan at year-end. This product line represented sales of $27 million in 2007. This decision enabled our Japan operations to increase their focus on selling FloTrac and PreSep, our recently approved Critical Care products. Now, I would like to provide an update on our transcatheter program. As announced last week, we received approval from the FDA to proceed with revised PARTNER trail design and add our Ascendra transapical delivery system. Having Ascendra in the trial gives cardiac surgeons an opportunity to partner in this transformational technology and most importantly it will allow us to address more patients. The recently approved trial design is consistent with what we presented at the Investor Conference in December. During the quarter, we received Canadian regulatory approval to add our three Canadian sites to the PARTNER trail, including Vancouver where Dr. John Webb and his team have performed over 150 transcatheter cases. To-date, we have enrolled over 130 patients in 11 centers and expect to have 15 trial sites enrolling by the end of the first quarter. We continue to believe our progress in the U.S. gives us at least a two-year lead over the next closest competitor. In addition, at the upcoming ACC meeting in March, Dr. Webb is expected to present results on his most transcatheter experiences. We continue to be pleased with our progress on the development of a next-generation transcatheter heart valve. This balloon-expandable valve will have a cobalt alloy frame which gives it a little lower profile without compromising the strength of the frame. Combining the new valve with the advanced delivery system will result in a 4 to 5 French [ph] reduction in overall profile. The valve's smaller delivery profile will make this technology available to an even wider group of patients. We continue to anticipate clinical implants of this new valve in the first half of 2008. Recently, we received conditional FDA approval to start a US feasibility trial of our SAPIEN value in the pulmonic position. While this is a modest market opportunity, we are able to leverage our transcatheter valve platform and RetroFlex delivery system to address this serious unmet need in patients with congenital heart disease. We expect to start this trial in the first half of 2008. Before I turn it over to Tom, I am pleased to report that we have had a successful re-inspection by FDA following up on our 2007 warning letter. The FDA also conducted a pre-PMA inspection for LifeStent and the few observations they noticed are being addressed. And now, I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you, Mike. In addition to the strong sales Mike and Carlyn already discussed, I am happy to say that our gross profit margin exceeded an all-time high, our earnings exceeded our expectations, and our free cash flow for the quarter was very strong. Reported earnings per diluted share for the fourth quarter were $0.27 compared to $0.34 last year. Excluding special items, our fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS was $0.56 compared to $0.55 last year. Our gross profit margin continued to improve in the fourth quarter, climbing to 66% compared to 63.3% for the same period last year. This improvement was driven primarily by a more profitable product mix. For the first quarter, our gross profit margin is expected to be slightly lower than the fourth quarter 2007 as a result of foreign exchange and our stent manufacturing agreement. For full year 2008, we continue to expect the gross profit margin improvement of 100 to 150 basis points over 2007. This improvement will build throughout the year as sales of new products continue to grow. For fourth quarter, SG&A expenses were $114 million or 39% of sales compared to $95 million last year. This increase was due to expected higher levels of spending for both SAPIEN valve launch in Europe and sales-related costs in the U.S., which we announced in July 2007, as well as a significant impact from foreign exchange. For 2008, we expect quarterly SG&A dollars to remain flat at our current levels. R&D investments in the quarter were $33.5 million or 11.4% of sales compared to $33 million last year. The increased level of spending was focused primarily on our transcatheter valve and Critical Care development effort. For 2008, we expect R&D as a percentage of sales to be approximately 11.5%. Net interest expense of $400,000 was unchanged on a year-over-year basis. For 2008, we expect net interest income of approximately $1 million. During the quarter, we recoded special items that resulted in a net $25.8 million pre-tax special charge. The components were, a worldwide realignment charge of $13.9 million, primarily related to our recently completed sale of the LifeStent product line; a charge of $7.1 million related to the previously announced closing of our Puerto Rico employee pension plan; a charge of $4.1 million related to an increase in our Swiss pension plan reserves, and the reversal of the prior quarter's $2.5 million gain in connection with the estimated insurance settlement from our warehouse fire in Brazil. We will ultimately recognize this gain upon receiving the settlement. Additionally, we recorded a $1.8 million gain on the sale of real estate development rights. For the fourth quarter, our reported tax rate was 19.4% compared to 12.7% a year ago. Excluding special items, our fourth quarter 2007 tax rate was 25.8%. For 2008, we continue to expect our tax rate to be approximately 26%. Foreign exchange rates positively impacted the fourth quarter sales by approximately $13 million on a year-over-year basis. Our forecast includes $36 million of benefit to 2008 sales. Free cash flow generated during the fourth quarter was $63 million, which we define as cash flow from operating activities of $77 million minus CapEx of $14 million. For the full year, we generated free cash flow of $153 million, which is at the upper end of our guidance. For 2008, we expect free cash flow to also be at the upper end of our $155 million to $165 million goal. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased 475,000 shares of common stock for $23.7 million. For the full year, we repurchased a total of 2.7 million shares for $131 million. On the balance sheet, total debt at December 31st was $212 million, which included $62 million of long-term debt and $150 million of convertible debt. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $70 million. Including receivables and our asset-backed securitization program, day sales outstanding for the quarter was 66 days, an improvement of seven days from the prior quarter. Inventories decreased $6 million from the prior quarter to $153 million, due largely to the exit of a distribution agreement in Japan. Turning to guidance, for Heart Valve Therapy we expect 2008 sales between $570 million to $590 million; in Critical Care, we expect $430 million to $450 million; in Cardiac Surgery Systems, we expect $75 million to $85 million; and in Vascular we expect sales of $75 million to $85 million also, which includes LifeStent manufacturing sales of $20 million to $25 million. All of these projections assume foreign currencies remain at current levels. Remember, as a result of exiting the Japan distribution agreement, we will no longer have a separate sales category for other distributed products. For the first quarter 2008, we are projecting total sales of $280 million to $290 million. And finally, as we presented in our December Investors Conference, earning growth in the first half of 2008 will be lower than the second half, primarily as a result of our continued higher level of spending, which began in mid-2007. Accordingly, we estimate that diluted EPS will be between $0.47 and $0.51 for the first quarter. And with that, I will turn it back over to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom. In summary, I believe Edwards is very well positioned for a strong 2008, which will be highlighted by a number of new product launches and progress on our pioneering transcatheter heart valve program. Additionally, we are very excited to be launching our SAPIEN transcatheter heart valve in Europe and anticipate its increasing contribution to sales throughout the year. We are going to remain focused on achieving our previously stated financial goals, which include generating total sales dollars between $1.16 billion and $1.21 billion, increasing our gross profit margin by 100 to 150 basis points, and generating free cash flow of $155 million to $165 million. Finally, for full year 2008, we estimate that diluted EPS will be between $2.32 and $2.40. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President, Investor Relations: In order to allow everyone a chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit your questions. If you have any additional questions, please re-enter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can during the call. Operator, we are ready to take questions, please. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Rick Wise with Bear Stearns.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, it's James filling in for Rick. I had a quick question on guidance. Mike, I am taking your 8% to 10% heart valve growth number for 2008, and then I look at the... and I apply that to your $515 million that you had this year and I get somewhere in the $560 million to $570 million range. And I am wondering what I am missing or maybe I am missing something that to get you to that $570 million to $590 million you guided for?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I don't know that you're missing anything, James. Again --
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Using... the 8% to 10% we referred to was with underlying growth rate, and when you look at the dollars, that includes the foreign exchange impact. Does that answer your question?
Unidentified Analyst: So you're saying it doesn't include foreign exchange, the 8% to 10%
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Correct.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That clears it up. Thanks.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: With foreign exchange, I think it puts it more in 10% to 15% range. If you do a straight calculation, I think it's 11% to 15%.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, appreciate it. And then one other quick question. I know in 2007 you sold LifeStent. Just looking ahead at the portfolio as it exists today, just wondering if you are comfortable with the way things are positioned going forward with the PARTNER trial and SAPIEN not coming in U.S. likely till '10 or '11. Just wanted to get your thoughts.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, we are very comfortable with where we are positioned today, and as we indicated at the time of selling the LifeStent product line, what it does, it gives us additional flexibility of the P&L that we still have available to us for other investments that we haven't yet named.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Kristen Stewart with Credit Suisse.
Kristin Stewart - Credit Suisse: Hi, good afternoon, good quarter. I just wanted to ask on the enrollment for the SAPIEN trial with PARTNER. It looks like you were looking for around 90 by the end of the year. You are at 130 now. How are things going relative to your expectations? It seems that everything still seems to be moving on track. Any change to your expectations in terms of when these trials may likely complete enrollment, particularly the Medicorm [ph]?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thanks Kristin. Actually, I think things are really going just the way that we had anticipated they would when we talked about it at the Investor Conference. So, we continue to be right on track for what we had indicated. So, recall that our goals are to complete enrollment at Cohort B by the end of 2008 and Cohort A goes into Q3 2009. We are very pleased that we have the Ascendra approval, which will accelerate enrollment in the trial and that one is... you have to really kick in, that's just working its way through the IRBs right now.
Kristin Stewart - Credit Suisse: Okay. Was that just conditional approval or was that a full on approval to Evista of late stage [ph]?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think FDA will call it a conditional approval, but none of the conditions are really meaningful. We just have to get this through the IRBs and we will be able to start.
Kristin Stewart - Credit Suisse: Okay. Perfect. Thanks. I will get back in the queue.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kristin.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup. Please state your question.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Two quick ones on SAPIEN in the quarter, can you just give us an idea of if there was any channel fill and how many procedures were done in Europe? And then secondly on repair, can you give us an idea of what your expectations for 2008 growth rates are and maybe quantify the level of pricing pressure that the market is facing for the mature products? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. First of all, you asked a question about SAPIEN sales and channel fill, most of the sales... we said that we had more than $2 million worth of sales, most of that sales really is on a shelf, Amt, it's not like there is $2 million worth of valves that were used in the quarter. The usage in the quarter is still relatively low. And I think this will continue to be the case here early on. And as it relates to the repair market, we'd say typically the repair market will grow in high single-digits. We would expect that to be the case. We don't feel any particular pricing pressure in this market. We see certainly more competition, especially in this more matured degenerative segment, which is why we are excited about launching Physio II, which will be really the biggest innovation that will happen in the degenerative segment in probably a decade.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Larry Biegelsen with Wachovia Securities.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia: Hi everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Mike, I am not sure you said how many centers in Europe are trained today and how many... and what your goal is by the end of the year?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Larry, thanks for the question. You know what, we had a lot of internal discussion on this one. Unfortunately when you start discussing training centers, that gets to be sort of murky because there are several levels of training and even when your dumb being trained that doesn't mean that you necessarily have been proctored and through your number of cases. I think the whole thing can be sort of confusing to the audience. And so what we have done is gone through how many centers have actually ordered. And so that was the number that I gave, which was 30 centers of order. We have more centers than that at... during some stage of training, but again it gets sort of murky depending on where you draw that line. Does that make sense?
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia: Did I hear you say that there is more than 30 centers in Europe in some stage of being trained today?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. That's correct.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia: Okay. My second question is, Tom, maybe you can just walk us through the change in the first quarter '08 guidance from I think $0.51 to $0.53 to $0.47 to $0.51?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Larry, I don't know that there is any change in the first quarter guidance. I think as a matter of fact, what Tom presented is pretty much exactly what we laid out at the Investor Conference in December, if you go back to what was presented there.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia: Okay, then what I have is wrong, I am sorry. I thought what you laid out for the first quarter was $0.51 to $0.53, and what you are laying out on the call today is $0.47 to $0.51. Is that my mistake?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No, I don't think so. I think you may have interpolated that off of the bar chart maybe.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia: Okay.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I don'tknow --
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have never given previous guidance for it.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I don't remember giving a number, Larry.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Choi with Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. If we could maybe just go back to Critical Care for a moment, and I will give it to either Mike or Carlyn, in terms of the out-performance here in the quarter. Are you seeing a up-tick in terms of disposable consumption on the FloTrac or is it more hardware sales that was the driver in the quarter here?
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: Thanks for the question, Paul, this is Carlyn. We actually saw strong sales in both areas. So we did see an up-tick in the hardware sales, but we saw very strong sales of FloTrac, strong sales of our pressure monitoring as we continue to take share as well there, and then our PreSep catheter also had a very good quarter. So it's kind of good quarter all the way around.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: Great. And then with respect to the hemofiltration business, which also seems to have picked up a bit and on the hardware side as well, are you seeing increased interest in terms of capital purchases, in terms of the buying cycle or would you call this a one-timer?
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: The hemofiltration business is one that actually has been growing, it slowed down a little bit in 2007 for us. We slowed down to about a 13% growth rate, still very strong. We anticipate that we will have a very good year in 2008. So it actually wasn't a pickup and, of course, that includes the sale of hardware and there is no significant bump-up against prior years and also includes sales of disposables and solutions around the world. We did extend in hemofiltration some of our geographical reach this last year and continue to anticipate doing that.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks, I'll jump back in queue.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Sara Michelmore with Cowen and Company. Please state your question.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company: Yes, thank you. Mike, you mentioned that you have... were making some progress over in Europe getting some reimbursement for SAPIEN. I was wondering if you could elaborate on exactly what was going on there. I know that it was not your expectation to have a formal reimbursement there, but can you give us some specifics on what the exact progress is and why you are added, maybe comment on where the funding is coming for the initial product sales here for SAPIEN. I don't think that we or you had expected it to be a constraint in the near-term, but I was wondering if you could just give us a little color where the hospitals are getting the money to buy the valve. Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. I will be happy to give you a little bit here, Sara, but you might find this a little bit disappointing because I won't give you extraordinary detail because to some extent we feel like this has competitive relevance. But I can tell you that we are focused in the major countries. We have made progress in France, in Italy, in Germany, and that we're able to get reimbursed in those centers very consistently with what we anticipated being reimbursed, and we don't... and even though, as you correctly pointed out, we don't have formal reimbursement in place. We are able to work within those systems such that we feel confident that we will be able to achieve our more than $20 million in 2008. But it is a... there are... it is a pretty complex process, as you might imagine, and I think we are really getting the [multiple speakers]
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Mike, it's fair to say it's a combination of sources. I think in some countries it's regional, in some cases it's the hospital itself and then others it goes to the national level.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company: Okay. But it sounds like you are happy with the progress you are making.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company: Okay. And then secondly, as you get into this launch, I know that procedural success is something that's very important for you guys to track. Can you just remind us how exactly are you tracking the procedural success here? And is there a way that you have thought about communicating that to us or updating us on the experience over in Europe? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's a good question, Sara. We are hyper focused on procedural success, and we really look at all aspects of procedural success when we measure ourselves. Probably the easiest one that people like to go to as some sort of an indicator is what 30-day mortality looks like associated with this group. And given that, this is a high-risk group of patients. You wouldn't expect them to do very well, and we like to find ourselves keeping that numbers 10% or less. We find there is a learning curve that's associated with that and we work pretty hard to make sure the new centers that come up are already well down the learning curve as they start up. I think you will see it routinely presented at upcoming surgeon meetings and cardiology meetings, it's so topical. I think it's the easy way to keep track of how that's going.
Sara Michelmore - Cowen and Company: Okay. Thanks very much.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Jason Mills with Canaccord Adams.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Thanks. Congratulations on a good quarter. Mike, starting with Critical Care, I was wondering if you could help us out with the gaining of quarterly revenue for 2008, and the reason we are doing this is we start sort of at the end of the year in fourth quarter and looking forward a year from now when you report your fourth quarter, are we going to be talking about the difficult comp, that is this fourth quarter, and therefore perhaps we should start now by modeling the fourth quarter of next year to reflect that difficult comp; therefore the first three quarters of the year which show growth rates significantly higher than the fourth quarter, you see where I'm going at. I just like to make sure that we are on the same page in the Critical Care side. I think it behooves you and us.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's great Jason. And let me make an introductory comment and since we've got an expert here with us, I'll let Carlyn provide a little color. Yes, indeed in the fourth quarter this year we saw some things here that may not be reproducible next year, particularly this up-tick in hardware sales. As we've changed out some of our older monitors into Vigilance II monitors, we've had a pretty good bump here towards the end of the year that may not be replicated in the end. But I'll let Carlyn comment on what we think that the trend will look like during the course of '08.
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: Yes. So Jason, Carlyn here. When you look at this business we feel like and have guided to this being an 8% to 10% growth business for 2008. And you're going to see relatively flat growth rates on an underlying basis as we kind of go throughout the year with a dip in Q4, so there is some dip there.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Okay. So relatively flat, meaning at that 8% to 10% range and then dipping below that range in the fourth quarter.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In terms of growth rate. It will be our highest sales quarter, but the growth rate won't look out...
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: It will follow a very similar seasonality, but as you expected and we stated fourth quarter was a big number this year.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Right. When you said relatively flat, I just didn't want anyone to think that, that meant zero, right, flat growth so. Right. So, and then secondly, on the Magna mitral side, obviously a sewer subject for the company given that -- we've kind of been expecting this for a while. So I guess, from what we are hearing Mike, you are not the only one here that, that's seen a delay when you are having exposure to a PMA or PMA supplement, vis--vis turnover at the FDA and frankly seemingly fewer people to deal with things at the FDA. I guess my first question is, is it the same reviewer now that you had two years ago or even a year ago, if you could help us out sort of with some of the logistical information? And also what could be the variance in potential timelines of approval understanding you've been bitten by this question before? But are we talking about a wide variance, in other words, a question such that you could receive approval tomorrow or third quarter, it's that wide?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Well let's start from the top, good questions. First of all, yes there have been changes at the FDA. There has been some more reviewers, I think it's probably changed two or three times since the approval a couple of years ago. So yes, it is some new people although there are some consistencies associated with this. And I almost hesitate to get in the business of predicting FDA approvals, just because it is so tough to do. I can tell you, what we built into our plans was a mid year approval which gives us... would give us bump in our sales rate and we give a growth rate in the U.S. of 0% to 2%, given the competitive nature of the U.S. market in 2008. Well, I think it sort of takes into account that range out being a little earlier or later or not in the year. Could it be a wide range? I'd have to say yes based on our past experience. It could be a wide range. I really find it difficult to nail this down with a great level of precision.
Jason Mills - Canaccord Adams: Fair enough. Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question is coming Glenn Reicin with Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Good evening, folks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Glenn.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: A couple of follow-ups here. I didn't hear the actual FloTrac sales for the quarter or for the year, if you could help us out there? And the same thing with PreSep, you gave us a sales increase, but you didn't really give us context as to how big that business is?
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: Glenn, this is Carlyn. So, for the year, for FloTrac we did in fact double our sales. We said that we've slightly overachieved the last year the $15 million and we more than doubled that, but really just a little bit. On the PreSep level, for the year we approached $10 million in sales.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and when you say more than double, is that like more than $33 million for FloTrac?
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: You are right in the ballpark.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then I am just trying to understand the SG&A progression for the year. It sounds to me just based on the guidance that your actual spending in SG&A in dollars will be very high in the first quarter moderating as the year progresses, and I guess on an absolute dollar basis be the highest in the fourth quarter. Is that a good way of looking at it?
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: No, actually I didn't do a great job of communicating Glenn. What I am trying to depict is a very flat SG&A next year in terms of dollars.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: So, what does that mean, like in the one?
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: And what I said as a mark as fourth quarter spending. So we reported I think 114 this quarter, saying it should be very flat next year with that. One of the drivers there is that investment in Europe is going to be probably heavier, we are getting in the training and making sure that we are getting up the heavy start there. And so, then the natural growth sort of flattens out, it sort of offsets that. And we end up at a relatively flat spending level throughout the year.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: That just leaves to a very back half revenue in terms of EPS growth?
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: Exactly.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the thing that's interesting about it, Glenn, is not back half driven because of some sort of sales spike. Right, actually, the sales are not very different between first half and second half. It's just that the comparisons change between the step up in spending in the second half of '07.
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: The seasonality of sales is pretty much as we saw in 2007. There is a also margin improvement going on Glenn that sort of also contributes much less than the expenses, but expenses are the biggest piece.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay. All right, I think I got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Mike Weinstein with JP Morgan.
Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan: Thank you, good afternoon guys. Let me start, just want to clarify first what you call the sharp uptick in that year end hardware product sales that helped the growth. You wanted to pick up some of that as being non-recurring, Mike. Is that like $2 million to $3 million as non-recurring or how should we think about that?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that's reasonable to think about it that way. I would say we always see some sort of an uptick. It seems as though hospitals sometimes use their budgets at year end to buy some hardware. It seemed like it was exaggerated this year probably because there were a number of hospitals that were replacing their old monitors with new Vigilance II monitors, but that was probably the key driver.
Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan: Okay. That is $2 billion to $3 billion, I don't want to put words in your mouth. Is that roughly the right range?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'll leave it to Carlyn here.
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: Yes, you are in the right neighborhood maybe a little bit higher.
Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan: Okay.
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: But you are right neighborhood.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mike, I would say it's in the neighborhood of three to four.
Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan: Okay, that's fine. Then wanted to talk about the base valve business, but it's kind of do math on your comments about currency and the safety and contribution in Europe, just that your base valve business organically was growing 1.5% to 2% that type of range. And if I do the math on your guidance for 2008, your valve business did imply a range of growth of 2% to 6% ex-safety and ex-currency?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That math is about right.
Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan: Whichis taking the base valve business growth next year organically... this year in '08?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What we projected for 2008 is this base valve business would grow around 4% to 6%. And that's a combination of the U.S. projected to be low because of competitive activity and outside U.S. being at double digits. And so that's at a higher rate, but an average after this year, but probably not very far off the fourth quarter.
Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan: And that's 4% to 6% --
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Without currency, Mike.
Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan: Yes, 4% to 6% without currency, but if you are saying 570 to 590 you are saying north of 20 million for safety and would say that currency benefited from the valve business is half the overall company's currency benefit for the year. It would seem like the range is maybe just a little bit skewed or and my math wrong here? We can walk through it later. Is that... but you are saying 4% to 6% growth --
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's an underlying growth.
Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan: Underlying growth, and your thoughts on the timing of that growth first half versus second half given Magna mitral and some of the other products?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think, yes, the growth rate is going to step up. And one of the drivers of that is... somewhat of it is mitral Magna but THV is probably even given more substantial driver of the growth rate of mitral valve. So, mitral valve growth rate is... does step up a little bit as it goes through the areas. I would say there is sequential improvement but the biggest driver is probably THV.
Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan: Okay, and last question Mike. As you mentioned the increase in the competition in the U.S. valve market, what are you seeing from a pricing standpoint from these competitors particularly one of the newer competitors? We keep hearing reports of being more aggressive in pricing which can be disruptive, so curious to hear what you are hearing.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, what... we haven't seen the competitor especially the new competitors in the marketplace in a big way. So I am not sure that we could really layout a benchmark. We also hear occasional reports that the prices could be low. I can tell you as it relates to our pricing, but still we are not seeing pricing move in the U.S. It's been very consistent and we still don't think this... the valve market is becoming a price game.
Mike Weinstein - JP Morgan: Got you. Great, thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tim Lee with Caris & Company.
Tim Lee - Caris & Company: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I know I am splitting hairs at this point, but in terms of SAPIEN, should we expect to see sales uptick here from these levels rather than the draw down on inventory here in Q1 '08, and how should we think about that?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think you should expect to see sequential improvement in valve sales, Tim, every quarter. And again because just the nature of this when a new account starts they will do some sort of a stocking order. I am not indicating that every valve is going to get used, but definitely we're expecting sales to sequentially step up.
Tim Lee - Caris & Company: And I know it's still very early days but I mean are there implants just still going into the high risk patients or are we seeing any of the average risk patients starting to get implanted with this device?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would say we are going... our centers are going after high risk patients. We're really not steering this toward patients that otherwise are good candidates for surgery.
Tim Lee - Caris & Company: Okay, thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Charles Chan [ph] with Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Just an housekeeping item. First of all, FX is a nice contributor, positive contributor during the quarter on the top line. Could you remind us again how FX flows to the P&L and would you be able to help us understand what the benefit may have been on EPS from FX during the quarter?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Sure, I will be happy to. There was about 13.5 I want to say on the top line, little bit more than we originally expected. And we do have instruments in place to hedge the downside, which sometimes take away a bit of the benefit when things go your way. But in some rates the bottom line it's about $2 million, $2.5 million of benefit and a full year-over-year comparison.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. That's very helpful. And you indicated that the inspection by the FDA is now complete, could you tell us what the next steps are going forward?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: As it relates to what Charles?
Unidentified Analyst: As it relates to the warning letter situation you had before.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think I look at that one and say that one is largely behind us. I mean obviously it's a situation where you need to stay in full compliance, but the issues that were found when they originally did their inspection back in 2006, and led to a warning letter in 2007 were reviewed in great detail when they were just recently in. And we got a very favorable report. So we really look at that one and saying that chapter is behind us. And although I am sure we are going to have a lot of interaction with FDA on many other compliance issues.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thanks for your help.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Ashim Anand with Natexis Bleichroeder.
Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder: Hi guys, thanks for taking my call and congrats on a nice quarter. Obviously the critical care did pretty well and you said that gross margins have improved on that segment. So I was wondering if you could tell us more about it.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: So overall, we have a number of products that are exceeding the corporate gross margin rate. So FloTrac does that, PreSep does that, and then we have some products that are more of our legacy products that don't meet the corporate growth rate... corporate gross margin rate. So, we have seen over the years that our improvement in gross margin has equaled or outpaced the corporation's improvement in gross margin. And... but still today if you take everything into account, we are below, critical care is below the corporate gross margin rate.
Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder: And going forward how should we think about this?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We continue to look at a 100 to 200 basis point improvement every year that's the target I am given by Mike to go after. So that's what we continue to work on.
Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder: And nothing specific for the critical care you can tell going forward.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Do you mean specifically on a gross margin rate?
Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder: On for critical care segment.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am sorry, I am not sure I understood the question, Ashim.
Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder: So, going forward we should expect gross margin improvements on critical care segments.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And from a broad perspective at Edwards we are continuing to indicate that we will have a 100 to 150 basis point improvement in 2008 and beyond for that matter, we've got a broad margin improvement effort that's been yielding a lot of results. Actually, as this manufacturing supply agreement sunsets, we are going to get a lift from that. And our new products are all operating at margins that are higher than our corporate average. So, we've got a lot of things that are lifting this up, but I'm pleased to say critical care, given the size of its business, whether it improves its margin, the way it has been over the last three years or so, and I think it will continue also as a contributor.
Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Kristen Stewart with Credit Suisse.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks for taking the call up. Tom, the tax rate that you have projected, I think it was 26%, does that include or exclude the R&D tax credit?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well, for us Kristin, it excludes it technically, but the difference is not significant. I would say, you are down to not all that meaningful of a number.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Okay. And any update on the Singapore manufacturing, where that stands and to what extent we'll start to see that come online throughout the year?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would say, that continues to go where it... what we are in right now is the validation of our processes. So that facility is in place, we are validating processes. We are looking forward to just continuing to ramp that up over time. It's going just the way we planned that we're very pleased with the way that's going.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Okay. And you had mentioned like, I think in your prepared remarks that you did not see any pushback on the price for the safety in product. You are still holding around 15,000 to 20,000 --
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's correct. Remember, when we did our modeling, we sort of said that we expected pricing to fall in that 15,000 to 22,000 range, where 22,000 is our list price, and it's turned out just that way so far.
Kristen Stewart - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Hi two quick follow-ups. Can you give us a quick update on MONARC, and also give us an update on the next steps and timelines for the Cook and CoreValv litigation? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks. Yes, first on MONARC, nothing has changed since the last time we gave you an update on that which was at the investor conference, which is we are doing follow-up on the approximately 60 patients that are part of the Evolution I trial to get really deep into all aspects of how their valves are performing here as we watch them on a longer term basis. I would say it will be complete without evaluation by the third quarter of this year at which time we will make a decision either to roll into Evolution II or take some other sort of strategy. As it relates to your other question here was about the recent announcement from Cook that they launched litigation in Germany. On that one we have not yet seen the complaints, although we have seen the patent. We continue to be very positive and confident in our IP portfolio, and I don't have an idea of what the timing would be on that. As it relates to the litigation against CoreValve in Germany, we are thinking that it's probable that there is a third quarter of 2008 action.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Glenn Reicin with Morgan Stanley.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Thanks for taking my question again. I'm just looking at the last chart in your press release where you are giving us underlying growth rates, and couldn't help but think what you were saying about pricing on valves. So if you look at 5.7% underlying growth for the quarter and then we take out the contribution from SAPIEN which is about a point and a half, you got roughly 4.2%, 4.3% underlying growth. What's the unit growth?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: What's the unit growth in that, for us or for the market?
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: No, for you guys.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the unit growth is probably very similar to that number. I'd say it's very close. There is really no change in pricing that's very substantial.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Even with mix?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know what; I'll tell you one thing that has happened. Because we have our growth outside the U.S. where pricing is a little lower than inside the U.S., we probably have higher unit growth now that I reflect on it, Glenn. We probably have higher unit growth from that, just because of the difference between pricing inside the U.S. and outside the U.S.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: You used to give us Magna penetration. I assume that hasn't changed much than in this past quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it's petty similar, right. We are saying Magna, you're saying as percentage of total Edwards' valve sales?
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, it runs in the high 50 some percent like...
Carlyn D. Solomon - Corporate Vice President, Critical Care: In the aortic position.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Right, in the aortic position 57%, something like that, 58%.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then you take two-thirds of that and that's total, Magna as a percentage of your total business?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, what that was is Magna as a percent of our sales in the aortic position.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Globally.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: And then you figure two-thirds are aortic, one-third would be mitral?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, but again you have to make the distinction between repair and replacement in the mitral side. So, don't forget to do that.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Sure. All right. There was one correction I wanted to do in my opening remarks I made a statement in regards to R&D spending in 2006, and I think I stated $33 million, which was the same number as '07 instead it was actually $30 million for 2006. So, in 2007 was a $3.5 million increase in R&D.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Well, thanks everybody for your continued interest in Edwards. Tom, David and I will welcome any additional questions by telephone, and with that, back to you David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours. To access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use account number 2995 and passcode 270419. I'll repeat those numbers 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, the account number is 2995, passcode 270419. Finally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David K. Erickson - VP, IR Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and CEO Thomas M. Abate - Corporate VP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Securities Glenn Novarro - Banc of America Securities Tim Nelson - Piper Jaffray Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley Chris Pasquale - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. Tim Lee - Caris & Company Amit Bhalla - Citigroup Alex Arrow - Lazard Capital Markets Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder
Operator: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Edwards Lifesciences Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. David Erickson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Erickson; you may begin.
David K. Erickson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Welcome and thank you for joining us today. Just after the close of regular trading, we released our third quarter 2007 financial results. During our call today, we'll focus our prepared remarks on information that complements the material included in the press release and financial schedules, and then allocate the remaining time for Q&A. Our presenters on today's call are Mike Mussallem, Chairman and CEO; and Tom Abate, CFO and Treasurer. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I'd like to remind you that during today's call, we will be making forward-looking statements that are based on estimates, assumptions and projections. These statements include, but aren't limited to sales, gross margin, net income, earnings per share, and free cash flow targets for 2007, the regulatory approval and sales of Heart Valve Therapy products including Magna mitral and Magna Ease, the competitive dynamics and market fundamentals of the Heart valve market, the continued adoption, expected sales and product enhancements of the FloTrac system and/or the LifeStent product line, the timing, progress and results of the PARTNER, RESILIENT and EVOLUTION clinical trials and the market opportunity for transcatheter technologies in general and European launch in 2008 sales of the Edwards SAPIEN valve. Although we believe them to be reasonable, these statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to... or experiences to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Information concerning factors that could cause actual results to materially differ from those in the forward-looking statements, may be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2006 and our other SEC filings which are available on our website at edwards.com. With that, I will turn the call that Mike Mussallem. Mike?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, David. We are pleased to report solid third quarter results. Total underlying sales growth trended up 7.8% with our Critical Care and Vascular franchises once again making significant contributions. In addition, we reached another significant milestone during the quarter as we received CE Mark to begin selling the SAPIEN Transcatheter Valve in Europe. Now turning to the quarterly results. On a reported basis, total sales for the quarter grew 5.7% to $261 million, and grew 7.8% on an underlying basis. Reported growth was aided by foreign exchange and negatively impacted by discontinued businesses. Year-to-date, our underlying sales growth was 5.5%. Now I'll shift to a more detailed review of our product line sales and an update on our new product pipeline and then Tom will discuss the financial results. Reported sales for Heart Valve Therapy grew 4.7% to $123 million, which included a $2.7 million contribution from foreign exchange. We are pleased to see our growth rate accelerate. We gained share globally led by double-digit growth in our line of Magna valves. In the emerging markets, we had very strong growth. In Europe, we had another solid quarter, driven by Magna Ease and Magna mitral and in the U.S. we achieved modest growth, led by a strong performance from Magna. Repair sales grew mid single-digits globally driven by our premium disease specific products. Overall, we continue to believe the heart valve market fundamentals remain unchanged. We continue to estimate that the global market growth averages about 3% to 5% annually, led mainly by unit growth, we believe that for the first nine months of the year U.S. growth has been at the lower end of this range. On a global basis, the market continues to be driven by mechanical to tissue valve conversion, and new product launches. We're pleased with the clinical performance of Magna mitral in Europe and believe that this is also an important valve for U.S. patients. We are looking forward to gaining U.S. approval as rapidly as possible. We recently received additional questions from the FDA regarding pre-clinical bench testing and are actively preparing our response. As a result, we're no longer confident that we'll obtain U.S. approval in the fourth quarter. During the second quarter, we launched Magna Ease, our next generation aortic valve in Europe. This valve builds on Magna's best-in-class hemodynamics and includes our ThermaFix enhanced tissue treatment. We are pleased with the level of enthusiasm this valve has generated with initial users because of its low profile and ease of implantation. European sales continue to ramp up steadily and we are looking forward to a U.S. introduction by the end of 2008. Additionally, we anticipate approval of our Magna aortic valves in Japan in the first half of 2008. We believe this market-leading valve's superior patient benefits will make it the number one heart valve in Japan. Our Edwards' ONE Surgeon Education Program continues to generate strong interest and we've added sessions to meet the increased demand. Edwards' ONE help repair surgeons for future transcatheter interventions by exposing them to the latest and innovative heart valve technologies and basic transcatheter training as well as intensive simulator-based learning experience. As we mentioned last quarter, in an effort to increase our field presence in the U.S., we have completed the initial cross training of our cardiac surgery sales force and they have already begun to sell heart valves in the fourth quarter. Edwards has built its leadership position in the heart valve market through close collaboration with leading clinicians. As examples, we partners with doctors... we partnered with doctors; Albert Starr and Alain Carpentier over the past several decades. Just this quarter, these innovators were honored by receiving the prestigious Lasker Award for Clinical Medical Research in their pioneer... and their pioneering efforts in heart valve therapy. We are very proud of their accomplishments. Critical Care had its strongest quarterly growth rate of the year, with sales of $97 million. The third quarter reported sales increased 13.7%, which included a $2 million contribution from foreign exchange. Global sales of FloTrac continued to be the biggest growth driver this quarter. In addition, continuing shares gains in our world leading pressure monitoring products also contributed to our growth. Earlier this month, at the European Society of Intensive Care Medicine in Berlin, we hosted several round table discussions on FloTrac and sponsored an educational symposium on hemodynamic monitoring. At the symposium, Professor Joachim Boldt presented his study of FloTrac showing improved accuracy in a broader range of patients. This study will be published in the Journal of Anesthesia. We are very pleased by the positive response of our FloTrac technology... the positive response that our FloTrac technology is receiving from leading European clinicians. We continue to make investments in FloTrac that enable it to address an even wider range of patients. We expect another enhancement to be introduced in the fourth quarter with additional enhancements coming throughout 2008. In August, we introduced our PediaSat Oximetry Catheter, the first continuous venous oxygen saturation monitor designed specifically for children. This advanced technology previously available only for adults, builds on our history of critical care innovations. We are receiving strong positive feedback from clinicians who currently have few options for monitoring children. In addition, our PreSep Central Venous Oximetry Catheter received reimbursement approval in Japan during the quarter, which further strengthens our large hemodynamic monitoring franchise in this market. For 2007, we remain confident in our ability to double our FloTrac sales and achieve a year of outstanding growth in Critical Care. In Cardiac Surgery Systems, reported sales for the quarter decreased from $21 million to $14 million; due to last year's sale of our Brazil-based profusion product line and this year's sale of the TMR product line. Cannula sales grew 3% during the quarter. Total reported sales of Vascular products grew 27.3% this quarter. The very strong growth was driven by global sales of LifeStent products, both U.S. and European physicians continue to adopt our FlexStar technology, in addition, base vascular products reported a slight increase. As we previously reported, 6 months data from the RESILIENT pivotal trial was presented last May at Euro PCR and the Phase II results were very encouraging. Tomorrow morning at TCT one year results from our RESILIENT trial will be presented. This important study has been designated as the blockbuster trial of the day. As a result, there will be an hour long session in the main arena dedicated to the RESILIENT trial including a presentation of the most recent results by Dr. Barry Katzen. During the second quarter, we submitted our application to the FDA for pre-market approval for an SFA indication. In addition to the RESILIENT data, this submission also incorporated both the new FlexStar delivery system and longer stents up to a 170 millimeters. During the third quarter, we received questions from the FDA which will require additional bench testing and we expect to respond in November. Although this did not reset the 180-day PMA clock, it has extended the approval time line and as a result, we will not receive an SFA indication by the end of this year. In 2007, we continue to expect to double our global stent sales and will maintain a 40% sales force in the U.S. while waiting to receive this landmark PMA approval for the SFA. As part of our ongoing strategy, the focus on proprietary products, we've decided to terminate our distribution of a third party's line of intra-aortic balloon pumps in Japan. This will enable our Japan operations to increase their focus on selling FloTrac and PreSep, our recently approved Critical Care products. This product line represents approximately $27 million in annual sales and we are terminating the distribution agreement at year-end. We anticipate that this action will have a moderately diluted impact in 2008. However, in... with an increased sales focus is expected to be accretive in 2009. At TCT, Edwards' leadership in transcatheter heart valves is being showcased in numerous presentations highlighting our clinical experience in over 500 cases. These presentations include data on the safety profile and outcomes in a high-risk patient population with limited life expectancy. In addition to these presentations, live cases are being performed which provide a good opportunity... a great opportunity to demonstrate the clinical progress we've made on this promising technology. In the U.S. we continue to make progress in our PARTNER trial, that's the pivotal trial of our SAPIEN valve and have currently enrolled over 60 patients. As expected during the quarter, we received FDA approval to expand to the 415 trial sites and 600 patients. It's taken us longer than expected to get the required individual site approvals however, its still our goal to have all 15 sites trained and enrolling patients by the end of the year. Our Ascendra transapical system is an important delivery alternative which will enable cardiac surgeons to also provide a minimally invasive treatment option. The FDA is allowing us to do additional feasibility cases in the U.S. as we seek approval to add Ascendra to the PARTNER trial. While we had hoped to have this completed by now, we'll continue to work with FDA to finalize the trial design. Although patient interest remains high, we now anticipate that enrollment in the PARTNER trial will be completed closer to the end of the 12 to 18-month timeframe that we initially projected. We continue to believe our progress in the U.S. gives us at least a two year lead over the next closest competitor. As we announced last month, we received CE Mark to begin selling the SAPIEN valve in Europe with our RetroFlex transfemoral delivery system and we remain confident that we will receive the CE Mark for the Ascendra transapical delivery system by the end of the year. As expected, we reached our goal of having 15 European reference centers trained by the end of the third quarter. Our European commercialization activities have begun and we are currently implementing a disciplined launch in training centers with available funding. Since receiving our CE Mark, we've seen an increase in the level of interest and enthusiasm for both cardiac surgeons and interventional cardiologist. We continue to expect to generate more than $20 million of transcatheter valve sales in 2008. We continue to be pleased with our progress and the development of a next generation transcatheter heart valve with the reduced delivery profile, enhanced durability and unsurpassed hemodynamics. With our smaller delivery profile, we will make this technology available for an even wider group of patients. We anticipate the first clinical use of this new valve in the first half of 2008. Recently, we also secured full ownership of the Andersen family of patents which relate to the transcatheter heart valve technology. Edwards previously had an exclusive license to these patents, they were acquired as part of the purchase of PVT in 2004. Last month, we entered into a transaction with Dr. Henning Andersen and his two co-inventors who assigned full ownership of the global Andersen patent portfolio to Edwards. We also acquired Johnson & Johnson's remaining license right to the Andersen patent which were obtained as part of the Heartport acquisition in 2001. These two transactions provide Edwards with greater overall control of the prosecution and enforcement of the Andersen patents in Europe and the U.S. Turning to transcatheter mitral repair, you'll recall during the first quarter, we completed enrollment in the 60-patient EVOLUTION I feasibility study of our MONARC system for the treatment of functional mitral regurgitation. Yesterday, at TCT, Professor Alec Vahanian [ph] presented updated interim results from the study which demonstrated encouraging efficacy in the majority of patients in six months. Professor Vahanian also reported that the number of the patient experienced an undesirable compression of the coronary vessel, three of which resulted in clinically significant events. We'll be collecting and analyzing additional clinical data and have decided to postpone enrolment of EVOLUTION II until 2008 when that analysis is complete. We are continuing to pursue this technology and remain confident of patients with functional mitro-regurgitation represent a very large and attractive potential market with few treatment options. As TCT continues, there will be additional clinical discussions and case presentations featuring our transcatheter technologies and peripheral vascular products. In addition, on Wednesday we will be hosting an analyst lunch featuring Dr. Gus Pichard who will share his clinical experience with our SAPIEN transcatheter valve and RetroFlex delivery system. And Dr. Alex Powell will discuss the one year results from our RESILIENT trial. For more information or to RSVP to this event, please contact our Investor Relations department. Now I will turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you, Mike. Reported Earnings per diluted share for the third quarter were $0.48 compared to $0.45 last year. Excluding special items, our third quarter 2007 non-GAAP EPS was $0.46 compared to $0.47 last year. Our gross profit margin for the third quarter was 65.3% compared to 64.7% in the same period last year. This 60 point basis point improvement was due to a more profitable profit mix and the positive impact from foreign exchange, partially offset by operating costs specific to the quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect the rate to improve, but fall below our prior guidance of 66%. Due to our hedging contracts, today's exchange rates have a slightly negative impact on our gross margin. For the full year 2007, we continue to expect an improvement between 100 to 150 basis points. Third quarter SG&A expenses were $103 million or 39.5% of sales. This expected higher level of spending was due to additional investments for the SAPIEN valve launch in Europe, higher sales related spending in the U.S. and the impact from foreign exchange. For the fourth quarter, we expect SG&A as a percentage of sales to fall below 39%. R&D investments in the quarter were $31 million or 11.8% of sales compared to $28 million last year. The increased level of spending was focused primarily on our transcatheter valve and Critical Care development efforts. For the fourth quarter, we expect R&D as a percentage of sales to remain at approximately 12%. Net interest expense of $400,000 was lower than the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower interest expense on our declining average debt balance. For the fourth quarter, we expect net interest expense to remain around this level. During the quarter, a third party warehouse fire destroyed our inventory in Brazil, but did not result in a significant destruction of operations. We recorded a $2.5 million special pre-tax gain in the quarter in connection with the estimated insurance settlement. In the fourth quarter, we expect to close our Puerto Rico employee pension plan by distributing the assets to the beneficiary. To fully fund the distribution in accordance with IRS rules, we will record a pre-tax charge of approximately $9 million For the third quarter, our reported tax rate was 25% compared to 24.3% a year ago. Excluding special items in both years, our tax rate was 24% for third quarter of 2007 and 25.1% for 2006. The reduced rate in 2007 resulted primarily from the favorable results of our 2006 U.S. tax return filing and the settlement of a foreign tax order. For fourth quarter, we expect our rate to be approximately 26%. When compared to the same quarter last year, foreign exchange rates positively impacted the third quarter sales by approximately $6 million. At current foreign exchange rate, we estimate a $10 million benefit to sales in the fourth quarter. Free cash flow generated during the third quarter was $43.7 million, which we define as cash flow from operating activities of $59 million minus CapEx of $16 million. For 2007, we continue to expect free cash flow of $145 million to $155 million. During the third quarter, we repurchased 1 million shares of common stock for $47 million. We have now repurchased 2.2 million shares this year for $107 million and expect to continue to actively repurchase. As previously announced, during its regularly scheduled meeting at September, our Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program to acquire up to $250 million of additional shares. On the balance sheet, total debt at September 30th was $211 million, which included $61 million of long-term debt and $150 million of convertible debentures. Net debt at the end of the quarter was $35 million, a decrease of $7 million from the second quarter. Including receivables and our asset-backed securitization program, day sales outstanding for the quarter was 73 days; inventories were up from the prior quarter to $158 million. Now, turning to guidance. Our previous full year expectations remain unchanged. However, results may trend towards lower end of our sales and earnings guidance ranges, if mitral Magna is not approved in the fourth quarter. Just as a reminder, we expect our full year 2007 sales to be between $1.070 billion and $1.110 billion. For Heart Valve Therapy, we expect sales between $510 million and $512... $520 million. In Critical Care, we expect $385 million to $395 million. In Cardiac Surgery Systems, we expect $55 million to $60 million and lastly, in Vascular, we expect $85 million to $95 million. All of these projections assume foreign currencies remain at current level. For the fourth quarter 2007, we are projecting total sales of $275 million to $285 million. We estimate that fourth quarter diluted EPS will be between $0.52 and $0.54 and continue to expect full year non-GAAP diluted earnings per share between $2.08 and $2.12. With that I'll turn it back over to Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom. You know even with the more unpredictable new product approval environment, our Heart valve Therapy growth rate is improving, in part due to the decisive actions we are taking to increase our market share. Further, we believe the heart valve market is poised for additional growth in 2008 with the introduction of our transcatheter heart valve technology in Europe. In addition, our Critical Care franchise is evolving into a robust platform that's lifting the growth rate of the company and will continue to contribute more significantly to Edwards' performance than it has historically. In all, we remain convinced that Edwards has a bright future as the leader in the treatment of the advanced cardiovascular disease. Before I open it up for questions, I would like to remind you about our 2007 investor conference which will be held in New York on Friday, December 7th. At this event, we'll provide an update on our new technologies as well as a detailed financial outlook for 2008. We've also lined up several leading clinicians who will share their experiences with our transcatheter valve technologies. Additional details will be sent out shortly. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you, Mike. In order to allow everyone a chance to ask a question, we ask that you limit your questions. If you have additional follow up questions, please re-enter the queue and we'll answer as many as we can during the call. Operator, we are ready to take questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions]. Our first question is coming from Paul Choi with Merrill Lynch. Please state your question.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: Hi, thank you, good afternoon. Could you Mike, please give us a little more color on the sort of data that the FDA is requesting with respect for the Magna mitral and your expectations for a time of delivery of those particular responses to their question.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thanks Paul. Yes we were... we are a little surprised by this Paul. Recall, this is a PMA supplement and what they've asked us for actually is some more detail and some more analysis around bench testing that's been associated with this valve and so we are going through that right now and we expect to respond to them shortly. But frankly, its... it had surprised us and so this is why we are showing uncertainty and exactly when we are going to be able to get this approval. So although I would like to be able to really pin it down to a more precise date, we just don't know right now, Paul.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: So, it's more... there is no safety data request, just performance that you can do in-house, correct?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you know the... this platform is really built off the very same platform that's out there in our Magna valve which is the market leading valve and has an incredible profile in terms of safety and performance, but what FDA has asked us for is beyond what they have asked us for historically and so that's why we have not anticipated this and so we are generating additional data and again it... it's bench testing and analysis that supports that.
Paul Choi - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much, I will jump back in queue.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Larry Biegelsen with Wachovia Securities. Please place your question.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Securities: Hi, thanks for taking my call. Can everybody hear me okay?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I can hear you great, Larry.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Hi Larry.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Securities: Mike, last call you said that you would expect double-digit EPS growth in 2008. Is that still intact and can you be more specific on what you meant by double-digit growth and also how dilutive will the Japanese deal be?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thanks Larry. I am not going to give you a real satisfying answer here, what we do is, we go through a very detailed process that's actually going to be completed at the end of this month and the first of next month, when we go through and make all our trade-offs for 2008. And following that, we will have some very detailed guidance that we'll be able to provide when we come to you and see you at the investor conference in early December. What I said on the last call is we have an internal goal, we would like to get this to double-digits, we would like to get this to 10% for next year, but we really need to work through the trade-offs and make sure that its in the best interest of the business and shareholders to run it that way. In terms of this particular transaction, as I mentioned, its $27 million worth of annual sales and so when that goes away, the gross profit contribution associated with that also goes away. That's in the... say in the $10 million neighborhood. Now, we have a couple of choices in terms of the way we run that. We can... this is sold by the same sales force that sells our Critical Care products in Japan. So we can either reduce that expense or we can redeploy the sales force to sell more of our new exciting Critical Care products like FloTrac and PreSep and it's probably going to be a balance of both. And so the reason that we said that there will be some moderate dilution in '08 is we are anticipating that we're going to do some redirecting of that sales force, which means that we... while they are ramping up here, we won't get the full benefit of their efforts. But we expect to get the full benefits to that and that will turn out to be a good deal for people from 2009.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Securities: And percutaneous valves or transcatheter valves in the fourth quarter, should we expect any sales at all in Europe in 4Q 'O7 and if so, can you give us a little bit of sense of what that looks like?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well thanks, Larry; and again we're going to have to let the others ask questions as well. But in the fourth quarter, we've already begun sales for transcatheter valves, but as we said before, we expect these to be really insignificant, pretty modest in the fourth quarter, while we are ramping up. So if we do get better sales there sort of it will be an upside to what we are projecting, its not really in our numbers for Q4.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Securities: Thanks, I'll get back in the queue.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the Glenn Novarro with Banc of America Securities. Please state your question.
Glenn Novarro - Banc of America Securities: Hi, yes. Two questions; first, it really sounds like Magna mitral won't be approved here in the fourth quarter. So just to clarify, are you more comfortable therefore at $0.62 in terms of EPS and $275 million in revenues, is question one. And then, can you remind us, the PARTNER trail, just to clarify, when do you now expect that trial to officially end enrollment? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Yes, Glenn, I'll start out here and Tom can add to this. Yes, what we said about mitral Magna is, if it doesn't show up in the fourth quarter and again maybe for being conservative, we should have assumed that say it doesn't happen, we give $0.52 to $0.54 range and we said, we'll be at the low end of sales and profit. So you interpreted that correctly Glenn to say, yes, closer to the $0.52 on profit; yes, closer to $2.75. Obviously there is many other variables, but that's sort a bit on a high level. Tom, do you have any thing to add to that?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No, that covers it, Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And the... PARTNER trial, again what was your question specifically about?
Glenn Novarro - Banc of America Securities: Like you to add, can you... because you said, there is a little bit delay in terms of enrollment --
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Glenn Novarro - Banc of America Securities: And then on the call that it looks like its going to be closer to 18 months in terms of enrollment. So I just wondered if you can just clarify to us, exactly you know, it is early '09, specific in terms of when you expect to enroll?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, we are still about... thanks very much for that Glenn. No, we are still talking about 2008 there. Then just to give you a little bit more color there's two specific reasons that probably heard us here, that we said... remember, we started this trial at the end of Q1 of last... of this year and so we are talking about... that was the guidance we gave at that time that would take us 12 to 18 months to enroll from there. The reason that we've gone slower than we would have liked is one, we have added a tougher time getting centers up. It's a combination of... it took a little longer to get through the IRBs. These were just the fairly complex protocol for them, they have proven. And also FDA has plugged themselves in the process and probably added an extra 30 based on top of it that we hadn't anticipated. And though that's over at this point, we don't think that the FDA is going to do that any longer and we do expect to have 15 sites off then hopefully enrolling here before the end of the year. But the other thing that's happened Glenn is, because we don't have transapical in the trial, it takes a group of patients out of that and again we're working hard to get transapical added into the trial but that also slows things down a little bit.
Glenn Novarro - Banc of America Securities: Just one more... one last follow-up on Magna mitral. Is there... lets say the FDA approves this December 15th. In your booked revenues, the last two weeks, can you ship product or post a certainty in December, its best just to launch it in January.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, in general there Glenn, I think you should anticipate that we would have sales up, if we got it in the 15th of December, but this isn't one of those product lines where you would do a lot of stacking of shelves and get a whole quarter's worth of sales on the last two weeks. So I wouldn't look it at that way, I would look at it more, little bit more, sort of measured across the quarter.
Glenn Novarro - Banc of America Securities: Okay, Thanks for the clarity. Thanks Mike.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tim Nelson with Piper Jaffray. Please state your question.
Tim Nelson - Piper Jaffray: I just... on the PARTNER's trial, if you will. If you got the Ascendra approved, how fast could you... how much of that is enrollment?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know this could have a... we think it could have a substantial difference. Of course it's a little bit of speculation, Jim, but when we think about people that now they don't get into the trial. One of the key reasons why they don't get into the trial is access reasons and so the transapical, the Asendra delivery system makes a difference. And so, it certainly steps up the rate substantially from where we would be today. So I don't know how to put that exactly in time. It depends on when we get it, but I think enrollment would be substantially faster.
Tim Nelson - Piper Jaffray: What are the issues with the FDA in allowing you to include that material and what you need to do?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There... one of the things they'd like to do is they have all the data be poolable, Tim and so they're going through and analyzing our results as it relates to transapical and they also want to make sure the trial is very statistically sound. And so these are things that influence and then... we're talking through two different options in terms of how it might be able to add it to the trial. We're confident we're going to be able to ultimately do it. But we're trying to end up with the trial that's really good for patients and also going to have a favorable outcome.
Tim Nelson - Piper Jaffray: But one way or the other, would you take a decision on that in this quarter?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'd like to think so. Our goal is to certainly have a decision this quarter, but it's possible that it could drag out. If they agree with us, we'll have a decision this quarter but we're... this is kind of a top priority for us Tim.
Tim Nelson - Piper Jaffray: On license, can you give us a little better feel for when that final approval might come. What that delay is about and when in '08 you may?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay thanks Tim. And we're going to have to make sure that we get everybody a chance to ask questions. Right now, we would say that we expect to have our LifeStent response in by November and so it would restart the clock. So if everything went just great, we will have an approval in the first quarter; if we get additional questions, it will go beyond that, but right now we are hopeful that it's more near term.
Tim Nelson - Piper Jaffray: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Glenn Reicin with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Hi, can you hear me?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes,hear you great, go ahead.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay, two questions. If in fact LifeStent, the approval doesn't come in the first quarter but it comes later. Is that actually material to 2008 sales and which is that label really make a difference at the end of the day? And then on the transapical delay, are you absolutely certain that it will be part of the PARTNER's trial and what are the prospects for you doing just the whole separate approval track for that approach?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Yes, let's try and work through those, Glenn. So, your first question is, if we didn't get it in Q1, will that be material to us? I would say, the ability to promote is certainly a positive, when we say, that's a big positive. You know we have not given guidance for 2008, so it's probably little tough to talk about materiality, but the other thing that goes along with that is our sales force. And because we haven't made decisions yet on ramping up sales force, that's an additional factor and we are probably going to tie our sales force addition to the approval, Glenn and those will go together. In terms of the transapical delay and will we be able to add up to the PARTNER trial; if you were to ask us internally, we do believe that we are going to be able to add up to the PARTNER trial. We don't think that there is any philosophical or fundamental issue that's going to keep it out of that. But you know we are still also considering the option of a separate trial and that's something we will consider in addition to adding to the PARTNER trial and we're working through that whole internal decision process ourselves.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: And what's the give and take, I know... how does that really affect, whether it's a separate trial or PARTNER?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well I guess it's just its additional patient experience. It allows more surgeons to get involved with the transapical procedure, which we... there is a tremendous amount of demand out there for them to be able to do exactly that.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I'll get back in line.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Weinstein with J.P. Morgan. Please state your question.
Chris Pasquale - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.: Hi, this is Chris Pasquale here for Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Chris.
Chris Pasquale - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.: Couple of topics. First, the valve repair growth has been down in the mid single-digit range now for about three quarters. And this was a segment that had been growing I think low double-digits prior to that. Is this an inflection point in the market growth, or you guys loosing share, can you help us understand what's happening there and whether we should model it like this, going forward?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think your observation is correct. It has been growing more slowly, recently. What we have is that most of our growth here is coming in our premium products, our more indication specific product. And we've had increased competition in the products that are more matured. And so I don't think it's a change in the market growth rate. I do think that we have had some share loss in the more matured product.
Chris Pasquale - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.: Is there something that's likely to change in the near future or...
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we constantly are going to keep working on that. But clearly, the competitors, I think are focused on being able to get into this repair marketplace and I think that although repair will continue to grow, that will probably be a more competitive segment.
Chris Pasquale - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.: And then on PARTNER, I don't think you mentioned how many centers were possible for the interim in the quarter, can you just update us on how many centers --
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am sorry. Can you clarify that question?
Chris Pasquale - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.: How many centers are up and running right now and actually enrolling patients in the trial as of 15th?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know, I don't want to... I am guessing right now that we have six centers up in PARTNER right now that are actually up there. They are certainly more than that trained, you know what, I am not certain of Chris is the difference between the trained numbers and the enrolling numbers.
Chris Pasquale - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.: Right.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think we are in the 5-6 range on the enrolling, but the trained numbers is... may be twice that.
Chris Pasquale - J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.: Okay, thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Tim Lee with Caris & Company. Please state your question.
Tim Lee - Caris & Company: Hey, good afternoon. Just two quick questions here; first, from a housekeeping standpoint, can you give us the numbers for FloTrac and LifeStent and then just on that kind of same vein, looking at fourth quarter then what should we kind of think of the contribution from discontinued products are? Hope we're trying to get what your organic growth could be in the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me take a shot at it. FloTrac and LifeStent Tim, we're trying to stay out of reporting quarterly numbers on those product lines, around both those product lines what we indicated at the start of the year as we expected those, their sales to double in 2007 versus what they did in 2006, and we are right on track to do that. I think if you looked at the growth rates in Critical Care and in the Vascular product line, you'll see that they're driven by these new products and so they are growing nicely. We get back into it and maybe our guys can give some additional color here, if you want to talk to him after the call. Tom, can you get back to --
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: You may have here on Tim. Fourth quarter, you are looking for specific things.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You want a full year or run rate or what would be ideal, Tim?
Tim Lee - Caris & Company: All the above. How's that?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let me talk about what it is --
Tim Lee - Caris & Company: No, or... its fourth quarter is fine, I mean whatever these are?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well, you know third quarter we've got $10 million and nine months to-date it's about $31 million, $32 million and that should be... I don't have this full year number in front of me, but it should probably drop down. I want to say something around in the neighborhood, 6 or 7 in the fourth quarter, but you can double check on that detail.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But again it will pop up again starting in 2008 as we discontinue our distributed business in Japan.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That will start over the next year, that's correct.
Tim Lee - Caris & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Amit Bhalla with Citigroup. Please state your question.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. First question, you mentioned you are designing a new valve for the transcatheter program. As you move to smaller valve sizes, do you need to move to a self-expanding stent platform?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know what, we've not spoken to that particular, but the short answer is almost no, that's not a self-expanding platform, we're able apply technology to our balloon expandable platform and be able to do that. What we're excited about is that we're going to be able to take substantial size out of this system maybe four French sizes out of this which will make it far more deliverable and applicable to more patients.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: So what does that get you down to?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, you know there what happens is always difficult for us to throw out a specific number because in our case, we have various valve sizes. Recall, we have a 23millimeter, a 26 millimeter, we're going to have a 29 millimeter valve and each of those will have slightly different delivery dimensions. So, we'll have some that are below 20 French, but we might actually have some that are... I don't know 21 French. So, it sort of... it depends on valve size, but usually in the good news is that you need a big valve usually your anatomy feel bigger too.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Okay. And just second question here, there's been some discussion at TCT about pacemakers being implanted in the older patients post transcatheter valve procedures. Can you comment on that? What kind of experience you are seeing in your patients?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes I think... if I remember correct what John Webb reported recently and maybe also was repeated out of Colombia was a pacemaker implantation and what I want to say was in the maybe the 3% 4% rate and as far as I understand the competitive valve had one... its may be 10 times that rate or running much higher and I can't explain exactly why that is, but it appears that there is a difference at this point in time although we will say that the data is still early for both valves.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: But is that due to a geographic difference or is there a products difference?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know I would be speculating at this point. I think it's probably best to talk to clinicians about what they think the difference might be.
Amit Bhalla - Citigroup: Okay, thanks for the questions.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: : Sure.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Kristen Stewart [ph] with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. I was just wondering if you could comment a little bit more on the patents... the Andersen patterns that you have now for ownership of? Did you have to pay anything to support them or pay anything to J&J for them to give up their licensing rights?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, thanks for the question. I know this may be sounds a little bit confusing to the audience because this was one that we already had exclusive license to, but all we've done is to step this up to full ownership and actually there was a financial transaction both with Dr. Andersen and also with Johnson & Johnson, although we are not disclosing the terms of that and then is not really material for Edwards, is pretty nominal sort of terms. But what it does is it puts us in the position to have greater overall control of the prosecution and the enforcement of these which is important, and you know we are already in an enforcement action in Europe and so we wanted to have maximum control as we are going through that process which we would expect to be tested overtime.
Unidentified Analyst: Are there any other payments that are required going out?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know, for the most part, this clears it all up, there is a little bit that we will be going across and that's really nominal, its really not material to us and so really is pretty much all in at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: areas, they are increasingly more conservative you're seeing it with the Magna valve and your SFX right now. How do think by going forward just in terms of as you look to further develop the transcatheter program that's bringing in additional sizes, bringing it below a 20 French, is that something that you may consider doing to hold up your existing trial to get that in or is that something where you'd have to start a whole new trial down the road only you have several years to bring that forward to the market?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, a couple of things; one is, we know that FDA is working hard to make sure that they protect the public and so they are... I think they're pushing everybody to make sure that we do a great job with the products that we bring to market and we feel like we know more about heart valves than most people and we are pretty expert at this. So we still have struggled to be able to predict our approval times and so we are a sort of taking up our level of effort and our commitment to try and deliver even more than we have in the past and we know that the burden of proof is probably just higher today than it has been in the past. In terms of going forward, I hate to generalize on things. When we go to our next generation valve, we are anticipating that, that will be a new approval process with a new clinical trial. I think when we had changes to delivery systems for the most part, we expect that to be supplements, but it depends on the nature of the change of course, but we've sort of thought this through in terms of what's going to happen next if there is more specificity we are open to the questions.
Unidentified Analyst: So 20 French system wouldn't be more of a supplement type of process?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, its all this specifically, if we talk about our next generation system, we would expect this to be a... we should... we think of it as a new approval process. It's not clear exactly how that will go, but what we are expecting here is that we'll have a new approval process that we'll work through. Although, I would also tell you I don't think that next time through the approval process will be as long as the first time for us.
Unidentified Analyst: : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Alex Arrow with Lazard Capital Market, please state your question.
Alex Arrow - Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks. Could you tell us how your inventory is situated for SAPIEN for your European launch, now that you're launched there, should we assume that you got enough SAPIEN to meet whatever demand there is in Europe or is there a supply issue to consider?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We... you may have noticed our... actually our inventory numbers stepped up a little bit this quarter versus last. We built an inventory, it's in place. We feel like we've --.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Definitely one of the reasons for the increases in inventory along with Magna mitral.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: So we feel like we have the inventory in place to be able to support the launch and don't expect that to be a constraining factor.
Alex Arrow - Lazard Capital Markets: Good. Would you be willing to be quantitative in... how many valves you have ready?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, probably not. But, I would say we built a couple of million dollars worth of inventory.
Alex Arrow - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And can you say how long, is it a fair question, that's how long it takes to make a SAPIEN valve?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You know we are not finding making this valve as grossly different than making one of our traditional heart valves. Since all this is a... it's a process and we have actually people that would make the surgical heart valves. Those are the same people have been trained to be able to make this and there is not a big difference Alex between the time and effort. The costs are little higher now, but it's pretty straight forward and we expect here with a little bit of volume that it will be very similar in terms of manufacturing capability and output.
Alex Arrow - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay thanks. And I apologize, I jumped on the call late, did you give updates on the enrollment status of the U.S. PARTNER trial, if so I can just go back and get it?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We did. I don't know if we... we said it specifically but in the prepared comments we said more then 60 patients at this point and we expect to have 15 sites that will be trained and hopefully enrolled in by the end of the year in the U.S.
Alex Arrow - Lazard Capital Markets: Can you say how many sites have enrolled so far?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We said that it is in 5-6 range.
Alex Arrow - Lazard Capital Markets: Great, thanks Mike.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashim Anand with Natexis Bleichroeder. Please state your question.
Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thanks for taking my call. Two questions, one is, you said you gained market share in heart valve, so if you can comment on from where did you gain that? And second is basically regarding distributor products in terms of corporate strategy; if you can comment, it looks like you are moving away from distributed product and focusing on critical care and this is resulting into a dilution whereas we see that Critical Care actually provides higher gross margins. And also we see that you have an increase in investments from unconsolidated affiliates. Is this regarding this transaction?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay, let me try to work to him. The first question related to market share, could you say that again please.
Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder: So, you said that you gained market share in heart valves, so if you could comment from where you would have... which firm you would have gained the market share?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, most of the... I don't know exactly where it came from in terms of what firms we gained from. But this would have been primarily international growth, that's where we saw specially saw in Europe and in... what we call Intercontinental, which is Asia and Latin America. So that's where the growth in particular came within heart valves. In terms of distributed products and that is the strategy, we don't have very many distributed products, we used to do much more of that in the past, but as we have sharpened our focus on the products that we manufacture, meaning those ones that are in particularly that are proprietary products with leadership position. It's a much better use of our people's time to be able to offer those to physician and so by discontinuing... focusing on the distributed products and focus on our proprietary ultimately this is going to be very good for not only our customers from the technology point of view, but also for our profitability and our growth. And although there maybe some short-term dilution, we don't think that's going to last very long and we think its going to be accretive, as they focus on our new products in Japan, and I am still not sure that I followed the last question as you did, Tom.
Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder: Investments in unconsolidated affiliates has gone up. I was wondering if this was related to this Japan transaction?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No, actually it's related to the investments we need to carry on the balance sheet, have to be marked mark-to-market and as a result the Sangamo's appreciation, that's primarily the lion share of that change.
Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder: Okay.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, remember we own quite a bit of Sangamo stocks as a result of the most recent transaction.
Ashim Anand - Natexis Bleichroeder: Thank you.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. Next question?
Operator: Our next comes from Larry Biegelsen with Wachovia Securities. Please state you question.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Securities: Thanks for taking the call. Mike, could you please just clarify, you said over 60 patients involved in PARTNER, is that the same as treated, if you could just clarify on that. And I still... I wanted to revisit the hang up on Ascendra. You talked about the poolablity, can you talk about whether there is... it has anything to do with the clinical trial results from the feasibility study in the U.S. Is that part of the issue? It's still unclear to me, what the hang up is with the FDA?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well first, the 60-patient number is an enrollment number, not a treatment number, okay. And now in terms of the Ascendra trial, we are trying to work through this, right now. There is... the poolability of data; most I think have to do with the maturity of the data. So we've been asked to transfer them all for longer. And we have far fewer cases in the U.S. with the transapical procedure and so trying to do those comparisons, that's been more challenging. FDA has given us more time to collect that data and also given us more patients, gave us an additional group of patients so that we can continue to enroll in the U.S. And we are just been trying to generate that data while we reach a conclusion on how to make sure that this trial is designed in such a way that it's a fair deal.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Securities: So, it has nothing to do with the results of the feasibility, with the trial at the U.S. whether with the results and also can you tell us how many patients have been treated in U.S. Mike? Thanks.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.I don't remember how many have been treated in the U.S. area. Its... it must be in the dozens range, but I have to think about what that number is. It must be around 30 or so. But I think it's not so much that results. We don't have enough results to have significance here so that we can say certainly that it is comparable to what we have today.
Larry Biegelsen - Wachovia Securities: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Glenn Reicin with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Just a couple of follow ups here and a little bit in the weeds here, just some clarification. Firstly, on the Puerto Rican situation, the charge in the fourth quarter, I assume that's a cash outlay in the fourth quarter?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes that's correct, Glenn.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay and then in terms of the distributor products, those are all in that category, distributed, correct?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Correct.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay and then the third is can you explain how FX works here. What was the contribution of FX in this quarter? What were you anticipating the contribution of FX being and then next quarter, I just want to think through this, if there is an extra $4 million of FX. How does that affect the bottom line?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: You know, I will tell you what' happening Glenn is, we had a little bit more FX than we had planned on and actually what we are... the technique we use is a combination of collars and forwards and the rates we have gotten in the play where they are going through the top end of the collars. So what it tended to do in this quarter, is probably caused us 20-30 basis points in margin. As we have this, we don't get the benefit of that further increase. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, if these rates were to continue, it's about double that size, in terms of basis points. And that's one of the reasons that I talked about the margin, they are a little bit differently than last time and to understand those rates they are pretty well above the top end of the instruments that we have in place.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: So,I am just... got a little bit too complicated for me. It's just in terms of maybe a net contribution on a dollar basis, the... or EPS basis this quarter versus next quarter?
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: This quarter, next quarter. On the sale side, its... we say it's probably going to be $10 million versus $6 million in sales.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Alright.But if you remember the improvement and I don't know exactly the number, but the improvement we've seen recently is probably very little. We are going to have the drop through effect because of the fact that we've got to give that back as a result of the contract that we put in place to protect the downside.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So you are saying, not much.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes.
Glenn Reicin - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you very much.
Thomas M. Abate - Corporate Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Sure
Operator: Our next question is coming from Kristen Stewart [ph] with Credit Suisse. Please state your question.
Unidentified Analyst: I was wondering if you guys would comment on whether or not one arm of the PARTNER trial may be enrolling faster than the other?
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, no, sorry Kris, this is one that we are limited not to comment on that. What we will always try and do is give you a current enrollment number whenever we do this on conference call to let you know where we are, but we are... what we do is we jeopardize the trial itself to get into that kind of commentary, so sorry about that.
Unidentified Analyst: Thought I would try, thanks anyway
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to management for any closing comments.
Michael A. Mussallem - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well, thanks very much for your continued interest in Edwards and Tom and David and I welcome any additional questions by telephone and with that, back to you David.
David K. Erickson - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you for joining us on today's call. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP numbers mentioned during this call which include underlying growth rates and amounts adjusted for special items are included in today's press release and can also be found in the Investor Relations section of our website at edwards.com. If you missed any portion of today's call, a telephonic replay will be available for 72 hours and to access this, please dial 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415 and use account number 2995 and passcode 256909. I'll repeat those numbers 877-660-6853 or 201-612-7415, the account number is 2995 and the passcode is 256909. Finally, an audio replay will be archived on the Investor Relations section of our website. Thank you very much
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines.
