===== 2025 Q3  (2025-03-20 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FedEx Third Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeni Hollander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeni Hollander: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q and stat-book are on our website at investors.fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website. During our Q&A session, callers will be limited to one question to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Today's presentation also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and CEO; Brie Carere, Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer; and John Dietrich, Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I will turn the call over to Raj.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Jeni. I want to start by expressing my heartfelt gratitude to our team members. They delivered a strong peak within a compressed timeline and managed weather events ranging from unprecedented wildfires to severe winter storms. They accomplished this with a focus on safety and customer service, and I am very appreciative of their dedication and success. Now turning to our Q3 results. Revenue was up 2%, growing on a year-over-year basis for the first time this fiscal year. Our DRIVE savings continue to build sequentially and we achieved $600 million of savings in the quarter. Taken together, these two factors enabled us to achieve 12% adjusted operating income growth compared to last year. At Federal Express Corporation, we delivered strong year-over-year results with adjusted operating income up 17% despite significant headwinds from the expiration of the United States Postal Service contract and severe weather events. Weakness in the industrial economy continued to pressure our higher-margin B2B volumes. Similar to last quarter, this dynamic was most pronounced at freight, where fewer shipments and lower weights continue to negatively affect our results, albeit to a lesser extent than last quarter. Considering our B2B mix, we are well-positioned to capture strong incremental flow-through when the industrial economy recovers. The current environment, however, is adding uncertainty to demand. We continue to work closely with our customers to help them adapt to this evolving market. Our flexible and unmatched global network, digital tools and data ecosystem enable us to quickly support our customers' needs. With our vast data on cross-border trade, we are uniquely positioned to create more value for our customers as they navigate change. This includes providing a streamlined clearance experience for customers while helping them comply with regulatory requirements. And through our automated processes, we can clear packages more quickly, better address improperly filed paperwork, and reduce manual work to respond rapidly to our customers' needs while improving our operating efficiency. As a reminder, in terms of our revenues split by geography, we serve an extremely diversified customer base across the more than 220 countries and territories. To put some numbers around this, taking our FY ‘25 revenue through the third quarter, nearly 75% comes from our U.S. domestic services. Another approximately 10% of our revenue comes from non-U.S. intra-country or intra-regional services. And from a bilateral U.S. trade perspective, our biggest single-country exposure represents only about 2.5% of total revenue. Against this backdrop, we remain focused on what we can control. First, Q3 drive savings continued to ramp and were in line with our expectations. We expect to achieve our incremental target of $2.2 billion for FY ‘25 and our total of $4 billion of our FY ‘23 baseline. Second, we are creating a more flexible, efficient and intelligent network. As planned, we resumed network 2.0 conversions following peak. We have optimized five U.S. stations since the beginning of the calendar year and expect to optimize 45 more in Q4. We are on track to complete the rollout in Canada by the end of April. By the end of FY ‘25, about 12% of our average daily global volume will flow through network 2.0 optimized facilities. Third, Tricolor is driving better asset utilization as we improve aircraft density and better leverage our surface network. We have a broad range of KPIs that we are tracking to measure our progress. We're especially pleased that on a year-over-year basis, payloads across our air network are up 9% with a 5% improvement in density. This is a key objective of our Tricolor operating model. Importantly, our progress is leading to positive flow-through on revenue growth from international export freight. Fourth, our planned transition away from the U.S. Postal Service contract is going well and we are continuing to remove costs associated with the expired contract. Fifth, our freight separation work is underway. John will share more details shortly. And lastly, we are providing our customers with the best-value proposition in the industry. FedEx Ground and FedEx Home Delivery are faster to more locations than UPS Ground. As we look to the fourth quarter, in light of the uncertain demand environment and higher than previously expected inflationary pressures on our cost base, we are lowering our FY ‘25 adjusted EPS outlook to $18 to $18.60. John will provide more color on the underlying assumptions. I'm excited about our transformation progress as we continue to integrate our networks, reduce our cost-to-serve, and enable better performance. Technology remains a key facilitator of our transformation. Last quarter, I shared details on the encouraging improvement we are seeing in Europe. That trend continued in Q3 with our simplified technology platform driving both operational efficiency and a better experience for our customers. This is also leading to the best European service levels we have seen in years, which is driving profitable share growth. We remain on track to achieve the $600 million in total DRIVE savings from Europe by the end of this fiscal year. In support of our network transformation, last month, we acquired RouteSmart Technologies, a global leader in route optimization solutions. This acquisition allows us to bring in-house a dynamic route mapping solution with a best-in-class algorithm. Our legacy ground business has used this technology with great success, and we are now rolling it out globally. This will be an important enabler for both Network 2.0 and our global network transformation, helping our team members to work safer and smarter. In closing, I'm proud of the team for their continued success. We navigated many headwinds in this third quarter, including a volatile demand environment, the postal service contract expiration, severe weather events and inflation. Yet, we still delivered 60 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion and a 12% improvement in adjusted operating income. Looking ahead, I'm confident that our transformation initiatives such as DRIVE, Network 2.0, and Tricolor will create long-term value for our stakeholders. Now let me turn the call over to Brie.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj. First, I also want to thank our team for a very successful peak. On Cyber Monday, we picked up nearly 24 million packages in the United States. That's nearly 70% more than we pick up in the U.S. on an average day. And given the compressed timeline, we handled more packages per day year-over-year this peak season, while of course, continuing to deliver the Purple Promise for all our customers. While demand during peak exceeded our expectations, post-peak trends were largely consistent with the market weakness of recent quarters. Consolidated revenue increased 2%, driven by higher-volume at Federal Express, partially offset by freight. The weak industrial economy continued to weigh on our global priority volumes in our LTL business. Against this backdrop, we continued to focus on profitable share growth. As we closed out calendar year '24, we took a profitable share in the U.S. domestic and in international parcel, and also because of our Tricolor strategy, we grew a profitable global air-freight share. Looking at each segment on a year-over-year basis, at Federal Express, revenue increased 3%, driven by increased volume in our deferred services. At freight, lower volumes, fuel surcharges, and weight per shipment pressured our top line performance. This led to a 5% revenue decline. Overall volume trends improved in the quarter to our highest year-over-year average daily volume growth since Q4 of fiscal year '21, led by 5% growth in Federal Express package volume. Our volume growth was driven by deferred services and the timing benefit of Cyber Week. And while LTL volumes were pressured, the rate of decline in average daily shipments improved compared to Q2. Across U.S. domestic express services, volumes increased slightly with growth in deferred services partially offset by a decline in priority volume. Ground volumes increased 7%, supported both by B2B and B2C growth. International export package volumes increased 8% in the quarter due to continued growth in the international economy. With air freight, average daily pounds increased 3% for international priority freight. As we shared last quarter, the growth here is tied directly to our Tricolor strategy to grow profitably in the global air freight market. As expected, total U.S. domestic express freight pounds declined significantly, largely due to the Postal Service contract expiration. And at FedEx Freight, the soft industrial economy led to a 5% decline in average daily shipments and a 3% decline in weight per shipment. We remain focused on quality growth amid a competitive but rational pricing environment. I am encouraged by recent pricing trends. Holiday demand surcharges supported our results, and consistent with historical trends, we are seeing a strong capture rate on the 5.9% GRI implemented this past January. At Federal Express, U.S. domestic package yield was flat year-over-year as higher U.S. Express overnight package, ground commercial, and home delivery yield was offset by lower ground economy yield. Similar to last quarter and in line with our expectations, international export package yield declined, driven by international economy, partially offset by an 8% yield increase for international priority. At FedEx Freight, revenue per shipment declined 1% due to lower fuel surcharge revenue, and lower weight per shipment. However, revenue per hundredweight increased 2%, a testament to our focus on revenue quality, and the industry's continued pricing discipline. As we look-ahead, we expect FY ‘25 revenue to be flat-to-down slightly versus last year. For the fourth quarter, this implies essentially flat revenue at Federal Express, driven primarily by continued volume growth in deferred service offerings, partially offset by one fewer operating day. At freight, we expect a continued revenue decline on a year-over-year basis in Q4 but also expect the Q4 decline to moderate sequentially. Last quarter, I shared with you the framework for our commercial priorities. B2B growth, including healthcare and automotive, a focus on U.S. domestic e-commerce, profitable growth in global air freight segment, and of course, we want to accelerate profitable growth in Europe. I am very pleased to report that we've had progress across all of our priorities. A few highlights from the quarter. We continue to build unique capabilities for our high-margin healthcare vertical. For example, we are taking our established returns platform and using that technology for customers that require recurring collaborative shipments with their business partners or vendors. This has varied use cases across industries, including lab shipments between medical providers. This process enables a simpler shipping process with more visibility, allowing shipment recipients to staff more appropriately and efficiently. Due to the hard work of our team and our compelling healthcare value proposition, we are onboarding nearly $400 million in new annualized healthcare revenue over the next 90 days. Our advanced capabilities helped to track this new business with three-quarters of this business tied to bundled customers who are using the FedEx around suite. As a result of these wins, we will exit FY ‘25 with approximately $9 billion in healthcare revenue. Additionally, we further expanded FedEx around monitoring and intervention, and now we offer this solution in over 40 countries. Surround's real-time AI-powered dashboard gives customers enhanced visibility and control over their shipments, which is especially helpful for customers transporting high-value or sensitive goods. With 90% of the market's incremental parcel growth expected to come from e-commerce, we continue to refine how we profitably serve this market. Based on demand from our largest customers, we have expanded our Sunday residential coverage to nearly two-thirds of the U.S. population, up from 50% previously. We have already received incremental commitments of more than 0.5 million packages per week from existing customers tied to our Sunday delivery capabilities. This change is enabling us to better utilize our existing assets without adding capacity while meeting the needs of our customers. As a result, we expect this incremental coverage to be profit-accretive in Q1 of fiscal year '26. We will continue to lean into these key strategies as we target profitable growth in the quarters and years ahead. And with that, I will turn it over to John.
John Dietrich: Thanks, Brie, and good afternoon. Our Q3 performance demonstrates our team's strong commercial execution and our rigor in reducing structural cost to drive. On a year-over-year basis, we grew adjusted operating profit in Q3 by nearly $160 million, or 12% despite headwinds from the Postal Service contract expiration, pressures at FedEx Freight, and the severe weather events Raj mentioned. As a result, we delivered adjusted EPS growth of 17%. Now walking through the dynamics of the quarter. Commercial execution at Federal Express focused on the key priorities Brie mentioned and drove a $509 million increase in revenue, which resulted in strong flow-through to the bottom line. DRIVE benefits of $600 million continued to reduce our structural costs and supported our earnings growth. With respect to headwinds, Q3 was the first full quarter following the Postal Service contract expiration and as expected, this resulted in a $180 million headwind to adjusted operating income. This headwind will ease in Q4 as we continue to reduce costs associated with the contract. We also experienced severe weather headwinds of approximately $70 million relative to last year. And finally, the soft U.S. industrial economy continued to weigh on B2B demand and FedEx Freight weight per shipment. Now to providing more segment detail for Q3 on a year-over-year basis. At Federal Express, we grew adjusted operating income by $206 million, driven by DRIVE savings, base yield improvement, and increased U.S. and international export demand. Our progress in Europe also contributed to adjusted operating income improvement in the quarter, and I'm confident we'll continue this positive momentum in Q4 and FY ‘26. At FedEx Freight, operating profit declined $80 million year-over-year as lower fuel surcharges and the soft U.S. industrial economy continued to challenge the business. Base yield improvement as well as effective cost and headcount management partially offset these headwinds at freight. Moving to DRIVE, as we committed, we continued to sequentially improve our DRIVE savings and we expect even further savings in Q4. We delivered $600 million of savings in Q3 compared to $390 million in Q1 and $540 million in Q2. Air and international savings of $245 million benefited the quarter as we continued to optimize commercial linehaul against aircraft capacity in our network. Additionally, we optimized route productivity and pickup and delivery operations in our European network. We achieved G&A savings of $220 million as we continue to rationalize vendor spend and increase back-office efficiency. And at surface, we achieved DRIVE savings of $135 million, and all of these elements contributed to the total DRIVE savings of $600 million in the quarter. Turning to our outlook, I'm encouraged by both our sequential earnings momentum and year-over-year growth. That said, given the ongoing challenges in the global industrial economy, inflationary pressures, and the uncertainty surrounding global trade policies, we now project FY ‘25 adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $18 to $18.60 compared to our $19 to $20 buyer range. For Q4, we expect continued execution of our revenue quality strategy and further acceleration in DRIVE savings to support sequential and year-over-year growth in adjusted operating income. We will exit the fourth quarter by achieving our FY ‘25 goal at an annualized DRIVE run rate north of $2.2 billion. We expect headwinds from FedEx Freight to continue in Q4, but forecast some moderation on a year-over-year basis. Turning now to our latest full-year adjusted operating income bridge. This shows the year-over-year operating profit elements embedded in our revised outlook. This bridge now reflects adjusted operating profit of $6.2 billion, equivalent to $18.30 of adjusted EPS. For revenue net of cost, we now expect a $1.1 billion headwind, which is $400 million above our prior forecast. This is a result of revised second-half assumptions for revenue and inflation. We now project a $400 million headwind from international export yield pressure. A $100 million increase is a result of base yield pressure, particularly in international economy, and greater than previously expected demand for our lower-yielding deferred service offerings. We still expect a $300 million headwind from two fewer operating days in Q1 and Q4. And lastly, we now anticipate a $400 million impact from the expiration of the U.S. Postal Service contract, which is an improvement of $100 million from our prior guidance due to our ability to swiftly eliminate contract-related costs. As I mentioned, we also expect to see our $2.2 billion in expected DRIVE savings for FY ‘25, which is offsetting these headwinds. At the midpoint of our revised FY ‘25 outlook, we're now assuming 3% adjusted EPS growth on flat to slightly down revenue year-over-year. Overall, our revenue in Q3 and expectation for Q4 are softer than previously anticipated with weakness coming primarily from B2B and priority services. This further pressures our bottom line. In addition, inflationary pressures on our cost base are expected to be higher than planned, further reducing our full-year outlook. Moving to capital allocation. We continue to significantly reduce capital intensity while returning capital to shareholders. We completed approximately $500 million in share repurchases in Q3, bringing the year-to-date number to $2.5 billion, our target for the full year. And including our dividend, we're on track to return $3.8 billion to shareholders in FY ‘25. In Q3, capital expenditures were $997 million and our planned FY ‘25 CapEx is now down to $4.9 billion, a $300 million decline compared to last year's $5.2 billion, supporting strong free cash flow and shareholder returns. From a fleet standpoint, we recently reached agreements to purchase eight new Boeing 777 freighter aircraft and two used 777 freighters, which will be phased in during calendar years '26 and '27. These modern and fuel-efficient aircraft were purchased at attractive prices and will help us manage our fleet for the long term while still upholding our FY ‘26 commitment to approximately $1 billion of aircraft CapEx. Given that these new planes are highly efficient and will retire our older, more maintenance-intensive fleet over time, I'm confident that aircraft CapEx in the immediate years beyond FY ‘26 will remain in the area of $1 billion. We've continued to manage and rationalize the size of our jet fleet, including retiring some of our older aircraft over the last several years. This is consistent with our go-forward strategy to prioritize revenue quality and grow in the premium segments of the market. We've retired 20 MD-11s over the past three years and now expect to retire the remainder of the MD-11 fleet by the end of FY ‘32 versus our prior FY '28 target. This extension of some of these aircraft will help us ensure network flexibility while minimizing aircraft CapEx. In December, we shared our plans to fully separate FedEx Freight. Since our December announcement, we've set up a separation management office and established a cross-functional team to ensure a smooth transition. We're making progress on all. Last month, we completed a very successful $16 billion debt exchange offer and consent solicitation. This will create more flexibility for both companies' capital structures as we prepare for the separation, which will come in the form of a tax efficient spinoff. As our separation management office continues to advance our spin related work, It's business as usual for our other team members and all our customers. At freight, this includes the same unwavering focus on safety and discipline approach on revenue quality, network utilization and operational efficiency that has driven the business's success in recent years. In conclusion, I remain confident in our long-term ability to continue increasing shareholder returns and I'm committed to ensuring that we unlock the value that I know is embedded in our business. And with that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jonathan Chappell with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. John, part of the reasons for the guidance cut, I think, are pretty clear, B2B weakness, priority services, uncertainty, et cetera. The higher inflation element of the cost side seems to be pretty new. Is there any way to quantify exactly how much that's impacting the guide change, kind of how sticky that is and what that may mean for margins going forward.
John Dietrich: So, Jonathan, hello. With regard to inflation, I think it's been consistent. It's just when we look at some of the factors that aren't going to go away, when you look at PT for example, as we increase our volumes, particularly during peak, for example. Inflation has been a constant. And also with regard to our wages for our employee group, it's just something that we're going to continue to keep our eye on. We're going to continue to try and contain that, but it's been a constant throughout this, and it's been a factor that has been one of the several that you flagged as part of our guidance.
Operator: The next question is from Richa Harnain with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Richa Harnain: Hey, everyone. Thank you for welcoming me on to this call for the first time. So I was hoping we could learn a little bit more about FedEx's exposure maybe to de-minimis shipments in light of the likely change to the tax code on such shipments. Maybe you could help us better understand your exposure there, how much of FedEx shipment volumes is tied de minimis and how is the team preparing for this change, and if that's sort of -- how that works into your calculus around flat revenue for Q4 and I guess going forward.
Brie Carere: Hi, Richa, welcome to the call. From a de minimis perspective, I think the most important thing to note is that we are very ready from an operational capability perspective. Our clearance teams around the world have made the necessary changes. We are working with customers. Obviously, this is probably the largest impact would be customers coming out of the Asia market, and so from an operational perspective, we feel very ready to execute the necessary change. In addition to that, I think it's really important to remember that we have insight around the world into clearance data. And so we're working very closely with our customers to be able to prepare themselves for any change, whether it's de minimis or change in market due to tariff. And so working very closely with this. From a Q4 perspective and an outlook on revenue and volume, our focus You know, our focus really is that the majority of the volumes in the back half of this year will look a lot like Q3. There is a couple of exceptions that I want to note is that we look at those volume trends, December obviously, was a very strong month for us so really January through May look similar. In Q4 -- as we head into Q4, and we think about revenue and volume outlook, it's also important to remember that Q4 has one less operating day year-over-year. And so that's really how I'm thinking about the back half of the year, but from a de minimis perspective, we're ready to help our customers through any change.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Afternoon. So, John, I know it's a bit early, but wondering if you want to share any thoughts on some of the puts and takes to think about for fiscal '26, some of the company-specific stuff in terms of I don't know, DRIVE, Network 2.0, anything like that. And then on the LTL side, can you just give us an update on how we're trending relative to that 18-month timeline? And any additional commentary, Brei, you want to make on -- your comments last quarter about playing offense, I think spooked people a little bit and just anything you want to add there? Thank you, guys.
John Dietrich: Hey, Scott, thanks for those three questions. So look, for '26, I'm not going to be providing outlook. We'll be providing that to you in June. What I can say is that we're going to be focused on profitable growth. I think it's reasonable to assume that the macro-environment is not going to significantly improve at least for the first half of FY ‘26, but some other high-level points to help frame our thinking for the year. We'll enjoy the annualization of benefits from our current drive initiatives, which will amount to about $400 million of benefit. Of course, and as Raj has talked about drive is a way of life for us. So we're going to keep feeding that pipeline for further savings and pull those levers at every chance. We're also going to be continuing to advance Network 2.0, Tricolor in our Europe initiatives, all that we're excited about. But we do expect inflationary cost pressures to continue. I can say that. And we'll also have some headwinds with regard to the Postal Service for four of the months of FY ‘26, namely to three months in Q1 and one month in Q2. Now I talked about Network 2.0 savings and we will benefit in FY ‘26, but I want to be clear that we expect these savings to have a heavier ramp in FY ‘27, resulting in the significant majority of those savings occurring in FY ‘27. So we're going to continue to focus in FY ‘26 on those things within our control. So that's question number one. Question number two, with regard to the LTL timeline, yes, we're on track. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have set up a separation office. We have project plans in place and we're on track to the separation. And then finally, I know your comment on offense, and I think that was taken really out of context. Our focus is going to be on for freight quality revenue. And the comment was just we're going to bolster our sales staffing that are going to have subject matter expertise in this specific LTL space. So we expect the pricing environment to remain rational and that's our focus. We want to maximize revenue quality, not diminish it. So hopefully that covered all three.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Let me -- that's terrific and let me just add a point here, and Scott, thanks for the question. I think when we look at what we have accomplished over the last couple of years, we have fundamentally changed our structural cost. And that puts us in good territory and we have -- you know, when you look at the top and bottom-line performance versus our competition, we have really done a lot better. So that just sets the stage for FY ‘26. At the same time, we have several transformational network projects, whether it is Tricolor, Network 2.0, taking down the daytime network that supported the post office, that really increases our flexibility. At the same time, we also now have technology that's supporting all this to make sure that we are more optimized. What this is doing now is allowing us to expand the market that we can now grow profitably in. So while, yes, there is a -- we don't know exactly how the business environment, especially the industrial environment is going to play out. You would assume that one of these days it will turn back into the positive that we now have opportunity to grow into segments of the market profitably because of the work we have done on our cost structure as well as our network transformation. So it's a broader point. So we are looking, whether it's business or residential, whether it's U.S., or global, parcel or pallet. It was faster, slow, bigger, small, we now have a value proposition that allows us to grow profit. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Thanks for taking my question. Can you talk about where you are in the build-out of the dedicated sales force? I think you said 300 with the December update. And just some early thoughts on what those incentives look like and the outcomes you want to drive from that team? Thank you.
Brie Carere: Sure. Thanks, Bascome. And to Scott, to your point, I know what words I won't use on future calls, but to John and Raj's point, we do want to continue to focus on profitable growth and that is going to be the focus of the dedicated sales team. To John's point, really that is the focus there is that we're becoming a very large organization. As you've just heard from Raj, we have multiple growth strategies that we need to execute and we're particularly excited about those. This team then allows us to go deep and have deep expertise in LTL. We also think this coverage will allow us to continue to take share in the small and medium-customer segment. We already do a very good job there, but we see that as upside opportunity as we get better coverage for small customers with a focused team. The officer, the Vice President is in place. I think I mentioned that on last call. He is doing a great job of bringing some hiring on. We want to hire the right expertise that can appropriately represent the brand that can appropriately execute our revenue quality strategy. So it will take several months. We're in good shape right now, but this hiring will continue throughout next fiscal year.
Operator: The next question is from David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good afternoon, guys. So with the Network 2.0 project in the 200 facilities that you guys have run, I appreciate the data point on 12% of the average daily volume now running through in an integrated facility. Can you help us kind of think about what the productivity benefits you're getting out of that sample size, some of the challenges you're seeing, or maybe areas for further kind of refinement as you're working on rolling out the broader network to the other initiatives? Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Thank you, David. Firstly, our -- we are pleased with our -- how this Network 2.0 rollout is going on and is doing it at thoughtful and a calculated pace. As we said, we have integrated under the Network 2.0 model. We have maintained solid service levels while still achieving our goal of 10% reduction on our B&D cost. By the end of fiscal '25, as we talked about, 12% of the total volume flowing through Network 2.0 will be flowing through these Network 2.0 facilities, and by the end of FY ‘26, we expect that number to be about 40%. And then also Network 2.0 represents a significant reduction in our surface capacity over the years to come. So yes, we are quite pleased with how this is going. We have a terrific team that after every rollout, we take the learnings and apply to the next one and the next one and so on, so we get better going forward. The team has done a really remarkable job. And I think you have more to come as we -- in FY ‘26. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi. I know the LTL margins have been under pressure with the industrial economy, but I'm just sort of curious, once things start to get better there, can you maybe talk to where do you want to see, or where do you think what should LTL margins look like sort of more in the medium and long-term? Do we get back to the levels we saw prior to a few quarters ago? Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Thanks, Jordan. Look, we have tremendous confidence in our LTL business and what's been built there. It's important to remember that a large percentage, roughly 90% of the LTL revenue is linked to B2B. And as we've talked about at length, the B2B business and industrial production has been softer and that's put pressure on the industry, frankly. So we're confident in our ability to be -- and are well-positioned, once the B2B business rebounds. But in the meantime, as Brie talked about, we're focusing on constant improvement, customer service, coverage, our sales team. So yes, we're highly confident in expanding the margins, for sure.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Wetherbee with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Yes. Maybe I could pick up on that comment around freight margins and maybe get a sense of what you need to see to start to begin to stabilize them and maybe move them forward. It seems like the pricing -- underlying pricing environment remained quite good. I get the volume is down and fuel is down, but I guess with pricing as good as it is, is it something as we turn the quarter into '26 where you can start to see some margin expansion again in that business? Or what are the levers do you need to pull to start to see that come back?
Brie Carere: Hi, Chris. I'll start and then turn it over to John if he has any additional color. I think to John's point is that right now, we are being very prudent in our growth strategy as we see the market come back from a B2B demand perspective, we are very well-positioned to capture that growth. The flow-through and the team's ability to capture incremental profit on that volume we feel very confident. We do anticipate from a margin perspective that Q4 will be strong for us. We will see sequential improvement in revenue at the freight division. It will still be down year-over-year from a revenue perspective, but I'm anticipating quite a good margin in Q4 and that will then be similar in FY ‘26.
John Dietrich: And I'll just add, you know, we sell a service and continuing to focus on service will allow us to capture more business, and that's all going to be part of it. The more volume we get focusing on the density and weight per shipment. So all those things taken together, we think will operate favorably for LTL.
Operator: The next question is from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hi. Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Brie, I appreciate the commentary on volumes through the fourth quarter. I think that's very helpful. But U.S. investors are increasingly worried about a recession here, just given all the uncertainty around policies, especially trades and tariffs. So can you give us some maybe more qualitative inputs on what your customers are seeing right now, and how they're reacting to this environment, and how future tariff impositions could impact your business? Thank you.
Brie Carere: Thanks for the question, Brandon. From an outlook perspective, we think that we have given you a very prudent forecast for the fourth quarter and that this incorporates the feedback that we've had from our customers around the world. I would say that from a feedback perspective, I think first the number-one thing that we keep getting asked is, has there been a pull-forward? We did not see any significant pull forward in Q3. We did see a little volatility in APAC kind of at the end of February, early March, but for the most part, a pull-forward is really hard. So we have not seen that. Actually, in all the sales calls that I've done over the last 90 days, I've actually only met one customer who attempted it, and they regretted it because they ended up storing some excess inventory. As far as kind of how customers are planning, we're having a lot of conversation about being able to move the network as they require. And of course, we are able to do that. We are looking at making sure all of our pricing tools are very dynamic. We've been very pleased with that. So from our ability to respond to customers, most customers have not made any major changes to date because it's really quite difficult to be able to set up additional inventory in another country or move manufacturing. These are things that happen over months and years, not over weeks. I would say to the point on inflation that we are talking to a lot of customers who are anticipating that they will increase prices, or already have. So thematically, that is one conversation that we've heard a lot from. I don't know Raj and John if you want to add anything.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me just jump in as well. I think from a broader perspective, you know, we'll see how the short-term demand environment plays out here. But from -- think about the network that FedEx has built, we connect 220 countries and territories one to the other. And as the supply-chain patterns change, the good news is scale is going to help us because we are already in all these markets. I was just in our LAC headquarters this week, and they were reported to me that many countries in the region are seeing more inbound into those markets. We don't have to do a thing different because the network is already in place and we are -- that volume is coming through the network. The second thing is, and as Brie has already covered on the operational side, we are obviously, ready to make that happen for our customers. But here's another important point. Think about all the data that's required for one country to every other country for every commodity, well, we have that data as we have from operational perspective, but most importantly, we have organized that data and structured that data over the last five years. So now in these more complicated times, we now have an ability to provide new value for our customers, leveraging the insights that we have on both global supply chains and customs clearance. So again that also becomes an enabler, but also a differentiator and a value creator in its own right. So this is a very dynamic environment as we speak.
Operator: The next question is from Daniel Imbro with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yes. Thanks. Good evening, everybody. Thanks for taking our questions. Brie, maybe on the Federal Express side, you mentioned the pricing backdrop was stable. I think peak surcharges helped the quarter. But how has that progressed here into fiscal 4Q? The industry seems to be remaining rational, but obviously, you mentioned a trade-down. I guess, how should we think about or net those two things against each other as we think about the pace of pricing moving through the end of this year and into fiscal '26?
Brie Carere: Thanks for the question, Daniel. So I think a couple of things. First, from a market and a pricing environment perspective, it's always competitive, but it's been rational. And honestly, I think if anything, we've seen improvement in the environment throughout the fiscal year, I was really pleased with our demand surcharge capture which was 5.9%. So from a pricing perspective, I feel pretty good. You said something about trade-down. I really want to correct that a bit. When we looked at, first of all, all of our yields, and I think it's really important to look at this. When you look at the individual products, I'm quite pleased with the yield growth overall. Domestic priority yield is up. IP yield is up. When you look at the ground segment, both ground commercial as well as ground home delivery are up. What we are simply seeing is that the demand for deferred volume is outpacing the growth for priority. In addition to that, the team has done an outstanding job of capturing that deferred growth, both internationally as well as domestically. I think the best proof point that I can give you is the 17% improvement in margin in the quarter at SEC that really does show that not only did we capture the deferred domestically, we captured it internationally. So we're doing a job of managing each product. And then when there is a deferred demand, it's important that we capture it in the right product because as we optimize our network and implement our transformation, whether it's Network 2.0, whether it's Europe, whether it's Tricolor, we are building the right cost structure with the right transit for those deferred products. So it's not been a shift. It really is just about the deferred growth growing faster.
John Dietrich: And I want to jump on the last point that Brie just talked about. It also connects to what I said earlier on our networks. So as we have engineering our networks not by the legacy op-cos, but now across the whole enterprise, we have now unique combinations of flight truck fly, or truck fly truck, so many different pieces aided by latest technology. And this -- we are able to now profitably grow in these deferred markets as well. And that's a big difference because now we are getting to a cost structure to profitably serve these increasing swats of demand. And by the way, as we roll out Network 2.0, as we -- as Europe gets better, as we roll out Tricolor, these things just get better as we move forward.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask you a little bit more. I think you're talking about it a bit just on the deferred volumes in ground. You saw a pretty significant lift in I guess ground residential, right? And I'm wondering if you like have a sense of where that's coming from. Is that a function of the sure post changes at UPS, or something else? And I guess broadly on Parcel Select as Postal Service really changes that dynamic, is that a meaningful impact? Is that positive to pricing in a significant way? And then I guess one last piece, just any thoughts on LTL leadership external or internal? Sorry, I know there's a couple in there. Thank you.
Brie Carere: Okay. I'll take the first two and I'll let my boss take the third one. From a deferred growth from our ground portfolio in the past quarter and actually throughout the year, our FedEx Ground Economy product has been driving that residential growth. Actually, it's been a really good news story for FedEx. First of all, our Ground Economy product is incredibly competitive. The team does a really good job from a transit perspective. Every single Ground Economy package also has picture proof of delivery, which we've just had a tremendous response from. And of course, the product also has some of the weekend advantage -- not all of the weekend advantage that home delivery does, but some of the weekend advantage. So it's a very competitive product. What we have seen as we have taken share through FedEx Ground Economy this year is, first of all, we're really pleased with the yields that we're getting with that. In addition to and what I'm so proud of the sales team is if you look at the incremental volume that we have taken on this year. Every FedEx Ground package comes with two other packages domestically and the revenue is one-to-four. So for every dollar we bring in from a FedEx Ground Economy, we're getting $4 of domestic revenue. We're really pleased with that. That is very specific to the new customers we've acquired this year, but we're really pleased with that. And then again, I think we're capturing it. Is it because of some of the changes in the market that certainly has helped, but honestly, I think it's about our value proposition being the strongest in the market.
Raj Subramaniam: And Tom, to your last question there, we are conducting a very comprehensive search for the CEO of FedEx Freight, and I'm confident that through our thorough process that we will provide FedEx Freight with the right visionary leader who can help chart the course of this new standalone company. And we'll look forward to updating you on that decision as well as the broader leadership team in the near future.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Seidl with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Seidl: Thank you, operator, and thank you for taking my question. I wanted to jump back on the freight side here. You mentioned that your expectations are for the shipments declines to get a little less worse. I was wondering is that due to sort of maybe shifts in the weather pushing some freight from quarter-to-quarter where do you think things might be getting just a little bit better on the LTL side? And then if I could just throw one other one in there. Any thoughts on some of the proposed changes at the USPS on the cost side?
John Dietrich: So, Jason, I'll start with the LTL. I think it's all the factors we talked about is why we have confidence in our LTL business, the expanded sales force, the improved service, the back-office focus. And I think an important note to mention, even though we've set up the separation management office, that office is charged with really two work streams. One, continue to improve the business today as well as prepare for the future separation tomorrow. So all those reasons factor into why we have confidence in that growth.
Brie Carere: Thanks, John. I think the second half of the question was about some of the competitive changes that USPS has made in the market. I think the first and the most important thing is, of course, we are very focused on customers that appreciate our value proposition, the quality service, the reliability that we provide. FedEx Ground Economy, as I mentioned earlier are very well-positioned compared to the USPS's ground advantage product. We are being selective, but I will say that some of the pricing and honestly, some of the service challenges in the market from our competitors are helping us from an acquisition perspective, certainly.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, thanks for taking the question. So quick follow-up for Brie. Can you just talk about the ability to keep pushing price in a sort of environment? We're seeing surcharges increase -- core price obviously, increase. You mentioned the trade-down certainly deferred product growth, but I would imagine that some of that is coming from people making that decision. And then if you can maybe just touch on Europe. We haven't had a lot of positivity around that space in a little while, but it sounds like you're actually seeing some momentum. So I wanted to hear about how that was progressing and if we should start to see a little bit more acceleration as that economy starts to pick up a little bit of pace just on a relative basis. Thank you.
Brie Carere: Sure. Let me start with the second part. I've got a lot of positivity for Europe. When I look at the ability to grow and I think we've mentioned it before, the European division when we look at their parcel market share has taken share now seven quarters in a row. So from a momentum perspective, I am really pleased. And of course, the economy in Europe is not helping that team and it's much more difficult to take profitable market share in a down economy, but that's exactly what the team is doing. How are they doing it? Service has been sequentially better quarter after quarter, a huge shout out wider and the team over in Europe. Productivity is also improving, and so we're seeing great flow-through, which allows that flywheel to continue. So from a Europe perspective, we do have upside opportunity still, some work we have to do in that region. There's no doubt about it, but we are really pleased with the fiscal year that team is having. And I should also say they've done a great job on intercontinental out of Europe as well as across Europe. And then from a deferred perspective, to your point, yes, there has been some trade-down, but again the majority of the deferred parcel volume that we are seeing is incremental customer, that's new customer acquisition, which we're really pleased with. From a pricing perspective, as I mentioned, when we look at our discipline, we continue to be the market leader. So I look at each one of those products and are we moving them forward. As I just talked about, when you look at the premium segment, we're making sure we're not discounting the premium parcels to capture share. You can see that, that we are getting yield improvement. We're being very disciplined on surcharges. I talk about that a lot because it's really important. We do the best job in the market on large package. We are the only -- versus our primary competitor, we go to all of the rural markets in the country. And so those are helping get a disproportionate margin on some of those harder-to-handle packages. So surcharges are really important. And I do think that we are going to start to see as we move into FY ‘26, some lapping of some of the pressure that we have seen on base. It won't be all the way through in the front half of FY ‘26, just given the length of our contract, but we are certainly seeing improvement in the pricing market.
Operator: The next question is from Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thank you. I'm a little confused on the changes to the air fleet side. With incremental 777s, I would have thought that would have resulted in maybe a retirement of MD-11s, but you actually extended them. So could you just give us some color on what's going on with the fleet strategy? And maybe it's just as simple as you have a bunch of planes that are parked in, or if you could just talk about that relative to where you were last year and where you are now, that would be helpful. Thank you.
John Dietrich: Sure. Thanks, Conor. And let me just take a moment to reiterate on our commitment to stay on track to what we put out there for FY ‘26 on the $1 billion aircraft CapEx target. As I stated in my prepared remarks, we're planning to stay within that area of investment not only in FY ‘26 but for the immediate years beyond. And these aircraft acquisitions are within that framework. That all said, our investments are focused on return on invested capital, right, which is now also included in our executives long-term incentive compensation. So I'm giving that to you by way of a little bit of background. I did a little homework. I haven't been here all that long, but I did some homework on the last 777 orders and they were all the way back in 2018. So it's been a while since we ordered new airplanes. And these airplanes are particularly attractive. In fact, I'd say they're coveted assets because they're the last -- the eight new ones, I'm not talking about the two used ones with the eight new ones. They're the last of the current model of the 777 freighter to be produced by Boeing, and we acquired them at very attractive prices. And I note that because those of you who know me from my prior company know that I also acquired the last four 747s that were ever produced that turned out to be one of the best financial acquisitions for that company. These aircraft are in very high demand and we didn't want to let them go for one. But our decision was really informed by both our MD-11 retirement plans as well as our growth projections for the international freight market. I think it's important to remember that not only has it been a while since we ordered 777s, but we permanently removed 31 aircraft at the end of FY24, which were nine MD-11s, and 22 757s. And so it's a combination of incremental versus replacement capacity. With regard to the MD-11s and the kind of push to the right of those retirements, that was done for business reasons. Due to our international economy growth, we've made the decision to extend those to FY32. Those assets are mostly depreciated, but have some useful life left in them and can support our profitable growth strategy. So if the demand environment doesn't pan out, we also have the ability to accelerate any retirements on MD-11s. But right now, given the demand that we're seeing out there and particularly in the international economy growth, we elected to extend the life of those aircraft. So it's a combination of all those factors. So hopefully, that was helpful.
Operator: The next question is from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: So just a couple of follow-ups here. Just on de minimis, what percentage of your revenues comes from customers who typically use de minimis rule for shipping their products? And second on Europe, you mentioned profitable growth there. Can you confirm if Europe is profitable or not? And if not, kind of when do you think it might get there once you guys put in all DRIVE and other initiatives? Thank you.
John Dietrich: Well, I'll just say, Ravi, that you know, the majority of our export volumes are linked to B2B volumes, and a minority of our revenue base on export lanes are covered under the de minimis exemption. And the -- and of course, we are just pleased with the progress we're making in Europe, the $600 million of DRIVE savings are in FY -- this fiscal year, and we expect to see more of that in the next year.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, good afternoon. Just to clarify David Vernon's question earlier on Network 2.0. As you accelerate the number of markets, is there any initial volume loss or added costs such as software rollout that needs to be done, or do you need to slow down just to check out how things are progressing? And then, Brie, thanks for the thoughts on the shift to economy. Can you talk about how you adjust the cost structure to meet the significantly lower yield on those products?
Raj Subramaniam: On Network 2.0, so far so good. And so we are again in the early stages of it. Like I said, we are doing it very methodically and the objective here is not only to improve our efficiency but make sure that our customer experience gets better and that's what we are focused on.
John Dietrich: And if I could also, Ken, on that point, as reflected in our CapEx budget of coming down to $300 million, and we're well underway on Network 2.0. We're staying within budget and looking for opportunities to tighten our CapEx investment along the way too, and that's being reflected in our ability to bring down our CapEx for this year. So I guess that's a long-winded way of saying that we're staying within budget on executing Network 2.0.
Brie Carere: To answer the question on how are we getting a lower-cost structure from economy, the answer is there's multiple ways. I think here domestically on the FedEx Ground economy, John and the surface team have done an outstanding job of using surface. We are trying to sort off-cycle. We are looking at different delivery ways from an air freight perspective, as Raj just talked about, we are absolutely increasing our trucking versus flying. In addition to that, the IPFS as well as the IEF product, we will be moving off-cycle, so we're not hitting prime sort, which allows us to sweat our assets. The extra time in transit from an IEF perspective allows us to build far greater dense loads. It allows us to improve our stackability. It allows us to layer on small parcels. When you think about an air-freight container, we are going to load it with air freight and then top it off with your polybags from an e-commerce perspective. So there's multiple levers we are pulling. In addition, as we talk about the DRIVE growth, we are managing SG&A very tightly. And so as we take on deferred volume, we know that we cannot have the same amount of SG&A on the deferred yield. So multiple levers, the team is pulling all of them, and as you saw, it's showing up in the P&L.
Operator: The next question is from Ariel Rosa with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Ariel Rosa: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. So I was hoping we could revisit some of the longer-term targets, whether those are the targets that you spoke about at Investor Day, or if you want to speak to kind of how you're thinking about the longer-term opportunity of the business. Because you've talked a lot about some of the savings, the progress that's been made with DRIVE, but here we are kind of multiple quarters in a row where kind of the outlook has been revised lower. So maybe you could talk about it, is it just -- is the macro that much weaker than expected at the time that you set out those targets? And then as we think about the longer-term, maybe you could talk about kind of what level of operating leverage we could expect to see, or what kind of contribution to operating earnings we could see over the longer-term as the macro improves given kind of some of these structural improvements that you put in place? Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Ari. When we spoke about this a couple of years ago, we had -- obviously, had a different expectation on where the revenue is going to be. But our goals, if you remember, were improve operating margin, improve our return on invested capital, and we have accomplished those. The fact that we have done it in an environment where the revenues now actually came down is, I think is extraordinarily impressive. Who would have thought that the industrial production would be down 24 -- over 25 months -- in the last 25 months, or even it's just a -- that was not definitely factored in. But the fact that the work that we have done to make sure that our structural costs are reduced and that when we see a turn-back and we will on the industrial environment, then there is a significant leverage that exists in our business. At the same time, we have also now transformed our networks. And because of -- it's not easy to do that, but we have a -- we are in the process of doing that through Tricolor, Network 2.0, the work that we are doing in Europe and other projects, that then allows us to reduce the overall cost-to-serve for some of the other segments of the market and international air freight is a classic case. So we now have an opportunity not only to grow when the industrial economy comes back, but now we have an opportunity to profitably grow in new segments of the market. So those combination of is what gives me a lot of confidence as we go forward.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Raj Subramaniam for any closing remarks.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you. I'm going to just rephrase some of the things I just said to Ari's question because this is really important. Firstly though, and I just want to take this opportunity to thank the entire FedEx team for the performance that we have delivered here. And we have significantly reduced our cost structure over the past couple of years, but I couldn't be prouder of team FedEx as we are on target to reduce more than $4 billion in structural costs by end of FY25 versus FY23. We have outperformed the industry on both top and bottom line over this time period. We've enshrined DRIVE as the way we work. It's an execution framework that will serve us well into the future. We also created a powerful data infrastructure that serves as an enabler, differentiator and a value creator. With Network 2.0, Tricolor, and other initiatives, we are transforming our networks and making them more efficient and differentiated aided -- enabled by the latest technology. So as I look ahead, we have a better, more flexible cost structure that can create significant value as you probably profitably expand the markets where we compete, and benefit from significant leverage with the industrial economy returns to growth. And these are some of the very powerful reasons that I feel very confident in the future of FedEx. Thank you very much, operator.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-12-19 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FedEx Fiscal Year 2025 Second Quarter Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Jeni Hollander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeni Hollander: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. The second quarter earnings release, freight assessment results release, Form 10-Q and stat books are on our website at investors.fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website. During our Q&A session, callers will be limited to one question to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Today's presentation also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and CEO; Brie Carere, Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer; and John Dietrich, Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I will turn the call over to Raj.
Raj Subramaniam : Thanks, Jeni. We are in the home stretch of peak, and I want to begin by thanking our team members for their hard work and dedication as we deliver an outstanding holiday season for our customers. Today marks an important step in our transformation. Following our assessment of FedEx Freight, which we announced and commenced back in June, we have decided to pursue a full separation of this business, which will result in two industry-leading public companies. Through the separation, we believe we will unlock significant value for stockholders, while allowing for continued commercial, operational and technological cooperation between both businesses. The separation will also enable both companies to benefit from enhanced focus and competitiveness. For FedEx, this will ensure strong execution of our near and longer-term strategic priorities, while preserving the benefits Freight and FedEx enjoy from their longstanding connectivity. Each independent company will be well-capitalized with flexibility to invest in profitable growth, while continuing to return capital to shareholders. I would like to provide a brief overview on the compelling value proposition of both businesses starting with FedEx Freight. We're excited to create a leading LTL pure-play, the largest carrier by revenue with the broadest network and the fastest transit times. FedEx Freight has deep relationships with customers who turn to us for our reliability, simplicity and choice of services. Freight has maintained its leading market share position for a long time and increased operating profit nearly 25% on average per year over the last five years, expanding operating margin by approximately 1,100 basis points. The team's focus on safety, facility utilization, revenue quality and operational efficiency has driven this performance and these factors will continue to guide Freight's go-forward strategy supported by a strong balance sheet. As a separate company, Freight will be better positioned to unlock its full value potential. Areas where we see the greatest opportunity include: first, an expanded dedicated LTL sales force led by Tom Connolly, our new VP of LTL Sales, who has nearly 30 years of experience. We've already begun to build out this team and we expect to add more than 300 LTL specialists by the time of separation. Second, an enhanced LTL specific pricing and invoicing system that DRIVEs faster speed to market, more intuitive contracts and is more tailored to this particular market. Third, improved Freight and FedEx network efficiencies focused on accelerating speed, improving coverage, optimizing touches and lowering our cost to serve. And four, an LTL focused automation, which will DRIVE efficiency and reduce outside vendor spend. FedEx Freight's portfolio of solutions, which includes both priority and economy services, is also well positioned to benefit from the long term market dynamics shaping the LTL industry. As we pursue this separation, we will remain focused on customer experience by sustaining or improving service to our customers. To ensure the focus and seamless transition, Lance Moll will continue to serve as President of FedEx Freight as we execute on our separation. The longstanding cooperation between FedEx and FedEx Freight will continue through commercial, operational and data and technology agreements to enable seamless continuity of service and capture existing benefits from the relationship. We have an unmatched customer value proposition. With two separate companies, we will ensure commercial collaboration that creates a seamless transition for our customers, especially those that turn to FedEx for all three services. From an operational perspective, in addition to the network efficiencies I mentioned earlier, Freight will continue to provide line haul for FedEx strategically, including Tricolor, peak season and dry aged support. This requires minimal change as freight already receives a direct financial benefit from supporting Federal Express via intercompany agreements. Additionally, we will implement shared technology and service agreements to facilitate the transition and beyond. Through these agreements, FedEx will provide freight with tech platforms that effectively connect the two businesses as needed and ensure business community. Given the strong reputation and familiarity of our brand, we plan for the new company to continue to operate under the FedEx Freight name. Putting all of this together, customers will continue to enjoy the superior service, speed and coverage they have come to expect from FedEx Freight, while also maintaining access to the unparalleled global ecosystem of FedEx Services. Now turning to FedEx. We pioneered the Express Transportation industry over 50 years ago and remain the industry leader today. Customers choose us for our advantaged value proposition enabled by our service, speed and breadth of coverage. We deliver nearly 17 million packages each business day to over 220 countries and territories. We link more than 99% of the world's GDP. We transport approximately $2 trillion worth of goods every year by connecting 3 million shippers to 225 million consumers. In the U.S, our weekend and rural coverage also serve as competitive advantage, and we generate over 1 petabyte of data every single day, which provide insights that DRIVE how we run our company more efficiently, how we serve our customers, and how our customers manage their own supply chains. The ongoing progress at FedEx gives me confidence that this standalone business will continue to thrive into the future. During and post separation, we will continue to focus on delivering significant value to stockholders through our strategic initiatives which are cementing our leadership position as the world's best transportation and supply chain technology company. This includes DRIVE, which continues to change the way we work. We are on track to deliver $4 billion in savings by the end of FY ‘25 versus the FY ‘23 baseline. Network 2.0, which will deliver on the promise of a more efficient network, including one truck, one neighborhood, along with consolidated facilities, where we are targeting $2 billion in savings by the end of FY ’27. Tricolor, the redesign of our global air network, which positions us for strategic growth, while improving the efficiency and asset utilization of the entire FedEx system. As a separate company, FedEx will strengthen its leading value proposition with an emphasis on delivering outstanding service, continuing to provide a differentiated offering in premium segments and remaining focused on higher yielding service and building on our technology ecosystem to create smarter supply chains for all. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. We will prioritize maintaining a strong balance sheet and investment grade profile. We will continue to make high return investments in the business, while reducing capital intensity and increasing stockholder returns through buybacks and dividends. Looking ahead, we expect to execute the separation within approximately 18-months. Claude Russ will lead our separation management office, bringing the dry rigor and accountability that we use to run our operations. Claude has spent nearly 25 years at FedEx. As the former CFO of FedEx Freight, he is well versed in our freight business and the LTL market dynamics. Claude is currently Enterprise VP of Finance and has been a critical enabler of our DRIVE execution. Today, we have shared the outcome of the assessment and our initial plans. As we have new details and separation milestones to share, we will keep you updated. Upon completion, this full separation will result in two strong well capitalized industry leaders FedEx Freight, which will benefit from continued strategic and operational competitiveness and more flexible capital allocation. And FedEx well-positioned to continue executing on our strategic initiatives in pursuit of sustainable profitable growth. We're confident the separation is the right strategic decision for FedEx and FedEx Freight at this point in our evolution with a clear path ahead to create significant long-term stockholder value. Importantly, for our employees and our customers, it's business as usual as we look forward to a seamless transition. We are used to navigating change and we will do it while continuing to deliver on the Purple Promise every single day. Now turning to our Q2 results. Looking across the enterprise, we delivered sequential improvement both in DRIVE savings and adjusted operating profit. At FedEx Express Corporation, we achieved strong results on a year-over-year basis and greater flow through to the bottom-line with adjusted operating profit up 13% on essentially flat revenue. We did this despite the challenging demand environment as well as headwinds we have previously identified, including the U.S. Postal Service contract expiration and the timing shift of Cyber Week. This is evidence that our transformation is clearly working. Similar to last quarter, we experienced weakness in the industrial economy, which negatively affected our B2B volumes, particularly in the U.S. domestic package and the LTL markets. Continued market pressure coupled with difficult year over year comparisons weighed on our Freight segment in the second quarter. With B2B revenues comprising nearly 60% of our package business and 90% of our LTL business, we are well-positioned for profitable growth when the industrial economy recovers. Against this backdrop and in support of evolving market dynamics, we continue to create a more flexible, efficient and intelligent FedEx as we deliver for our customers. We achieved DRIVE savings of $540 million in Q2. We remain confident that we will deliver our targeted $2.2 billion in incremental savings in FY’25. Our Network 2.0 rollout continued and the Canadian market integration will be largely complete in early calendar year 2025. With the expiration of the U.S. Postal Service contract, we are strategically matching capacity with demand and flexing the network as needed to transport packages more efficiently. At the end of September, we reduced our U.S. domestic daytime flight hours by nearly 60% and swiftly began to reduce other associated costs. And we delivered solid service for our customers. This is always our priority and especially important during peak. I'm very pleased with how our teams are navigating a condensed period between Thanksgiving and Christmas. So far during peak, they are delivering more packages per day on average, while maintaining the high quality shipping experience that our customers expect, with the ground average time in transit at two days in the U.S. this peak. As we look to the second half of the fiscal year, we remain focused on what is within our control, executing against our transformation initiatives to reduce our cost to serve and DRIVE improved performance. However, amid continued uncertainty around the demand environment, we are updating our expectations for FY‘25. We now expect an adjusted EPS outlook range of $19 to $20 John will provide more color on the underlying assumptions shortly. Turning to DRIVE, on past earnings calls, I've talked about DRIVE as our structural cost optimization program. The reality is that within FedEx, DRIVE has evolved to be so much more. It's a new data and technology driven business architecture that has changed how we work across our entire enterprise, introducing more rigor and accountability to every decision we make, leading to a continuous cycle of efficiency and optimization. Take Europe, where we expect to achieve $600 million in total DRIVE savings by the end of the fiscal year. Our European business is predominantly a ground based business. We introduced new European leadership over the summer, including a senior operator from our U.S. Surface team. In the spirit of One FedEx, we are bringing hub and sort best practices from U.S. to Europe and we have achieved many recent wins. Our progress includes revenue growth, which combined with the DRIVE benefits lead to improved performance this quarter. This gives us confidence in Europe's near and longer-term trajectory. Our ability to enhance the financial performance of our European business starts with technology. Having implemented a common data platform, we now have a better view of our European network, assets and costs to serve. We're using these insights to increase efficiency in the region. For example, with our improved routing in Europe via the enhanced data flow, we reduced the number of touches on intra-European packages. This is not only improving productivity, but also expediting clearance, leading to better service. We also introduced dimensional pricing at our Charles De Gaulle hub in Paris. This enhancement enabled by new and updated technology seamlessly captures package dimensions and weight and then applies and integrates applicable surcharges via standardized processes. As a result, we are now better and more accurately compensated for the goods we transport, especially for the higher margin packages with unique dimensions. We will continue to roll out this capability to other European facilities over the next year. Together with non-stackable shipment surcharges, we expect this initiative to deliver an operating income benefit of over $50 million in FY ‘25. This is a prime example of our new business architecture translating into improved financial and operational outcomes. Looking ahead across Europe, the team remains focused on deploying the right value proposition and network design, the digital tools that enhance the customer experience, and the right processes to deliver this experience efficiently and effectively. Improving our financial performance in Europe is a top priority for our entire leadership team. I'm very encouraged by our recent progress and confident in the opportunity ahead. In October, just in time for peak, we celebrated the grand opening of a new state of the art sorting facility at our Memphis World Hub. This new sorting facility marks an important milestone in our modernization efforts, improving the work experience for our employees and service for our customers, while increasing the efficiency of our hub. We also continue to roll out Network 2.0 in select markets in the first half of Q2 and we have now optimized 200 stations to date. And we are continuing to execute on Tricolor, our international air network design strategy, which is improving density and asset utilization across the enterprise, while targeting profitable growth. Before I close, I want to thank the FedEx team once again as we approach the end of our peak season. They make every FedEx experience outstanding, positioning us well through peak and beyond. Now, let me turn the call over to Brie.
Brie Carere : Thank you, Raj. Market conditions remain soft, but our solid service levels, unique value proposition and innovative offerings supported our Q2 performance and have positioned us well for a successful peak season. Consolidated revenue declined 1% in the quarter, driven by the weak industrial economy. U.S. manufacturing PMI has indicated a contraction for 24 out of the past 25 months, representing the second longest downturn in U.S. history. Reviewing each segment on a year-over-year basis now. At Federal Express, revenue was essentially flat. Higher yields across our services were partially offset by volumes, which declined year-over-year. We again saw increased demand for our lower yielding services. Some of this demand increase was driven by a shift in customer preferences, particularly with the shift from home delivery to ground economy. But the majority was due to organic demand and not related to trade down between services. At FedEx Freight, lower volumes, fuel surcharges, and weight per shipment drove the top-line decline. Year-over-year comparisons were challenging as some customers won last year from the yellow bankruptcy have since left in search of lower prices. That being said, we are ready to capture additional profitable volume when the market returns. Turning now to volume trends by service during the quarter. Volumes were pressured, led by weakness in the U.S. domestic market, partially offset by strong international growth. Across U.S. domestic express services, volumes declined 1%, primarily due to weakness in the industrial economy. Ground volumes were down 1% as well, with the soft B2B environment weighing on ground commercial growth. While we recognize that e-commerce will continue to outpace B2B growth in the years ahead, we know that the priority customer base is stable with low rates of churn. And the current priority volume weakness reflects the state of the broader global macroeconomic environment. Ground residential volumes were adversely affected by a difficult comparison due to Cyber Week, which occurred in Q2 last year and is in Q3 this year. International export package volumes increased 9% in the quarter, driven by international economy, which is largely consistent with recent quarterly trends. Within FEC, average daily pounds were up 10% for international priority freight and 5% for international economy freight. This signals early progress from our tricolor strategy to DRIVE profitable growth in the global air freight market. At FedEx Freight, the soft industrial economy led to weakness in both weight per shipment, down 3%, and average daily shipments, down 8%. The pricing environment is competitive, but I am encouraged that revenue quality actions are gaining traction. Revenue quality remains our highest priority as we ensure that revenue growth is benefiting the bottom-line. At Federal Express, composite package yield increased 1%, driven by international priority, U.S. priority, home delivery, and ground commercial. Overall yield for Ground Services was flat with yield growth at Home Delivery and Ground Commercial offset by Ground Economy. As expected, international economy parcel yield declined due to mix and lower weight per shipment. Moving to Federal Express Freight. Composite freight yield was up 4%, driven by lower postal service volumes tied to the contract expiration and also successful commercial execution in the international export freight market. At FedEx Freight, revenue per shipment was down 4%, driven by decreased fuel surcharge revenue due to lower fuel prices and lower weight per shipment. We are through a significant part of peak and project the demand surcharge revenue over this season will be up year over year. I'm confident that this pricing strategy is supporting the revenue and profit expectations for the third quarter. Looking at the second half of fiscal year '25, we anticipate consolidated revenue to be up slightly on a year-over-year basis in both Q3 and Q4. While we still have five days to go, I'm very pleased with December volumes, which are ahead of our forecast. We expect our general rate increase of 5.9%, which goes live in January to have a very strong capture. Federal Express revenue growth in the back half will be supported by ground residential and international economy volume growth, driven in Asia and also through European market share acquisition. We continue to see strong commercial traction, particularly in Europe. At FedEx Freight, we anticipate revenue to decline slightly in the second half due to continued softness in average daily shipments and modest yield improvement. As Raj mentioned, in January, we'll begin hiring 300 incremental LTL specialists. We believe this increased focus will provide better support for our customers and enable us to accelerate profitable growth. As we wrap-up the calendar year, it's a great time to remind you of our commercial strategy. I am proud to lead the best team in the industry and I am confident that the commercial strategy we have in place will DRIVE significant value in the years ahead. Our strategy is in service of our vision to make supply chain smarter for everyone. For our customers, our mission is to be their unrivaled partner in moving their business forward. To deliver on this mission, we will provide a superior digital portfolio and customer experience. It's essentially the Purple Promise 2.0 powered by the FDX platform. In fiscal year '26, we will begin the transition of our fedex.com customer base to the FDX platform. This will improve our speed to market and allow us to expose new capabilities like advanced visibility for the millions of FedEx small and medium customers. We are designing new experiences for high value segments and planning for above market growth where we already have a differentiated portfolio. Our target segments are B2B for both healthcare and automotive, domestic e-commerce, global airfreight, and of course Europe. First, B2B, We have experienced tremendous success in healthcare, which has been our priority B2B vertical. Federal Express already has a double-digit percentage of our revenue in the fast growing $70 billion healthcare segment, and this segment is an important contributor to FedEx profit today. This fiscal year, we expect to gain market share in the U.S. by leveraging our unique portfolio, including cold chain support, our new quality management program, and FedEx Surround Monitoring and Intervention. While most of our healthcare revenue is U.S.-based, the international healthcare market represents significant opportunity. We will globalize our portfolio and accelerate revenue growth outside of the United States. Automotive is also a massive market and we are focused on what we estimate to be a $10 billion market within this industry that requires premium services critical to automotive supply chains. We have created an automotive vertical and expect to provide new benefit in early fiscal year '26. Our second priority is the U.S. Domestic e-commerce market. E-commerce will continue to DRIVE 90% of the market's incremental parcel growth in the years ahead. Within our U.S. Ground services, our superior speed and coverage give FedEx a competitive advantage, not to mention picture proof of delivery, which continues to help us close new business. As we execute on Network 2.0, we will continue to lower our cost to serve, which will lead to improved incremental flow through from these volumes. Our third target segment is the global air freight market. This is a market with significant potential. We currently have a low single digit market share in the $80 billion air freight market. International priority freight already serves as a profit DRIVEr for us. Our tricolor strategy is a necessary condition to competing and winning in this market. Commercially, we've also made numerous changes to improve our performance. We have created a dedicated sales organization, a new customer service model, and are investing in the digital experience. The air freight market is fragmented and the shipping processes are antiquated. It's a market ripe for disruption. Fourth is Europe. The European parcel market is roughly $130 billion and will continue to grow in the years ahead. Our mix of revenue in Europe is already favorable with the majority coming from B2B. As Raj mentioned, Q2 revenue in Europe grew nicely with strong execution. DRIVE continues to transform our cost to serve and improve service on the continent, while enabling us to lean into the most attractive parts of the market. Regardless of the target segment, revenue quality and capacity management are critical to growing profitably. We have made tremendous progress in yield capture in the last several years. A great example, total non-standard surcharges are generating a significant year-over-year benefit of over $180 million annualized. This is the result of a new AI image capture process. In calendar year 2025, we will accelerate our work on an end-to-end capacity management system. Within FDX, there is a digital twin of the network. We now have real-time view of the network capacity globally. We will use AI and our digital quote platform to profitably fill voids at a scale and pace that was previously not feasible. I'm very confident about the future as we lean into these commercial priorities. I am proud to be part of the best team in the industry and extend my sincere thank you to the team members as they deliver for our customers this peak season. And with that, I'll turn it over to John.
John Dietrich : Thank you, Brie. Despite soft market conditions, our Q2 performance demonstrates the team's strong commercial execution and actions to lower our costs to serve. We sequentially grew adjusted operating profit by approximately $170 million and increased our adjusted earnings per share year-over-year with the growth driven primarily by our Federal Express segment. And we achieved these results despite revenue declining 1%. Walking through the dynamics of the quarter, the soft global industrial economy coupled with the competitive pricing environment constrained our results. The Postal Service contract expiration negatively affected two months of the quarter, resulting in additional operating profit headwind. However, our plans to remove costs associated with this contract expiration are on track. DRIVE Benefits of $540 million offset these headwinds and supported our consolidated year-over-year adjusted earnings growth. Providing more detail by segment, at Federal Express, we grew adjusted operating income by $146 million year over year as a result of DRIVE savings, base yield improvement, and increased international export demand. We achieved this result despite inflationary pressures and several significant headwinds, including the Postal Service contract expiration, a $90 million headwind from the Cyber Week timing shift and a $20 million headwind from the hurricane in the Southeast U.S. As Raj and Brie mentioned, we're pleased that in Europe, our continued network optimization initiatives and strong execution contributed to the profit improvement at Federal Express. And the ramping of our Tricolor strategy drove higher average daily pounds and yields year-over-year for Federal Express International Freight. In Q2, we decreased total U.S. Domestic flight hours 24%, largely due to the 60% reduction in daytime flight hours that Raj mentioned due to the expiration of the postal service contract. At FedEx Freight, while operating profit was down $179 million approximately $30 million of this decline was due to our lapping the gain on sales of multiple facilities in Q2 of FY’24. Consistent with the broader LTL market, lower average daily shipments, fuel surcharges and weight per shipment continued to be a headwind largely due to the soft industrial backdrop. These pressures were partially offset by cost management and continued base yield growth. Moving to DRIVE, and as planned, we delivered a sequential improvement in savings in Q2 versus Q1. G&A savings of $210 million in Q2 were a significant lever in the quarter as we continue to optimize our IT and back office functions and reduce outside vendor spend. Surface savings of $150 million benefited the quarter as we continued to maximize third-party rail usage, which lowers our cost to serve on our deferred service offerings. And adding the $180 million from Air Network and International, we achieved $540 million total savings in the quarter. As we look to the back half of fiscal 2025, we continue to expect a sequential build in DRIVE savings, and we're encouraged by the trends we're seeing in base yields. However, the global industrial economy continues to constrain demand on our most profitable priority in commercial services. As a result, we are revising our FY '25 adjusted diluted EPS outlook to $19 to $20 compared to the prior range of $20 to $21. At the top end of our range, we assume revenue is up a low-single-digit percentage, driven by a modest improvement in industrial production leading to higher flow through from B2B demand. At the low end of the range, we're assuming a low single digit decline in revenue due to incremental softness in the industrial economy and the pricing environment. Regarding our expected earnings cadence for the second half of the fiscal year, at Federal Express, we anticipate Q3 will benefit from ramping DRIVE savings, improved top-line flow through due to the timing of Cyber Week, continued revenue quality actions and the encouraging peak demand that Brie talked about. However, as a reminder, the postal service headwind is expected to increase in Q3 and will lessen in Q4 as we exit the fiscal year. And the Q3 postal service headwind will more than offset the benefit of the Cyber Week timing shift. We continue to anticipate DRIVE savings to build incrementally in Q3 and Q4 with a full year total of $2.2 billion. At FedEx Freight, we expect a continued softness in the U.S. Industrial economy and lower fuel prices to pressure op profit for the remainder of FY '25. Finally, our fourth quarter is typically our strongest earnings quarter of the year. We expect this dynamic to continue despite having one fewer operating day in Q4. I'd now like to turn to our latest full year adjusted operating income bridge, which shows the year over year operating profit elements embedded in our revised outlook. This bridge now reflects adjusted operating profit of $6.6 billion equivalent to $19.50 of adjusted EPS. For revenue, net of cost, we now expect a $700 million headwind compared to the $100 million FY '25 headwind assumption we shared last quarter. This reflects both our lower revenue assumptions and continued inflationary pressures. At the same time, we now forecast a $300 million headwind from international export yield pressure, which is an improvement compared to the prior $500 million estimate. This is a result of execution on our revenue quality initiatives internationally. We still expect about a $300 million headwind from two fewer operating days, one that was in Q1 and one that will be in Q4. And lastly, we anticipate a $500 million headwind from the U. S. Postal Service contract expiration. We remain confident in our ability to offset these headwinds with the $2.2 billion from incremental DRIVE savings. Further supporting this revised outlook is our continued commitment to revenue quality as evidenced by our calendar year '25 general rate increase, peak surcharges, and fuel table price changes announced in recent months. For the full year, we continue to expect year over year adjusted operating margin expansion at Federal Express and operating margin contraction at FedEx Freight, given the challenging industrial production environment. At the midpoint of our revised FY '25 outlook, we're assuming 9.6% adjusted EPS growth on approximately flat revenue. This expectation further highlights how DRIVE is fundamentally changing the way we do business. We're improving our cost structure to enable us to profitably grow with e-commerce and are well-positioned to see significant incremental margins on our priority services once global industrial production improves. It remains my highest priority to ensure that we continue to unlock the value that I know exists in our business. Moving to capital allocation. We remain committed to reducing our capital intensity while increasing our capital returns. In Q2, capital expenditures were approximately $820 million. Our planned FY '25 CapEx remains $5.2 billion, which is flat on a year-over-year basis, and this will translate into continued strong levels of adjusted free cash flow. We completed an additional $1 billion in share repurchases in Q2, bringing the year-to-date total to $2 billion, with an additional $500 million of repurchases planned for the fiscal second half. I remain confident in our near- and long-term ability to grow earnings while continuing to deliver strong levels of adjusted free cash flow, which will support increased shareholder returns in the years ahead. And with that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question will come from Chris Wetherbee with Wells Fargo.
Chris Wetherbee: Maybe I could just hit on the guidance for a moment. So I think the second quarter results were generally in line with at least what you guys talked about on the last call. So as we think about the dollar cut coming from the back half of the year, I know, John, you talked about sort of the industrial production outlook and maybe how that's a bit more tempered I guess I also wanted to kind of think about LTL or the freight business within that context. It was obviously under some pressure here. I guess maybe if you could help break down the moving pieces of the dollar in a little bit more detail and then also talk about the cadence of how that plays out? Is it a little bit more 3Q weighted? Or is it a little bit more 4Q weighted? Do you think things get better by the time we get to the end of the fiscal year? Just kind of curious how to think about that.
John Dietrich: So thanks, Chris. I appreciate the question. So as you know, our prior guidance factored in DRIVE savings as well as the pricing actions that we implemented. However, the expected volumes and related revenue just didn't materialize. Our updated adjusted EPS range, which is in the $19 to $20 reflects our revised revenue expectations. And from a timing standpoint, and while we're not giving quarterly guidance, I can tell you that Q3 will benefit from ramping DRIVE savings, improved top line flow-through due to the timing of Cyber Week that we talked about and continued revenue quality actions. And as Brie talked about, we're seeing encouraging signs from our peak demand. It's important to remember for Q3, though, that the USPS headwind is expected to increase in Q3 and then somewhat less than in Q4. But that headwind will more than offset the benefit of the Cyber Week I just mentioned. We continue to anticipate DRIVE savings to build incrementally in Q3 and Q4. And from a Q4 standpoint, that is traditionally our strongest earnings quarter of the year, and we expect this dynamic to hold. So -- and that's true despite even having one fewer operating day. So hopefully, that gives you some more perspective.
Operator: Your next question will come from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: Great, and congrats on the freight spend, obviously, long anticipated and a great move to see in value creation. But my question is for Brie. You talked a little bit about peak season here and how it's shifting into third quarter. Maybe can you give a little bit more color on kind of -- you mentioned the peak was strong. Is there anything we can read into that in terms of volumes ability to get price to flow through? I guess I'm more focused on the volumes, both at Ground and Express?
Brie Carere: Great question. So from a December perspective, we are pleased. I will say it picked up, right, after Cyber Monday, it was a very strong week, and we are from a December perspective, pleased volumes are running ahead of forecast. And as I mentioned, our peak surcharge capture from an absolute dollar amount will be up year-over-year. So we do think that December is going to be a very strong month. That being said, I do want to talk about our top line outlook for the back half of the year because we do not necessarily believe that the December performance is going to carry through in the back half. So as we're thinking about the back half top line outlook, we're looking at some improvement. I think you're going to see that improvement come in the form of domestic volumes, in particular, a ground. We think that, that will improve in the back half. We do anticipate that Q2 was the trough. For FedEx Freight from a revenue perspective and then from an international, actually, what we think we'll see in the back half is that total volume will look a lot like the first half with actually some slight softening in Asia. So we're very pleased with December. The execution is going to be great. The capture is going to be great, but we're not yet thinking that this is a signal of more to come in the back half.
Operator: Next question will come from Ari Rosa with Citigroup.
Ari Rosa: Congratulations on the strategic move here. Raj, I'm just curious to hear you talk a little bit about kind of how you see the separation playing out? Just if you could talk about what are the things that kind of need to be done to ensure a smooth transition? And then also, what are your thoughts on kind of the risk of customer attrition as you separate out the two businesses and just kind of ensuring that customers aren't confused by the separation or maybe see it as a risk to their operations, you guys separating out the two businesses.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Thank you, Ari. I think we are -- we decided to separate because of the potential to increase shareholder value for both FedEx and FedEx Freight. As far as we have put in place the separation management office with Claude Russ as the head to make sure that we are on get from here to day 1. To the points that you made, as Brie talked about, we have appointed a VP of LTL sales, and we are going to add 300 sales folks, but in the next year, to make sure that we pay more directly deal with the issue that you talked about. We are also going to continue to improve our customer experience. It's very important for you to note also that the FedEx Freight Company benefits a lot from the association with FedEx. And that association, whether it's commercial, whether it's operational or other's technological, we will have those arrangements in place as we proceed through the separation. So I think we'll be able to handle this transition quite well.
Operator: Your next question will come from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: Just curious if you could give a little more color around the Network 2.0 rollout, the progression that's planned from here and given the experience with Canada or any other areas? What do you think has gone particularly well? And what has been the more challenging aspect of it all?
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, thank you very much, Jordan. I think, yes, we may continue to make significant progress on Network 2.0. We've taken a deliberate approach to roll out and prioritizing service policy. We have optimized 200 stations so far and including 130 in Canada. And we will complete the rest of the Canada integration early in 2025 with the last major market being Montreal. As a feature of how we roll this out every overtime, we roll out something, we take lessons to learn and when we keep applying into the next one. And that's working quite well. We are continuing to see 10% P&D cost reduction where we have fully rolled out 2.0. So at the end of FY '25, we expect to have approximately 250 stations integrated. So hopefully, that answers your question, Jordan.
Operator: Your next question will come from Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc.
Daniel Imbro: John, maybe one on capital allocation and the balance sheet. So first, I guess, how do you envision maybe debt being divvied up? Or how should we think about target leverage for each business? And then, John, you've worked hard to reduce the capital intensity of both businesses, I guess how do you envision capital allocation changing at all? Will this spin enable certain investments you previously weren't making? Or how did that change?
John Dietrich: Sure. Thanks, Daniel. Yes. No, we're not anticipating any changes in capital allocation. We're continuing to be focused on optimizing our existing business, ensuring significant adjusted free cash flow is returned to stockholders. That's going to be true both before and after the separation. We continue to have the programs in place. We're going to -- we've already accomplished $1 billion of share repurchases in Q2 for a total of $2 billion for the full year, with remaining $500 million for the remainder of the year. So that's all going to remain in place. Now in terms of capital allocation in kind of the post-separation environment, that's all going to be something we're going to be reviewing over the coming months and look forward to keeping you updated on the progress of that.
Operator: The next question will come from Jason Seidl with TD Cowen.
Jason Seidl: Thank you, operator. Everyone, evening. Congrats on the spin. It's always nice to see some value creation out there. I wanted to focus a little bit on the commercial agreements you spoke about. You mentioned the ones that were with peak help and drayage. How long are these agreements for? And also, what about anything on the bundle side between the two companies? I'm assuming existing contracts that are offer be honored. And how should we look at the bundle going forward? I'm assuming they'll just go away.
Brie Carere: That's a great question. So I think we just need to take a step back and just clarify what the customer base of FedEx Freight looks like today. So first and foremost, obviously, FedEx Freight would not be the powerhouse that it is today without the incredible strategy to take these three networks together, put them together, put the FedEx brand on them, and then to build off just the incredible relationships that FedEx has with customers. That is one of our commercial strength is deep solutioning and partnerships with our customer, and that has really created a lot of momentum. That being said, if you look at the majority of the FedEx Freight revenue base today, while the majority of small customers are bundled, the majority of the actual volume at FedEx Freight is negotiated on an independent contract today. We really made a pivot, I guess, about 4 or 5 years ago recognizing that when we are competing in a fragmented market, we had to negotiate the freight business separately. So those contracts will be honored. As you know, the vast, vast majority of FedEx freight contracts are renegotiated every year. So of course, they will be honored as we go through this process. And that's why we are very confident in the incremental focus dedicated sales team. It's important to note, we have about 75 sales reps today that are dedicated to large accounts at freight. So this will be additive to them. As we go through the process, we will look at the small customer strategy, and I anticipate that, that will be slightly nuanced because that's where we really have leveraged the benefit of the earned discount program at FedEx. There is a common mess that FedEx Freight revenue is diluted because of that bundle, and that is not true. Actually, the way the earned discount program works is that as they ship more FedEx Freight or more LTL you actually get incremental benefit on your parcel side. So there is some potential benefit from small customer improvement, too. But we're very comfortable in our commercial strategy, and we can execute it.
John Dietrich: I think what I would add to that from a kind of intra company standpoint, it's important to recognize that through separate operating companies previously and as Raj mentioned in his comments, freight has benefited from providing services to Euro Express. So a lot of agreements already exist that will just be enhanced as we go forward with the separation. So we're not going to have to reinvent the wheel on this.
Operator: The next question will come from Conor Cunningham with Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: Maybe going back to the first question just on EPS, the change in the guidance. So Freight was clearly pressured in the quarter. Is the entirety of the change in the guidance associated with the freight business? It just seems like the underlying core trends in Express are actually improving. I don't know if you could just talk a little bit about the dynamic between the two businesses and the changes overall.
John Dietrich: Sure. Thank you, Connor. So look, there's a number of considerations. The pricing actions that we've implemented are supporting our FY '25 earnings growth assumptions for sure. However, revenue expectations remain constrained due to the demand environment that largely resulting from the continued weakness in the U.S. industrial economy that Raj talked about. So U.S. premium services, even though there's some -- we talked a little bit about peak, but U.S. premium services are expected to remain muted for a while. Thereby putting pressure on op income and margin. We do expect continued growth from our deferred services, which are contributing, but with lower margin and lower flow-through to the bottom line. So really, the top end of our range assumes a modest improvement in global industrial production and slight revenue slight growth in revenue. The low end of the range assumes revenues declined slightly year-over-year driven incremental -- incrementally softer industrial production and pricing and the midpoint just assumes flattish revenue year-over-year. So we're going to be focused on controlling those things we can. We remain confident and DRIVE and those savings will continue to ramp incrementally during the second half. But those are some of the considerations that are going into our outlook.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. And let me just add one other thing, Connor. I think at an overarching level, I mean, it's been really surprising for me to see the last the last 25 months that were declining ISM to '24. So it's very difficult to say when that will turn around and the fact that we have produced the results and especially in FEC in this environment, I think it says a lot about what we can do and also shows what can happen when that market turns. But we are assuming that the industrial production and the manufacturing continues to be similar to what we saw in the first half for the second half. And as was stated earlier, 60% of the revenue for the FECs coming from B2B, while 90% comes from LTL. So hopefully, that will help you with the calculations.
Operator: Next question will come from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: So Brie, I just wanted to come back to you on the general trends for price and competition. You mentioned it's still pretty competitive out there. You don't see a trade down necessarily, but it does sound like the deferred side of the business is growing faster. So I just want to see if you can offer a little bit more comment. It sounds like the demand surcharge is sticking, but what about the other ones that you've put into place to help optimize the network and sort of get that revenue management moving in the direction that you would want? How are those sticking? And how would that progress from 2Q into the back half of the year?
Brie Carere: Brian, great question. So the market certainly is competitive. I do feel that it's rational. From a pricing strategy, as we think about the yields in the back half, they are going to remain pressured. That is a function of two things: one, the economy; and two, to your point, there is a mix change. I do want to emphasize that we do have some customers trading down. We're also, as we go to acquire new volume and customers because all of our customers are simply trading less. In a downturn, you need new customers to be able to add to the portfolio. And so there is growth in new customers in the deferred portfolio. From a pricing strategy perspective, I think the team, despite the economy is executing really well. The pressure that we're seeing is on the base rate and then wait. We know every time we're in a downturn, ways are pressured really across all the portfolio, but especially in the freight portfolio. And so there's not a lot that the team can do from a weight perspective. What they can do is be really disciplined in getting the surcharges, especially those surcharges that drive a disproportionate amount of cost. So peak is a great example. They're executing on peak. From a large package perspective, nobody moves large packages better than we do. And actually, we're seeing that part of what we're seeing in December is a lot of flow through from a port's perspective. As you heard, not only are we being disciplined from a large package capture on surcharge, but the dimensional capabilities that we're putting in to get captured is increasing it. And then from a rural perspective, we have the best value proposition here in the United States into the rural markets, and that matters for a lot of our customers. The last 3% or 4% of their volume, they don't want to have to use a different provider, and so we're really being disciplined on getting those surcharges. They are contributing, but the base rate is really pressured because of the economy. I hope that helps.
Operator: Your next question will come from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good evening and congratulations on the spend. I know a lot of your shareholders will definitely be happy here too. But I guess, Raj, can you expand on what you're doing differently under DRIVE? You spoke about how it's driving the way you do business today versus what you did yesterday and especially in the context of revenue quality, which I think Brie has mentioned many times and maybe even reflecting on losing your largest customer, but it looks like your margins have actually come up. So what else in the portfolio potentially can you change looking forward?
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. I'm trying to digest that question, Brandon, but let me just start with DRIVE firstly. I think DRIVE has clearly evolved to be how we work in this company. We have established an overarching market leading approach to overall governance that leads to disciplined execution. And we are -- it's a data driven approach and very rigorous and very timely decision making and ultimately leads to much, much better execution. So this is going to stand us in good stead as a foundation for FedEx to execute as we go forward. The second thing is we also adopted a data first digital mindset in solving problems while creating differentiation in our service offerings. The underlying technological innovation and transformation that we have created is quite profound. And those are the two things powering our execution and that's also why as we've changed our vision to making supply chains smarter for everyone, it starts by making our own supply chain smarter. Of the $4 billion of DRIVE savings, I think roughly $1.8 billion would be directly the result of the new technologies that we have put in place. So that's what DRIVE is all about and as we look at what comes next whether as we implement Network 2.0 or whether we improve and expand on Tricolor or expand our operations and expand our performance in Europe, all those are going to be guided through DRIVE and that's what gives us the confidence of execution. I hope that answers the question that you asked.
Operator: The next question will come from Bruce Chan with Stifel.
Bruce Chan: Hey, good evening everyone and echo the sentiments on the spin, great to see. Maybe somewhat of an oblique follow-up here to Brian's question. There's been some suggestion of a USPS privatization. Maybe we can get your thoughts on what that would mean for the competitive environment. Is that a new bona-fide competitor or is that maybe introducing a more material profit mandate, and thus making the Postal Service more rational? So any thoughts and color there would be great.
Raj Subramaniam : Well, it is very early for us to comment on something like that. We will keep that we will monitor the developments there very closely obviously. But one of the principles that I think it's important to state here is that for our industry it's important that the package delivery business is not subsidized by the U.S. taxpayer. I think that's a very important consideration set and hopefully that will be -- what will get adopted here.
Operator: The next question will come from Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI.
Jon Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. Brie, I was hoping to ask about tariffs. It's a narrative that seems to be dominating some of the sentiment around the group right now. You're a much different cost structure than you were in the first Trump administration. So just as it relates to tariffs, have you heard from your customers about any pull forward? And I guess, secondly, how would you manage your network if there were to be a surge in demand and maybe, more of like a short term as opposed to a long term secular shift?
Brie Carere: Yeah. It's a great question. So from a December perspective, there might be a little bit of a pull forward. As we talked about, we are seeing some movement both in the freight network and in the parcel network from the ports. So there might be a little bit. It's hard to tell right now because we're in the middle of peak how much of that is inventory as well as how much is just consumer demand. So obviously, it will be much clearer in January. From a reaction perspective, I am really pleased with how quickly the airline team is able to respond right now. To Raj's point, we are doing things differently with DRIVE. So as far as being able to adapt, I'm very confident. As Raj has shared many times, we're everywhere. We have customer relationships everywhere. So as customers prepare to pivot, we're there to pivot with them. So it's very hard at this point to predict what might happen under our future administration, so we're not going to try to, but we are ready to respond with agility.
Raj Subramaniam: And Jon, let me just say that, as you can imagine, we are a referendum on global supply chains every single day and especially of the high value economy and we see this information from the bottom up. And the fact that we have a scaled network already in place that connects 99% of global GDP is a significant advantage because we can move our capacity much, much quicker than manufacturing can move. And so it is we are very agile, much different than what we've has been the case before. And that's -- one other thing I would say is that you can imagine that as part of our value proposition is an end to end delivery. In international that includes customs clearance. So we have the data, the expertise, the insights about what it takes to move package from one country to any other country and all the commodities they're in. So this becomes a competitive differentiation advantage for us as we make our customer supply chain smarter.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. John, you said a couple of times that the post office headwind is bigger than the Cyber Week tailwind, but there's a lot more moving parts. And so maybe can you just clarify what you're trying to communicate around Q3 expectations? And then on the LTL spend, I just want to understand a couple of things. Why is it 18 months seems so long? And then as we do our math, is there any way to just think about if there's much, if any of the corporate unallocated costs that we should apply to LTL?
John Dietrich : So, thanks, Scott. So, let me start with the 18 months. From a timing standpoint, the 18 month period for a transaction of this magnitude is really consistent with what is reasonable to expect. And we do look forward to keeping you posted on our timing and milestones along the way. So, we look forward to keeping you posted there. With regard to the Postal Service, as I mentioned in my remarks, we are on track to take out cost as planned with the U.S. Postal Service contract expiration. And we talked about the flight hours taking out roughly 60% of our U.S. Domestic daytime flight hours have been taken out and that makes up about 24% of our total daytime hours. We're also going after all the other related costs. So as I mentioned in my remarks, Q3 will be impacted because it will be a full three months of impact from the postal service contract and that will start to wind down in Q4 and we'll start to see as a tailwind into FY '26. So that just gives you some background and perspective. We're pleased with the work that's been done. There's more to be doing in taking that cost out. Hopefully that gives you some good color on the Postal Service.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Wadewitz with UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for getting me on for a question. I appreciate it. Let's see, on the LTL and thanks for all the detail on this spin, it's complex, but it's helpful to hear your thoughts. Raj, would you anticipate that you get somewhat more volume focused with LTL in the future? You talked about the 1,100 basis points of improvement in the margin over a period of time. And I think that was driven by some of the change in focus on pricing and a lot of discipline. I'm wondering, would you anticipate that hiring a bunch of sales people focused on SMB, those things, would you potentially be more volume focused and maybe compete harder for freight in the future or is that the wrong way to look at it?
Brie Carere : Hi, Tom, it's Brie. So I think first in the main, we're really pleased with the discipline that we've got across the team. From a revenue quality perspective, we've made great strides. As we look forward, we do see this as an opportunity to play offense. We are going to invest commercially in new salespeople. We know we've got an opportunity from a different industrial mix. And as I mentioned earlier, from a weight, while our weight is down right now in our base because of the macro, when we look competitively, we think there is some opportunity using technology to fill up the capacity. We know the FedEx Freight network right now can run very comfortably at 100 and 105. So we've got some opportunity to be a little bit more strategic, also to look at the 3PL market. So the answer is yes, we're going to play more offense and we think there's some great things to come.
Operator: The next question will come from David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon: Hey, thanks for fitting me in here. So, coming back to Network 2.0, I think, Raj, you mentioned like 225 stations would be consolidated or something like that by the end of, I think it was fiscal 2025. Can you give us a sense for kind of what percentage of volume you might have touched with the Network 2.0 integration to date? And then as you think about the timing of when the more difficult to tackle major metros may start to be coming in play, is this a fiscal '26, fiscal '27 timeline? Just trying to get a better sense for when the rubber really starts to meet the road so to speak, on the physical integration of the core operations in the heart of the domestic network?
Raj Subramaniam : Yeah. Thank you, David. The FY '25 number is 250 stations integrated. I think the big lift is going to be in FY’26. So we have FY’26 and FY’27 are the two big years, but FY’26 will be the big lift for us for Network 2.0.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Raj Subramaniam for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Raj Subramaniam : Thank you, operator. In closing, I'd like to thank our team members for delivering this outstanding peak season. We have five more days to go and I really look forward to a very strong finish. Let me wish all of you listening on this call a very happy holiday season. Thank you so much.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-09-19 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FedEx Fiscal Year 2025 First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeni Hollander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeni Hollander: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. The first quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q and stat book are available on our website at investors.fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website, where the replay and slides will be available for about one year. During our Q&A session, callers will be limited to one question to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Today's presentation also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and CEO; Brie Carere, Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer; and John Dietrich, Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I will turn the call over to Raj.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Jeni, and good afternoon. Our results reflect a challenging Q1 demand environment which was weaker than we expected, particularly in the U.S. domestic package market. Looking at our performance on a year-over-year basis, there are several factors at play. Weakness in the industrial economy pressured our B2B volumes, particularly in the U.S. We saw increasing demand for our lower-yielding services and some of this demand increase was driven by a shift in customer preference worldwide from priority to deferred services. And we continued to execute on structural cost reductions via DRIVE, which partially offset revenue and expense pressure. That said, we now expect the cadence of DRIVE-related savings throughout the year to increase sequentially by quarter. And we had one fewer operating day in the quarter. Notwithstanding this difficult quarter, with the actions we are taking, we remain confident in the trajectory ahead. We are on track to deliver the $4 billion of savings through DRIVE in FY '25 compared to the FY '23 baseline. We have recently implemented significant new pricing actions relating to both demand and fuel surcharges, which will benefit us in the coming quarters. We're making significant progress on our network transformation. We are prepared for the expiration of the U.S. Postal Service contract and we are continuing to roll out Network 2.0. The implementation of Tricolor, which is the re-design of our global air network is well underway. The demand changes we're seeing in the market make Tricolor an even more instrumental element of our longer-term strategy to increase flexibility of our network, lower our cost-to-serve and grow in new profitable markets. Taken together, our network transformation actions will drive improved profitability by unlocking efficiencies, improving density, and creating a more flexible network. This will strengthen our competitive position while simultaneously supporting our objectives for improved profitability and returns. Our innovative data-driven solutions also supporting our transformation and enabling a better experience for our customers. Additionally, our seamless transition to One FedEx at the start of Q1, allows us to operate more efficiently and effectively as we implement our strategies. Accounting for these factors, our updated expectations for the remainder of the fiscal year and our Q1 performance, we are narrowing our FY '25 adjusted EPS outlook range to $20 to $21. John will provide more color on the underlying assumptions shortly. DRIVE has evolved from a targeted transformation effort to being the foundation for how we work across the enterprise. In the first quarter, we achieved $390 million of DRIVE-related savings. Breaking this down by category, approximately $90 million came from our Surface Network, $160 million from our Air Network and International, and $140 million from G&A. Our Surface operations focused on efficiency in linehaul planning. In Air and International, we maintained focus on transforming our network while maximizing staff efficiency at hubs and ramps. In Europe, we further optimized in-station processes. Within G&A, we continued to improve the efficiency of our IT function. We also continued our transition from a regional-based procurement support model to one that's centralized and organized by spend category. We are collaborating across sourcing, finance, and the businesses to drive costs out. Looking ahead, we expect our quarterly DRIVE cost reductions to build quarter over quarter throughout the year. Within our Surface operations, we'll keep focusing on the end-to-end efficiency initiatives, including optimizing our rental fleet and maximizing rail usage. In the Air Network and International category, a majority of our savings in the remainder of the year will come from Europe. While we realized some Europe savings in the quarter, most of our Europe-related DRIVE savings will skew towards the second half of FY '25, as we achieve efficiency and productivity improvements across the region. I'm encouraged by the progress we're making in Europe, improving service levels, reducing churn, and winning new business despite difficult market conditions. We continue to expect $600 million of cumulative DRIVE-related savings from Europe, which will help us exit the year with a better-performing European business. Across the Air Network more broadly, we'll maintain our focus on managing our fleet and broader air operation efficiently. And within G&A, we'll continue to optimize functions globally with a focus on IT and outside vendor spend. In the first quarter, we continued to introduce Network 2.0 in select markets. Canada, which is our biggest network optimization yet, is well underway. On completion of Canada's rollout in early calendar year of 2025, nearly 200 facilities across the U.S. and Canada will be handling consolidated and integrated Ground and Express volume. Optimizations will resume post-peak and continue to ramp into FY '26. As we have shared before, we're taking a coordinated and deliberate approach to maintain and enhance customer service while also applying learnings from each rollout to later integrations. For example, we're optimizing pickup and delivery operations to best leverage existing assets and resources, including facilities, equipment, and team members. We're also now looking at geographic markets more holistically rather than by location. This enables us to consider volume and customer mix across an entire market. Our strategy is working. We continue to see roughly a 10% reduction in pickup and delivery costs in markets where we have fully rolled out Network 2.0. Service levels in these markets are meeting or exceeding our network average. We're also leveraging new technologies to facilitate high-quality service. For example, we recently launched what we call the Shipment Eligibility Orchestrator. This is an innovative internal decision-making engine that leverages machine learning to dynamically route packages in real-time. For Network 2.0, one application of this tool ensures that we direct high-priority healthcare and time-sensitive shipments to designated couriers trained to handle them. Shipment Eligibility Orchestrator is an evolving learning platform where we're adding new use cases by the day. In the first quarter, we also successfully piloted our new Hold-to-Match solution, which optimizes last-mile delivery costs. It does this by holding early ground stops when another package is designed for the same stop the following day. We will do this while ensuring an on-time delivery for all packages. Hold-to-Match is increasing stop density and will help lower our cost per package. We look forward to expanding the capability throughout the year. And this month, aligned with our mission to make supply chains smarter for everyone, we announced a strategic alliance and investment with Nimble. Nimble is an AI robotics and autonomous e-commerce fulfillment technology company. FedEx Supply Chain will use Nimble's cutting-edge fulfillment systems to streamline our operations, further penetrate the global e-commerce market, and unlock new opportunities for customers. As we shared last quarter, we're conducting an assessment of the role of FedEx Freight in our portfolio structure. The assessment is well underway and on track to be completed by the end of the calendar year, all while we continue to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers. Before I close, I would like to congratulate Mark Allen, our General Counsel and Secretary, on his upcoming retirement. During his distinguished 42-year career with FedEx, Mark has served as an instrumental counselor and a business partner. FedEx has benefited from his strong business acumen, unassuming leadership, and vast international experience. We thank him for his service. I'm excited to welcome Gina Adams into her new role as General Counsel and Secretary of FedEx, effective September 24th. Gina joined the Company in 1992. Since 2001, she has led Government and Regulatory Affairs. Gina brings extensive experience addressing many of the most important issues facing our Company and advocating for policies that support our customers and our industry. I know her expertise and insights will be invaluable as we continue to transform FedEx. I also want to take this opportunity to thank the entire FedEx team for their hard work and dedication as we transform our network, prepare for peak, and deliver for our customers. I remain confident in the value creation opportunities ahead as we focus on growing revenue profitably, reducing our structural costs, and leveraging the insights from our vast collection of data. Now, let me turn the call over to Brie.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. Despite a challenging demand environment, our team continued to deliver high-quality service to our customers. They are drawn to our distinct advantages, including our industry-leading weekend delivery, robust portfolio, and daily weekday delivery in rural areas that the competition simply can't match. Our value proposition continues to attract customers in high-value segments such as healthcare and small and medium business. In the front half of the calendar year 2024, we continued to gain profitable market share in the United States and around the world. Let's review first quarter top-line performance by segment on a year-over-year basis. At Federal Express, revenue declined 1%. This was driven by one fewer operating day and a mix shift toward deferred services. A slightly lower U.S. domestic average daily package volume was offset by higher international export package volume. Yield remained positive, driven by higher base rates and fuel surcharges, with growth partially offset by a tapering of international export demand surcharges. At FedEx Freight, revenue declined 2%, driven by reduced weight per shipment and priority shipment, lower fuel surcharges, and one fewer operating day. Revenue per shipment, however, was up 2%, demonstrating our continued focus on revenue quality. We continue to lead the LTL market in total revenue share while maintaining a great revenue per hundredweight. Turning now to volume trends by service during the quarter. Volumes were pressured, led by weakness in the U.S. market, partially offset by international growth. Across U.S. domestic Express Services, volumes declined 3% due to a weaker B2B demand environment. Ground volumes were slightly higher, driven by a targeted FedEx Ground economy growth strategy. We continue to focus growth on customers who have both a FedEx Ground economy and a FedEx Ground home delivery requirement. This improves both total yield and customer profitability. International export package volumes increased 9% in the quarter, driven by international economy, which is largely consistent with recent quarterly trends. At FedEx Freight, both weight per shipment and average daily shipments declined 3%. We attribute some of this weakness to a shift of heavier freight to the truckload market due to the excess truckload capacity and associated lower rates. And as a reminder, our contract with the United States Postal Service expires later this month, and we will be making network adjustments post expiration. During the quarter, we continued to meet our service commitment with revenue near contract minimums as we expected. We are operating in a very competitive but still rational pricing environment. Against this backdrop, we maintain our focus on revenue quality and continued to grow the yield in the first quarter, but at a lower rate than we expected, especially here in the United States. At Federal Express, package yield increased 1% overall, driven by U.S. priority and international domestic. Yield for our Ground Services came in roughly flat, driven by growth and lower-yielding residential volume. As expected, the combined international priority and international economy parcel yield declined, primarily due to the tapering of demand surcharges. At FedEx Freight, revenue per shipment was up 2% as we continue to lean into our revenue quality strategy. Lower weights and decreased fuel surcharge revenue due to the lower fuel prices partially offset strength in base yields. Overall, the LTL pricing environment remains disciplined and rational. Importantly, we announced several pricing actions that we expect to improve yield in the coming quarters. Last week, we shared plans for a 5.9% general rate increase, effective in January. We expect a high GRI capture this year. We have increased our U.S. and international fuel surcharge tables and announced new demand surcharges, which take effect in the coming days and weeks. The broader approach to demand surcharges reflects the requirement to cover our incremental peak cost to deliver an outstanding service during the holiday season. Looking at FY '25, we now expect revenue to grow at low single-digit rates. We previously expected low to mid-single-digit revenue growth this fiscal year. At the midpoint of our outlook range, we expect the demand environment to moderately improve as we move through the year, driven by slight recovery in the industrial economy, e-commerce growth, and low inventory levels. We anticipate some improvement in the pricing environment skewed toward the second half of the fiscal year. We also expect modest improvement in the U.S. domestic Ground parcel volume, with the year-over-year increase growing, particularly in the back half of the fiscal year. We expect LTL shipments to inflect positive later in the fiscal year, and our outlook assumes continued strength in Asia export volume demand. The current environment increases our conviction that the market requires a provider with a portfolio with both Express and Deferred parcel and air freight solutions. Our Tricolor strategy positions us to evolve our international business as the market shifts while delivering these services more profitably. In Q1, we established the international network design, and we will continue to optimize our operations to improve profitability. Planned enhancements include both operational and pricing changes, which will drive increased density per flight, lower last-mile cost, and improved international dimension capture. As part of this strategy, in Q1, we launched our new FedEx International Deferred Freight Service, which has a slower transit time than international economy freight. We will use this extra time to both build dense skids and increase the proportion of volume that is trucked to its final destination. Looking ahead to peak, I am particularly excited about the great service we will deliver for our customers. This holiday season, consumers will have improved visibility to their shipments via real-time map view. And just in time for peak, we will launch our Picture Proof of Delivery attempt, which will provide customers with a picture of a door tag in the event of a missed delivery. This feature will bolster communication about the delivery attempt and elevate the customer experience. In closing, I am proud of our team's hard work and dedication during a difficult quarter. I am confident our pricing actions, our distinct service advantages, and, of course, our world-class team will position us incredibly well as we head into peak. And with that, I'll turn it over to John to discuss the financials in more detail.
John Dietrich: Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everyone. As Raj and Brie both mentioned, our first quarter results reflect a more challenging environment, which pressured Q1 profitability despite our ongoing progress to reduce structural costs through DRIVE. I'll start with the Q1 adjusted operating income bridge to help explain the quarterly dynamics on a year-over-year basis. Our first quarter results were negatively affected by soft revenue trends, with a global decline in priority volume and growth in deferred volume. This dynamic pressured our results twofold. First, it constrained yield growth, with total package yield up 1% year-over-year, almost 1 percentage point lower than we expected. Yield was most constrained internationally, with added pressure from more volume in lower-yielding services and reduced demand surcharges. Second, the increase in international economy volume was the primary driver of the $124 million increase in purchase transportation expense at Federal Express. In addition, we had one fewer operating day in the quarter, resulting in an approximately $170 million headwind. We were able to partially offset these headwinds and normal inflationary cost pressures with about $390 million of structural cost savings from DRIVE. As Raj mentioned, we now expect quarterly DRIVE-related savings to build throughout the year. So, while our Q1 DRIVE results were solid, they were below our expectations from a timing standpoint, and will increase sequentially through the remainder of FY '25. All these factors combined resulted in an adjusted operating profit decline of $382 million. Moving to a breakdown by segment. At Federal Express, adjusted operating profit decreased $337 million year-over-year, with $150 million of the decline due to one fewer operating day. The remaining $187 million reduction was a result of the reduced flow-through associated with the revenue softness and the shift toward deferred service offerings partially offset by DRIVE savings. Increased demand for international economy and higher rates were the primary drivers of higher purchase transportation costs. Taking the revenue and associated costs together, international economy growth provided a modest benefit to profitability. We expect international economy profitability to continue improving as we execute on Tricolor. Additionally, we were expecting to achieve higher revenue and profit flow-through from U.S. premium services in Q1, which did not materialize. As a result, we are adjusting our U.S. domestic network to reflect the softer demand environment. At FedEx Freight, while operating profit was down $43 million, nearly half this decline was due to one fewer operating day. Lower weight per shipment and decreased priority volumes continued to be headwinds, partially offset by base yield improvement. In light of our Q1 performance in the current demand environment, we are narrowing our FY '25 EPS outlook range. We now expect $20 to $21 in adjusted EPS for FY '25, compared to the prior range of $20 to $22. At the top end of our range, we assume an improvement in the pricing environment and the industrial economy. At the low end of the range, we assume the pricing environment continues to be very competitive and the industrial economy remains challenged. As Brie shared, we now anticipate our revenue growth rate to be in the low single digits. Regarding our expected earnings cadence for the remainder of the fiscal year, the U.S. Postal Service contract termination headwind will begin in Q2, as expected. We plan to reduce our daytime flight hours by approximately 60%, with the majority of that reduction taking place in October. We anticipate a negative effect in Q2 from the timing of Cyber Week, which shifts into Q3 this fiscal year. Overall, from an EPS perspective, we expect lower-than-normal seasonality in Q2 and better-than-normal seasonality in the fiscal second half. Supporting this cadence are ramping DRIVE savings that we are confident we will deliver in the quarters ahead. Turning to our updated full-year operating income bridge, which shows the year-over-year operating profit elements embedded in our full-year outlook. This bridge now reflects adjusted operating profit of $7 billion, which is equivalent to $20.50 adjusted EPS, the midpoint of our outlook range. For revenue net of costs, which now includes variable incentive compensation, we expect $100 million headwind, reflecting our lower revenue projection and the shift in the volume mix dynamic I mentioned earlier. We now forecast a $500 million headwind from international export yield pressure, up $100 million from our prior expectations, due to lower-than-expected base yields and the mix shift to international economy. We still expect about $300 million headwind from two fewer operating days, one that was in Q1 and one that will be in Q4. And lastly, we anticipate a $500 million headwind from the U.S. Postal Service contract termination. And as I just mentioned, we remain confident in our ability to offset these headwinds with $2.2 billion from incremental DRIVE savings. Further supporting this revised outlook is our commitment to revenue quality, including our latest demand surcharges, which are broader than they have been historically, and fuel surcharge table adjustments, as Brie mentioned. For the full year at the segment level, we continue to expect adjusted operating margin expansion at Federal Express. At FedEx Freight, assuming the challenging revenue environment persists, we now anticipate a modest decline in operating margins. At the midpoint of this new outlook range, we expect to deliver 15% adjusted EPS growth. Moving to capital allocation, in Q1, capital expenditures were $767 million. We are on track to invest $5.2 billion in CapEx for FY '25, which is flat versus FY '24, and we still anticipate strong adjusted free cash flow this fiscal year. We'll be allocating capital to the highest return segments of our portfolio, and we remain committed to improving our ROIC. Supported by our healthy cash on hand and strong adjusted free cash flow, we completed $1 billion in stock repurchases in Q1 and plan to repurchase an additional $1 billion in Q2. Overall, I remain confident in the transformation initiatives underway, which will translate to improved profitability in FY '25 and beyond. And with that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today is from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking the question. So, just wanted to see if you could give a little bit more color on the negative mix shift. It seems like it's pretty pervasive, but maybe a little bit in the U.S. and also some international. And why do you think you can push through additional demand surcharges, fuel surcharges, and a GRI? So, maybe you can square those two together because it doesn't seem like it's a constructive environment to keep on raising prices to that level. Thank you.
Brie Carere: Good afternoon, Brian. It's Brie. Thank you for the question. So, from a pricing perspective obviously, we look at our entire and our collective pricing strategy in each individual component, but then, of course, then holistically. We have been studying kind of the market and the yield, and we're very confident in the capture rate from a GRI that we anticipate in January. From a demand surcharges perspective, I think we have two different factors that we're looking at here. One, we did make the change for the demand surcharge for the domestic market from an e-commerce perspective. As we have kind of talked about over the last couple of years, demand surcharges are necessary to improve the profitability and make sure that we deliver the outstanding service that customers expect, because, of course, this is the most important time of the year for retailers. And this year, we had to make a shift in addition to using demand surcharges for the customers that drive the peaking factors. We had to have a more widespread distribution, but we really are still emphasizing on the customers that drive the increase. So, we're very confident on the capture from a demand perspective. And then fuel, obviously, when we look at the total yield or customer spend from an international perspective, we think that this is the right mix and the right approach to make sure that we are growing our yield. We still believe that the international service at FedEx is just a great value, and so we're very confident from a capture perspective. When we look at, to your point, the demand distribution, I would say from an international perspective, we knew that there would be -- the demand surcharge in international would behave a little differently than the peak surcharges here in the United States, and we had anticipated that. And it was -- actually there was more pressure there in first quarter. We do anticipate that pressure to taper as we go through the year. And what do I mean by that? We can see the strength still in the Asia export market, and we can see the stickiness on demand surcharges. So, we've made some changes there. So, we do expect that that will improve through the year. So, I think that kind of gives you just how we're thinking about the pricing and the mix shift.
Operator: The next question is from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi. I was wondering, you talked about the lower-than-normal second quarter EPS seasonality. Can you give some sense for order of magnitude below normal, and how do you define normal? Is it like a percentage of typical full-year earnings? And I guess following that, what gives confidence on the sharp second half ramp? Is it more of the economy? Is it mix? Is it B2B coming back? Thanks.
John Dietrich: Yes. Thanks, Jordan. It's John. And we're really not in a position to give quarterly guidance, but what I can share with you is our expected cadence. So, regarding our expected earnings cadence for Q2, as we talked about, we're going to experience the U.S. Postal Service contract termination. That will be a headwind that begins in Q2. And we also anticipate a negative effect in Q2 from the timing of Cyber Week. So, that's going to push into Q3. So, overall, from an EPS perspective, we expect lower-than-normal seasonality in Q2 and better-than-normal seasonality in the fiscal second half of the year. And to your question, supporting our view on this is the ramp-up in DRIVE savings as well as the revenue actions, really tangible, meaningful revenue actions that Brie talked about. So, that's why we're focused on certainly the whole year, but that upside in the second half.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Chappell with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. John, kind of sticking with that theme, you noted the $390 million in DRIVE in the first quarter was lower than what you anticipated. So, can you help us understand why that fell short of your first quarter target? And if you're not -- and if you can't give the cadence quarterly from here, or at least how much is going to be back half-weighted, what gives us the confidence that the $2.2 billion is still attainable when coming off a quarter when the quarterly target can be hit?
John Dietrich: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Jonathan. Look, we had a lot of positive momentum coming through Q4 of last year -- last fiscal year and into the first quarter. And as many of you may have heard me say in the past, with regard to these DRIVE initiatives, many of them over-deliver, some of them under-deliver, some of them produce on time, some perhaps a little later in time. What I can tell you is, there's a very robust DRIVE process. And we feel very strongly that while we're pleased with the $390 million that we delivered, we would have liked to have seen more based on that positive momentum. But we're committed to the $2.2 billion for the fiscal year. And I'll just also refer to the $1.8 billion from last year. We laid that marker down and we delivered on it. I personally, as well as other members of the senior team, sit on the DRIVE initiative sessions which occur every week. So, that's really what gives me the confidence, seeing the progress, seeing the commitment of the teams, and frankly, the strong pipeline of initiatives that are delivered every week. And so it's an evolving exercise, but at the same time, we're committed to those numbers.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask you about some of the pressure from purchase transportation costs that were up quite a bit. I think you alluded to them being driven somewhat by international economy growth. So, I mean, I guess the question is, is there something that's a little bit wrong right now with international economy that you're not making money with it, or it's just like calibrated wrong? Because it seems like that's part of the problem with PT going up. So, yes, how do we think about IE and also the equation for PT expense to be more manageable and less of a drag on margin? Thank you.
John Dietrich: Sure. Thanks, Tom. So, yes, as mentioned, the purchase transportation costs did increase. And really, there are three major drivers of this absolute expense increase. And first, I'll note that the PT included $130 million of year-over-year increase, which was from higher freight forwarding revenue in our logistics operating segment. And this increase in purchase transportation expense was directly related to increase in revenue at logistics. So, that's the first element. Second, with regard to Federal Express, most of our PT spend is related to our contracted service provider pickup and delivery, surface linehaul spend both in the U.S. and internationally. And the remainder at FEC is driven by air commercial linehaul. So, in the ordinary course, it's important to note that this is a $4.7 billion-plus spend line item. And the ordinary course increases in our rates amounted to about $140 million of PT expense increase. That was partially offset by the efficiency gains, and of course, one fewer operating day. So, that's the second element. And then finally, the third, the $120 million of PT expense was additional commercial airline haul capacity, which ties in with your point on the international economy, as well as some investment in Tricolor. But what I can say is that those volumes were contributory to the year-over-year profit. So, little pressure on margin, but they were contributory and not loss-making. So, hopefully that gives you some clarity on that.
Operator: The next question is from Daniel Imbro with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Yes, thanks. Good evening, guys. I want to ask one on the FedEx Freight side. So, you guys have been closing locations for a little while. You closed some more here on 1Q. I guess, how are you thinking, John, about capital deployment towards that segment and actually reinvesting into growth? And then as it relates to the strategic review, as far as I understand, by year-end, we'll get the update. But what are the factors you guys are still digging into as you decide what's the best decision for this asset over time? Thanks.
John Dietrich: Sure. Thanks for that question. Yes, with regard to freight, it's absolutely part of our capital investment program and our plan. As I mentioned in my remarks, we're looking to invest in those areas of the business that's going to provide the best ROIC, and freight is certainly one of them. We feel really good about our investment on the air side in our fleet. In fact, that spend is coming down, and that allows us some capital to deploy into some of the other areas of the business, and freight is absolutely one of them. So, we'll stay tuned on terms of the details on that. But from a capital standpoint, we're going to continue to manage our capital intensity. I think from my perspective, on a year-over-year basis, that's a really good news story. We saw both flat expectations year-over-year, as well as some sequential reductions from Q4 of last year. And so facilities are definitely a part of it. It's all part of our integrated plan on One FedEx and Network 2.0 as well.
Brie Carere: Hi, Daniel, it's Brie. The only other thing that I would like to add is I just wanted to make sure there was an assumption in that question that we were constraining growth at FedEx Freight because of capital allocation. That is not at all the case. Obviously, there's a tough freight environment right now, but Lance, John, and I are very committed to profitably growing the FedEx Freight portfolio, and we feel really good about our value proposition. So, we are looking always for dock door expansion in the right markets, and when we make closures, they simply just were not in the right place from a growth perspective.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Wetherbee from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hi, thanks. Just as we're thinking of trying to calibrate a little bit appropriately here, John, maybe if you could help us on the second quarter, just is there enough in terms of the walk as you move from 1Q to 2Q for earnings to be up sequentially, I guess, would maybe be the first question. And I guess maybe for Brie, just very quickly on the pricing side. Obviously, some big peak season surcharges that have come --been announced so far, I guess. How do you think about sort of the compliance or capture rate around that and any sort of early indications you're having from your customers on the likelihood of that kind of coming to fruition?
John Dietrich: Yes, thanks, Chris. I'll take the first part of that and then turn it over to Brie. Yes, but on a sequential basis, when we talk about the revenue actions and the pricing actions that Brie talked about, coupled with the DRIVE savings that we expect and are committed to, yes, we see definitely the opportunity for sequential quarter-over-quarter profit improvement.
Brie Carere: Hi, Chris. From a demand surcharge perspective, obviously, we've got several years of track record and also our large customer peak surcharges are already pre-negotiated, so I feel pretty good from a capture perspective there. We have, to your point, changed methodologies a little bit. I think we've been conservative in our estimate on the capture right there, and that is reflected already in the range provided. So, I think we've got the right balance. I am optimistic about the capture because I think customers do understand that there's a lot of pressure on the network, especially this year. If you think about the shopping period for this year, there's five less shopping days, which means there's three less operating days, and so it really is a condensed peak period, and I think our customers understand that and therefore understand the broader approach from a peak demand perspective.
Operator: The next question is from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you. Maybe taking a step back here, looking at the quarter, clearly, some challenges outside of your control, really, that you called out impacting the top-line and kind of the full-year expectations, but if you kind of look at the performance of the quarter given it was a bit more of a challenging top-line environment, still saw a pretty material impact to overall earnings kind of going quarter to quarter here, 4Q to 1Q. So, as you think about your ability to kind of flex your network and adjust to maybe some of these challenges that can pop up intra quarter, how would you kind of rate your performance? And if you think back, is there something that should have been done differently? DRIVE savings, you obviously have called out? But just as, again, you can flex your network. Maybe just some insight there would be helpful. Thanks.
John Dietrich: Yes. Thanks, Stephanie. It's John. Yes, no, it's a great question, and I think the team does an excellent job of monitoring the demand trends and adjusting as best we can. Pretty dramatic changes, though, when you talk about the mix shift that we experienced. And the volumes were there. Volumes were, for the most part, pretty strong, and when you're operating such an expansive network, it takes a little bit of time to adjust, but we're looking at that every day and, frankly, every week and making schedule adjustments. And, frankly, as we look forward here, as part of the winding down of the Postal Service contract, I think we're going to have some additional flexibility to continue to create the network of the future, which is going to allow for some additional efficiencies and flexibility. So, we're optimistic about that, but when, again, you're talking about a large network, it's tough to flip a switch, if you will. But I think the team does a great job of monitoring that and adjusting.
Operator: The next question is from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hi, good afternoon, and thanks for taking the question. Raj, I guess if I listen to the call only, it sounds like DRIVE is working, FedEx One is well underway. The Tricolor initiative is supposedly delivering profitable market share. But -- and I guess it's kind of just feeding off that last question. The reality is this is one of the lowest profit first quarters that we've seen since maybe 2009. And EPS is very much run rating well below your full year range here. So, I think it's just -- it's really hard to get credibility with investors with these types of numbers and with costs that are actually up, even though supposedly DRIVE is underway. So, I don't know, can you just give us some concrete examples of what's going to change? I get it, the post office contract is going away, then taking down daytime flying in a step in the right direction. But incrementally, how do we get to that much higher earnings run rate?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you, Brandon, for that question. I will just start by saying, yes, this point that we just talked about before, the soft industrial economy is clearly weighing on the B2B volumes. And it was definitely much weaker than we expected, and we have to make adjustments accordingly. And as you know, shipments linked to industrial production are highest yielding and the most profitable. At the same time, e-commerce is resetting and starting to grow again. And we're also seeing some modest improvements in global trade. So, the dynamics of the profile of our traffic changed. Having said all this, we're absolutely focused on what we can control. And this is the mantra that we have preached over the past two years, and we have got real good success that we have demonstrated over several quarters. We have a very, very deep sense of urgency in executing our structural cost reduction programs. You can take that to the bank. We have revenue quality initiatives that Brie talked about. We have profitable growth opportunities that we are lining up as well. And everything, I mean, everything is now being done with the rigor and the discipline of DRIVE. This is a proven method of success, and I'm very confident that our execution will get us to support our FY '25 guidance. I'm going to turn it to John to talk about any -- specifically some examples on the DRIVE side and maybe Brie on the growth side.
John Dietrich: Sure, Raj. Thank you. So, again, across the board, as we look at surface operations, for example, we're going to continue to optimize our staffing and enhance efficiencies across all our segments, frankly. And the implementation of some of our technology tools is going to facilitate not only present day, but also as we look forward into Network 2.0, it's going to be a key element of that. On the air network, we're looking at the entire network. I mentioned what we're able to do once we're relieved of the Postal Service flying, but our air network, there's more we can do in Europe. There's more we can do internationally and matching the size of aircraft, the gauge of aircraft with the demand profiles, there's a lot of great work being done there. Europe is another area where we're going to be able to have, as Raj mentioned in his initial comments, some opportunity there and leveraging not only the DRIVE initiatives, but as Raj mentioned, it's a significant ground operation there and we're leveraging the expertise of what we do exceptionally well here in the U.S. to facilitate and continue to improve what we're doing in Europe. And then the progress we're making on G&A is significant. As we're bringing the OpCo's together, just from a procurement standpoint, I mentioned IT, there's a lot of great work being done of which there's more to do, but we're getting benefit from leveraging our scale on procurement and centralizing that and just a whole number of initiatives that are going to contribute to the rest of the year as well as delivering on the $2.2 billion.
Brie Carere: Brandon, the only thing that I will add, as we talked about kind of the plans that we have for demand surcharges as well as the fuel surcharge table changes, both the domestic change and the international change, not all of this was planned or in our original assumptions come June. So, that is additive. The impact, there absolutely is impacting Q2, but the majority of the impact will happen in Q3 given just the distribution of peak and then of course our GRI. So, that gives us great context -- or sorry, great confidence because we can forecast this with a lot of granularity. And then I think just additive to what John said, as we look at our European pricing strategy, as I've talked about, we are taking a lot of our tools and capabilities from the U.S. into Europe to improve their profitability and their pricing capture. Dimensional capture is significant for Europe because remember they do have a sizable intra-European freight business and getting all dimensional capture both there and large package for parcel is incredibly important to that business. And you can see some of the discipline improving, the international domestic yields did improve. And of course that is a big part of the Europe business. So, I'm very confident in not only what we've announced, but some of the things that we have coming for Europe.
Operator: The next question is from Jason Seidl with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Jason Seidl: Hi, thank you for taking my question. How should we think about the overall macro? I mean, we've seen a very weak industrial environment. You guys seem to point to a weaker parcel volumes and then even a trade-down, I guess what's in your assumptions going forward for the overall macro? And then as a follow-up, if there is a strike on the East Coast ports and Gulf, how could that potentially impact any air freight volumes you might say?
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Thank you, Jason, for the question. The -- clearly, this quarter, the industrial economy is weighing our B2B volumes and the S&P U.S. manufacturing PMI dipped 1.7 points to 47.9, is the lowest reading of the year. And at the same time, e-commerce is resetting and starting to grow again. As of Q2, CY '24 e-commerce was 16% of retail sales, which is up from 15.8% in Q1. And also we're also seeing modest improvement in the global trade data. The trade was up 1.8% year-over-year in June and bringing the growth for H1 CY '24 to 0.9%. So, this has been driven out of Asia. To give you some idea, the magnitude of the Fed rate cuts yesterday signals the weakness of the current environment. Now we're not assuming a significant comeback on the industrial environment in the rest of this calendar year. We're cautiously optimistic that industrial production will moderately improve in the second half, but we are dialing in pretty low growth expectations at this point because of the environment we are seeing. Once again, let me just say this, that we remain focused on what we can control. And that is really critical for us. And the action we're taking on executing our structural cost savings or our revenue initiatives and growth initiatives are absolutely critical. And we are confident we'll deliver on the guidance that we give you.
John Dietrich: And Jason, if I could, you had asked about the port disruption and my experience is, anytime you have some port disruption, it generally favors air freight. So, we'll be watching that closely. And keep you posted on that.
Operator: The next question is from Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please go ahead. Mr. Cunningham, is your phone on mute? Move on to the next question is Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hi, thanks, afternoon guys. I'm in an airport, so sorry about any background noise. Raj, I know we're not through the review yet for LTL, but maybe just talk, what are the puts and takes, the pros and cons? And if you can say, are you -- do you feel like it's more or less likely that you move forward with a sale or spin? And while we're on this topic of like strategic reviews, is there a point where you think about strategic options for the Europe business if we can't get back to profitability?
John Dietrich: So, Scott, I'll take the first one. As Raj mentioned in his remarks, the assessment is well underway and we're on track to complete it and communicate the outcome of that by the end of the calendar year.
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. And on Europe, let me just say this much. Europe is the top priority for the executive team and we have a long runway of profit improvement there. In fact, the entire exec committee was in the continent in June to show the support for the team. Our focus is on capturing profitable share while at the same time improving our cost profile. In fact, in FY '24, we saw the financial performance in Europe improve year-over-year. We're seeing improvement in service levels, the commercial execution, driving profitable share gains, and the service levels have been highest in the -- than in the past three years. Now, as we've just talked about before, I mean, Europe is primarily a ground and freight business. And as we are sure in the U.S., we know how to run a very profitable surface network. And we are taking these learnings from the U.S. and applying it to Europe. Over the past few months, we've done an incredible amount of work in deciding the right physical and technological solutions to enable the streamlined flow of packages and pallets across our intra-European road network. And now this is being put into action. And our U.S. domestic surface executive management team is directly involved and intricately involved in the optimization of the European service network. So, with that, we're going to drive improvement in Europe, again, managed through the DRIVE process. We'll improve the station and hub efficiency. We'll optimize the linehaul and last mile density. We will continue to improve on our G&A and back office savings. As we talked about, implement dimensional pricing for European freight products. And we've put in place a revised organization structure, which added expertise from the U.S. service team. We are confident of this now in Europe, and we are expecting improvement of $600 million over FY '23 as part of DRIVE. And we're confident that we have the right leadership in place with Wouter at the helm. So, thank you for that question, Scott.
Operator: The next question is from David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead. Mr. Vernon, is your line on mute?
David Vernon: Hi, sorry about that. I was in an airport. I was trying to keep the background noise down. So, John, if you think about the cadence of earnings for the remainder of FY '25, $16.90 or so, can you give us a sense for how much of that is front versus backend loaded? And then I know you can't really talk much about beyond the fact that the freight review is ongoing, but there's been some discussion in the market about whether the freight margins as they're reported within your Company costs would be similar to what they might be kind of coming out if it was a standalone business. Can you just talk conceptually whether the intercompany costs that are charged to the freight business right now sort of accurately reflect what a burden might be if you had to equip it with a sales force, for example? Thank you.
John Dietrich: Yes, thanks, David. Yes, I'm not going to comment further on freight. There's a comprehensive assessment taking place that takes all those things into account, and we'll look forward to reporting back on that. Now, with regard to the cadence, as I said, we're expecting Q2 to be, from a seasonal standpoint below seasonality, and it's going to be back half sequentially. We're going to see continued improvement through the year. And that includes our DRIVE initiatives as well as our profitability initiatives. So, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Bruce Chan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Hi, good evening, everyone. You made a couple of mentions of the strong Asia export volumes. Can we just maybe level set on how much of that is coming from the big two or three Chinese e-comm players and how you're thinking about those volumes heading into peak season? And then maybe just to follow up, if we think about these players taking down a lot of capacity during peak season and maybe pushing air freight costs upwards, what's the sort of net impact here with Tricolor? I'd imagine that there's some tailwind to the Purple Tails, but maybe there's continued PT pressure on some of the other colors. So, just maybe some thoughts on how we should think about that.
Brie Carere: Hi, Bruce, it's Brie. I think I've got it all. So, as we think about Asia export for the rest of the fiscal year, we are expecting sort of continued strength based on what we saw in Q1 from a seasonality. Yes, of course, we will have some seasonal improvement in the peak period coming out of Asia, but we think that the volumes will remain very similar kind of seasonally throughout the year. With regards to the big two, we have very productive relationships with them. However, we've also been very strategic in making sure that the relationship is mutually beneficial. What do I mean by that? Obviously, these are two massive shippers coming out of the Asia market, and we have found, I would say, small opportunities to work together relative to our overall Asia business. So, we're really happy with the relationship. They are accretive, but we have really focused on the parts of their business where they do need speed and/or where we have available capacity coming into the United States. So, we're happy with these relationships. They will not be a significant growth driver for us, and we're not planning on that. We also do not see any sort of material risk coming out of peak as a result either. And I guess I should say from a Tricolor perspective, just the last part of your question, we absolutely expect that improved Tricolor optimization that John has covered earlier will continue to improve all of our international margins. We really have to think about the Tricolor being the right strategy for the entire international system form as we anticipate that deferred volumes will continue to be the largest growth driver in the industry.
Operator: The final question today comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Thanks for squeezing me at the end. I guess maybe just there's still, it seems to be a bit of confusion based on a lot of questions coming in, just on the margin outlook, right? So, if you're -- well, I guess one, sequentially, John, you did say it's going to be up both sequentially and year-over-year, right? I think you threw the two things together. But if Raj, I guess if we're talking about 5% combined margins now, is the economic economy service a negative margin business that is dragging you down? If international is still losing money, does the $600 million you're talking about get you to break-even versus peers at 20%? Maybe you can talk about kind of where does this go once you're done with the DRIVE savings, before Network 2.0, but what is the flow-through that we can kind of expect on a net basis?
John Dietrich: So, Ken, I'll start with that. I believe I said sequential. I didn't -- I don't believe I said year-over-year, so just that one clarification. And so again, from -- we're not going to be providing quarterly guidance, but for modeling purposes, we're anticipating freight margins to be down for the full year due to the challenging U.S. domestic industrial economy. And we do anticipate adjusted FEC margins to be up for FY '25 driven by DRIVE and the recent pricing actions, which will support profitable growth.
Raj Subramaniam: And let me just add, Ken, that the items that you just talked about, and let me just recap, with Network 2.0 coming into play in the horizon we're talking about in the next couple of years, improvements that we are seeing in Europe and that'll continue on, the Tricolor will be a huge advantage as we restructure the system. These are all accretive to the FedEx story as we move forward here. And so, as we complete the $4 billion of DRIVE savings in fiscal '25, we still have significant drivers of profitable expansion for FedEx even this year and for some time in the future.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Raj Subramaniam for any closing remarks.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you very much. As you know, we faced a very difficult quarter marked by weaker-than-expected demand environment. However, because of the execution focus that we have, I remain confident in the value-creation opportunities ahead. We are focused on delivering structural cost reduction through DRIVE and executing our network transformation plans. And this efforts will lead to a more flexible, efficient, and intelligent network. Once again, let me thank the FedEx team members for their hard work and dedication in delivering outstanding customer experience, as we prepare for the peak season. And thank you all for your time and attention today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-06-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FedEx Fiscal Year 2024 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeni Hollander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeni Hollander: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. The fourth quarter earnings release and stat book are on our website at investors.fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website where the replay and slides will be available for about one year. During our Q&A session, callers will be limited to one question to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press release and filings with the SEC. Today's presentation also includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the investor relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and CEO; Brie Carere, Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer; and John Dietrich, Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I will turn it over to Raj.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Jeni. Our fourth quarter performance marks a strong end to a year of successful execution. We delivered year-over-year operating profit growth and margin expansion in every quarter of FY 2024. We lowered our capital intensity, reaching our FY 2025 target of less than 6.5% a year early. With lower CapEx and higher free cash flow, we returned nearly $4 billion to stockholders. And we meaningfully improved our return on invested capital. The entire industry faced a challenging demand environment in FY 2024. Our team focused on what we could control. And as a result, we delivered full year earnings towards the higher end of our original guidance range, up 19% year-over-year on an adjusted basis. We did this despite a decline in revenue compared to our initial growth expectations. We also advanced our network transformation, continuing to rollout Network 2.0 and finalizing the transition to One FedEx, which went into effect June the 1st. We did all of this while maintaining an intense dedication to serving our customers, a relentless pursuit of innovation, and an unwavering commitment to our people, service, profit culture. Our transformation journey will continue in FY 2025 as we build on the team's outstanding progress. Now turning to the quarter in more detail. At the enterprise level, revenue growth inflected positive this order as expected. While we saw modest yield improvement and signs of volume stabilization across segments, we have not yet seen a notable increase in demand. Continued execution of DRIVE, alongside effective expense management enabled year-over-year improvements to adjusted operating income, margins, and earnings per share. Let me pause here to acknowledge and provide context around the team's tremendous Q4 and full-year results. Ground delivered its highest adjusted operating income in company history for both the fourth quarter and the full year. At freight, fourth quarter operating income increased despite significant demand weakness. In fact, because of our strong fourth quarter performance, freight ended fiscal year 2024 with full year operating margin equal to last year's all-time high. Adjusting -- adjusted Express operating margin increased sequentially in the quarter, but declined year-over-year as expected. We continue to take action to unlock the full profit opportunity that exists in this business. DRIVE continues to change the way we work at FedEx. We achieved our target of $1.8 billion in structural costs out in FY 2024, with approximately $500 million from air network and international, $550 million from G&A, and $750 million from surface network. In our air network, structural network transformation and reduced flight hours drove the Q4 savings. Within G&A, we realized procurement savings by centralizing third party transportation, short equipment, and outside service contracts. Our surface network continued to maximize the use of rail. As part of that effort, freight now handles nearly 90% of the [drudge] (ph) volume, up from about 25% just one year ago. Looking ahead, we are firmly on track to achieve our target of $4 billion of savings in FY 2025 compared to the FY 2023 baseline. Let me spend a moment on Europe, where we are executing on the $600 million FY 2025 DRIVE savings target we have shared previously. I would like to thank Karen Reddington for her more than 27 years of service at FedEx, most recently as our Europe Regional President. Couple of weeks ago, Karen announced her impending retirement. We wish her all the very best. Walter Roles, who was an exceptionally seasoned and experienced executive, will become our Europe Regional President on July 1st. Walter has been leading our Europe DRIVE domain since his 2022 inception. I'm confident that under Walter's leadership, the team will continue to advance DRIVE initiatives to support improved performance. John, Brie, other FedEx executives and I were in Europe visiting the team just last week. Our team members there are working with rigor to execute on our efficiency plans and our performance improved on a year-over-year basis. The fourth quarter route optimization, improved thought processes, and productivity gains led our Europe DRIVE domain savings. The actions are already underway for FY 2025. I left the continent encouraged by our progress and with even more conviction in the opportunity ahead. On June 1, we reached an important milestone in our transformation, what we call One FedEx. This is the consolidation of FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and FedEx Services into Federal Express Corporation. There are many benefits. This foundational step improves efficiency and reduces cost. Allows our teams to move with speed and makes it easier for our team members to manage their FedEx couriers. In Q4, we also continued to roll out Network 2.0, including the launch in Canada, our largest market yet. In the first half of FY 2025, we will complete the Canada transition and optimize dozens of additional locations in the U.S. We expect to significantly pick up the pace into FY 2026. Importantly, even as we streamline our structure, we are maintaining our strong service levels, and we continue to offer the widest portfolio of services with the most compelling value proposition for our customers. Our integrated portfolio offering is a long-term driver of sustained profit improvement and a key enabler of our Tricolor network design. We also continue to leverage data to create a more flexible, efficient and intelligent network. In November of 2023, we began introducing a new tool to our contracted service providers in the US to track and drive improvement across key operating metrics tied to demand, safety, service and productivity. This tool is a common platform that we plan to scale globally, providing insights and enabling outcomes that are beneficial to FedEx, our contracted service providers, and our customers. Across the 65% of service providers currently using the platform is already driving service and safety improvements, which are translating into cost savings. Real-time visibility tools like this are critically important as we start to pull packages across our network, irrespective of service offerings. Our FY 2024 results laid a strong foundation as we kick off the new fiscal year. In fiscal 2025, we will continue to execute on our transformation strategy and expect to deliver adjusted EPS growth of 12% to 24%. John will provide more detail on our outlook and the underlying assumptions shortly. With the recent completion of the FY 2025 planning process, we have turned our focus to the next phase of our long-term stockholder value creation plans. As a part of this work, our management team and the Board of Directors, along with outside advisors are conducting an assessment of the role of FedEx Freight in our portfolio structure and potential steps to further unlock sustainable shareholder value. We're committed to completing this review thoroughly and deliberately by the end of the calendar year. We'll conduct this assessment while continuing to focus on customers, team members, and the safety of our operations. Before I close, I want to thank our FedEx team members for their continued commitment to our customers and their focused execution in FY 2024. I'm truly excited about the value creation opportunities in front of us as we continue to win profitable share, execute on our structural cost initiatives and leverage the insight from the vast amount of data we compiled from moving more than $2 trillion worth of goods every single year. We are firmly on track to achieve our $4 billion FY 2025 DRIVE cost savings target compared to the FY 2023 baseline. We expect another $2 billion to follow from Network 2.0. Our Tricolor strategy will improve the efficiency and asset utilization of the entire FedEx system. We expect to continue lowering our capital intensity, improving ROIC, drawing free cashflow, and delivering significant returns to stockholders. We have a clear line of sight for achieving 10% adjusted operating margin on $100 billion revenue. I have never been more confident in our future as we create the world's most flexible, efficient, and intelligent network. With that, let me turn the call over to Brie.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj, and Good afternoon, everyone. I want to congratulate our team on their outstanding Q4 and full year performance. Our service and speed advantages continue to attract customers in high value industries and segments. With this focus on profitable growth, we have continued to gain market share, both in the United States and around the world. We are very pleased to see revenue growth turn positive in the fourth quarter with volume stabilization and modest yield improvement. Let's review fourth quarter top line performance by segment on a year-over-year basis. At FedEx Ground, revenue increased 2% on a 1% increase in yield and a 1% increase in volume, driven by ground commercial. At FedEx Freight, revenue increased 2%, driven by higher yields. Average daily shipments increased slightly. At FedEx Express, revenue in the fourth quarter was flat with package yield up 2%. While positive, yield growth was pressured by a tapering of international export demand surcharges and an increasing mix of deferred services. International yields were also pressured by an increased capacity in the global air cargo market. Turning now to monthly volume trends during the quarter. Volumes continue to stabilize. In US domestic package, year-over-year volume declines continued to moderate. International export package volume increased 8% in the quarter, driven by international economy, largely consistent with the monthly trends we saw last quarter. Our continued focus on reliable service at Ground drove volume improvement in ground commercial. FedEx Freight shipment inflected positive as the quarter progressed as we lapped last year's demand softness. As we previously announced, our contract with the United States Postal Service will expire on September 29th. Until then, we will continue to meet our service commitments. We expect volumes to be near contract minimum, consistent with what we saw in the fourth quarter. After the expiration of the contract, we will implement adjustments for our operations and network that will drive efficiencies and create more flexibility. Similar to last quarter, the pricing environment remains competitive but rational. During the fourth quarter, we continue to grow yield as we focus on profitable growth and revenue quality. At Express, package yields increased 2%, driven by higher US domestic package yields, partially offset by international export yield pressure. At FedEx Ground, yield increased 1%, driven by home delivery and ground commercial. Our value proposition is translating to increased ground commercial market share gains, which positively contributed to our yields. And at FedEx Freight, revenue per shipment was up 1%, driven by a continued focus on revenue quality as we grew share in the most attractive parts of the market. This was Freight's strongest yield performance since the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. In light of the overall pricing environment, I am very pleased to report that we had a very strong US domestic capture rate on the 5.9% GRI in January. We recently announced fuel surcharge table increases across our services, which should also benefit yields in fiscal year 2025. We continue to enhance our portfolio and value proposition to drive profitable growth. Our world-renowned brand, the breadth of our networks, and our strong reliability, along with our digital portfolio are winning the hearts and the minds of customers around the world. A few commercial highlights I would like to share. We are very proud of our healthcare portfolio. Last year, as part of our commercial DRIVE focus, we increased focus on this attractive segment and experienced great results. We have over $1 billion of healthcare related revenue that comes from customers who utilize FedEx Surround. The FedEx Surround platform provides insights to help our customers monitor and solve their supply chain challenges. Surround gives customers real-time visibility into their shipments by combining information about the package with external data, such as weather, to predict delivery timeliness and to mitigate the risk of disruption. Another critical element of our healthcare strategy is our ability to demonstrate our high reliability and our ability to meet customer quality agreements. A quality agreement is essentially a customized standard operating procedure for critical healthcare shipments. In fiscal 2024, we signed new quality agreements for customers tied to over $500 million in revenue. As we expand our healthcare portfolio, we'll continue to focus on high-value areas like clinical trials. Earlier this month, in the Netherlands, we opened our first European Life Sciences Center. This state-of-the-art cooling facility is the sixth of its kind in our global network, offering an end-to-end supply chain solution for temperature-sensitive medical storage and transport. In addition to the tremendous work with our healthcare customers, our e-commerce portfolio is the most robust in the market. We have the best speed, coverage, and capabilities. Picture proof of delivery was a great new feature to improve customer confidence. We recently launched our picture proof of delivery APIs. These APIs enable our customers to expose picture proof of delivery within their own branded notifications and websites. This quarter, we signed several new pricing agreements with large retailers for our new picture proof of delivery API. This is a great differentiator and represents what will be the first of many wins for our new FDX platform. Looking ahead, in fiscal year 2025, we expect the demand environment to moderately improve as we move through the year. Currently, we expect US domestic parcel and LTL volumes to continue to improve with the year-over-year increase growing as the year progresses. International air cargo demand from Asia accelerated in early May and is stronger versus previous expectations. We expect year-over-year growth to be driven by e-commerce and low inventory levels. Shippers are facing tightened capacity both in air and sea freight services. Red Sea disruptions have further exacerbated shipper challenges from Asia to Europe. These conditions should bring strength to the overall air freight yields from Asia. In closing, I'm very confident in our outstanding team, our strong value proposition, and our new digital solutions. These will continue to power our success as we build on our momentum in fiscal year 2025. And with that, I'll turn it over to John to discuss the financials in more detail.
John Dietrich: Thanks, Brie. For fiscal year 2024, we delivered $6.2 billion of adjusted operating profit, which is nearly a $900 million or 16% year-over-year improvement. Adjusted operating margin expansion of 110 basis points and adjusted EPS up 19%. This is a very strong result in a year where revenue was down 3% or nearly $2.5 billion. We also reduced our capital intensity and achieved our CapEx to revenue target of 6.5% or less, a year ahead of schedule. And with the continued strong cashflow and lower capital intensity, we returned nearly $4 billion to stockholders. These results reinforce that our transformation efforts are taking hold and demonstrate our commitment to creating value for our shareholders. Taking a closer look at our Q4 consolidated performance on a year-over-year basis. Adjusted operating income increased by over $100 million, and adjusted operating margin expanded by 40 basis points. At Ground, the team delivered another strong quarter. Adjusted operating income increased by $133 million, and adjusted operating margin expanded by 130 basis points. This was driven by continued progress on DRIVE, increased yield, lower self-insurance cost, and commercial volume growth. At Freight, operating income increased by $58 million and operating margin improved by 220 basis points, driven by higher yield. Freight's continued focus on revenue quality and cost management has enabled improved profitability, despite the soft demand environment. As directionally expected, adjusted operating income at Express fell by $92 million in the quarter and adjusted operating margin was down 90 basis points. Express results were pressured by lower international yield, higher purchased transportation costs due to the launch of our Tricolor initiative, and a headwind from annual incentive compensation. DRIVE cost reductions and higher US domestic package yield partially offset these pressures. With respect to Europe, earlier this month we announced a planned reduction in the size of our European non-operational staffing to further support Express profit improvement. We expect $125 million to $175 million in annualized benefits beginning in FY 2027 with tailwinds starting later in FY 2026. Decisions like these are never easy, but are a necessary step to improve profitability in the region. In addition to our segment results, our fourth quarter results include a non-cash impairment charge of $157 million relating to our decision to permanently retire 22 Boeing 757 aircraft from our US domestic network, along with seven related engines. These actions, coupled with the previously announced retirement of nine MD-11’s in the quarter, resulted in the permanent removal of 31 jet aircraft from our fleet in FY 2024. This reflects our strategy to continue to right size our air network capacity with demand and unlock additional operating efficiencies. Now turning to our outlook for fiscal year 2025. Our adjusted earnings outlook range for the year is $20 to $22 per share. Let me talk through our key assumptions and variables. Starting with revenue, we expect low to mid-single digit growth, driven by improving trends in US domestic parcel and international export demand. The primary factors that will ultimately determine our revenue growth are: the rate of yield expansion; the pace of global industrial production; and growth of domestic e-commerce. We expect FY 2025 yields to benefit from both improved base rates and increased fuel surcharges. And consistent with what we have seen over the past year, we're anticipating a pricing environment that is competitive but rational. On the expense side, we remain committed to aggressively managing our cost structure, including the incremental $2.2 billion benefits tied to DRIVE. I'll walk you through the puts and takes in our FY 2025 operating profit bridge in a moment. But at the business level, in fiscal year 2025, we expect the newly combined Express, Ground and Services segment, now called Federal Express, to be the larger driver of FY 2025 adjusted income and margin improvement. And we expect FedEx freight margins to be up modestly year-over-year due to both yield and volume growth. I'd also like to provide some color on our quarterly cadence in light of the US Postal Service contract expiration at the end of September. We anticipate headwinds from the expiration of that contract to begin in the second quarter starting in October. With this headwind lessening in the second half as we aggressively reduce our Postal Service related costs, including our US domestic air network costs. Turning to other aspects of our outlook, our estimated effective tax rate for the full year is approximately 24.5% prior to mark-to-market retirement plan adjustments. We're also forecasting $560 million of business optimization costs in FY 2025 associated with our transformation. Our operating income bridge shows the operating profit elements embedded in our full year outlook. By way of illustration, we're using adjusted operating profit of $7.2 billion equivalent to $21 of adjusted EPS, the midpoint of our outlook range. To get to $7.2 billion of adjusted operating profit, we're now assuming revenue net of variable cost and continued inflationary pressures is up $100 million, US Postal Service contract termination results in a $500 million headwind, international export yield pressure of $400 million as demand surcharges diminish and mix continues shifting toward our deferred services and two fewer operating days in the year decreases profitability by $300 million. And as a side note, we've not experienced this adverse calendar dynamic since fiscal year 2001. And lastly, performance-based variable compensation increases by $100 million. DRIVE, however, will more than offset these pressures, delivering an incremental $2.2 billion in structural costs. As a result of all of these factors, and at the midpoint, we would expect fiscal year 2025 adjusted operating income to increase by approximately 15% year-over-year. In FY 2024, we remained focused on reducing our capital intensity, increasing ROIC, and continuing to provide increased stockholder returns, all while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $1.2 billion, bringing year-to-date CapEx to $5.2 billion, which is a decline of nearly a $1 billion compared to last year. We delivered ROIC of 9.9%, which is an increase of 120 basis points from last year's 8.7%. And we'll continue to focus on improving ROIC, and it is now a significant element of our long-term incentive program. Consistent with our goal of increasing stockholder returns, we completed $500 million of accelerated share repurchases in the fourth quarter, bringing our total share repurchases for the fiscal year to $2.5 billion. This is $500 million above our plan that we came into the year with. For the full year, we also generated $4.1 billion in adjusted free cash flow, which is up about $500 million year-over-year. Looking ahead to FY 2025, we anticipate capital spend of $5.2 billion, which will again be down year-over-year as a percentage of revenue and we'll work by prioritizing our capital toward optimizing our network as part of Network 2.0 and further enhancing our fleet and automation to improve operating efficiency. And we remain committed to decreasing aircraft CapEx to approximately $1 billion in FY 2026. Due to improved earnings and CapEx discipline, we expect to further grow adjusted free cash flow. This will enable us to deploy $2.5 billion in stock repurchases in FY 2025, including a planned $1 billion of repurchases in Q1. As previously announced, we're also enhancing our stockholder returns by increasing our dividend by 10%. And this is on top of the 10% increase we implemented in FY 2024. Lastly, we're planning for $800 million of voluntary pension contributions to our US qualified plans. And these plans continue to be well funded and we're at the 98.6% funding level at fiscal year-end. Finally, a quick update on our segment reporting changes. Now that we have successfully completed the consolidation of Express, Ground, and Services into Federal Express Corporation, I'm pleased to announce that our reportable segments in FY 2025 will be Federal Express and FedEx Freight with no changes to corporate and other. FedEx Freight will include FedEx Custom Critical, which was previously included in FedEx Express. We're making this change to Freight due to the business synergies between Custom Critical and Freight. Our new segment structure reflects our commitment to operating a fully integrated air and ground Express network. And let me be clear, notwithstanding the consolidation of Express and Ground, optimizing our Express services and associated costs, including the cost of our global air network, remains critical to our profit and return objectives. This consolidated structure will support One FedEx and Network 2.0 objectives, and will provide a more flexible, efficient, and intelligent network as One FedEx. We'll continue to provide service-level volume and yield detail, and we plan to share a revised statistical book in late August, which will include our recast results for FY 2023 and FY 2024. Overall, I want to acknowledge and thank the entire team for their efforts in delivering these strong FY 2024 results and improving profitability, despite a very challenging demand environment. I'm also really inspired by their commitment to achieving even stronger results in FY 2025 and beyond as we continue to deliver on the Purple Promise. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Daniel Imbro with Stephens Inc.. Please go ahead.
Daniel Imbro: Hey, good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe I want to ask on the Express side, some margins obviously came in at 2.6 for the year. I think, obviously, it's been a volatile, but with the cost progress in Europe, the USPS contract shift, and then just other moving factors in the core business, can you talk about how you expect those margins to trend, both in the near term and then as we move through fiscal 25? Raj, you gave a little bit of color, I think, on some of the USPS headwinds and timing, but any more detail there and quantifying that would be helpful. Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, thank you, Daniel, for that question. Let me start and then John can fill in on some of the other details here, too. Firstly, we are sequentially improving our performance in our Express services. It remains a top priority for me and the entire team. And we're taking multiple actions here. Firstly, we are aligning capacity with demand. As we already heard, we moved 31 aircraft from our jet fleet in Q4. As I mentioned to you in some detail last time we spoke, I talked to you about Tricolor. That's a fundamental restructuring of our network. It does two things: one, it improves our density, improves our asset utilization and expands margins. And secondly, because of reduction of cost to serve, it puts us in a position to profitably take share in the premium freight segment. Next, as I mentioned in my remarks, we will improve our European performance. We have -- our DRIVE commitment is to improve $600 million or FY 2023 baseline. And that's a critical part of how our Express services get better on FY 2025. And finally, we are taking active efforts to make sure that our global SG&A is streamlined. We are extremely confident that we can continue to unlock significant value in our Express services business. Now let me turn it over to John to add more detail.
John Dietrich: Yes. No, thanks, Raj. And I think you covered it very well. We are pleased to see the sequential improvement in our margins, but recognize we have more to go. I will also add, there is a significant sense of urgency as well. DRIVE is heavily focused on the Express business. And as Raj mentioned, this is going to be a key part of our margin expansion as we go forward here. And we'll look forward to updating you along the way.
Operator: And our next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Afternoon. So in the bridge, the $500 million postal headwind for the year, how much of that is in Q2 and what do you think that should mean for sort of like the quarterly earnings cadence. And I guess ultimately how much of the revenue decline with the post office do you think you can fully offset over the next few quarters? And then if I may, just a separate topic, Raj, can you just talk about like the puts and takes of why you would or wouldn't go ahead with an LTL spin? Thank you.
John Dietrich: So, thanks, Scott. And I'll start with regard to the $500 million. We haven't laid out the spread of where it's going to impact us the most. What we can say is, we've got a pretty good hold on what those costs are. We're going to be aggressively going after them beginning in Q2 and it's going to flow into Q3. And those aggressive mitigation efforts should start to really take hold in Q3 and beyond. And look forward to keeping you posted on that. And, Raj, I'll turn it over to you on the other question.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, Scott, at this point, all I'm going to say is that, the assessment of FedEx Freight and the company's portfolio structure is well underway. We'll do this analysis thoroughly, deliberately, and when we have something to communicate on this, we'll, of course, do so. Thank you, Scott.
John Dietrich: I'm sorry. I guess I didn't touch your revenue question on that part. And as you can see from our outlook, we are looking to year-over-year, improve our revenue. So that's part of our plan as well as we go forward.
Operator: And our next question will come from Chris Wetherbee with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, Thanks. Maybe kind of just a follow up again on the LTL piece, Raj, just want to get a sense, does this include a spin or sale of the assets? Just want to make sure we understand that all opportunities -- potential is on the table. And then, I guess, John, maybe you're thinking about that kind of revenue cadence, I guess. How do you think that sort of plays? I guess that's the piece I'm looking at is the first step in the bridge on the revenue side, how that sort of plays out. Obviously, you have the big dip in revenue relative to USPS starting in 2Q. Just want to get a sense of kind of how to think about that over the course of the year.
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Let me start and then give it to John. Honestly, at this point, I'm not going to say much more on this topic than what I've already said. As I said, we are looking at the FedEx Freight and the company's portfolio structure, and we'll do the analysis, and we'll come back to you when we have something to say.
John Dietrich: And so I'll touch on the cadence. Well, we're not going to give quarterly guidance by segment, but for your modeling purposes, we're anticipating normal seasonal trends to hold steady in FY 2025 Q1. I will note that Q2 will be impacted by a couple of events including the impact of the U.S. Postal Service contract termination as well as Cyber Monday moves from Q3 of last year to Q2 of this year. And we'll look forward to keeping you -- I'm sorry, the other way around, from Q3 to Q2. Q2 to Q3, I'm sorry.
Operator: And our next question will come from Conor Cunningham from Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Just in the context of your revenue assumptions, just curious if you could frame up some of the moving parts, just maybe on when you expect volumes to reflect positive and then just any of the -- this doesn't seem like a macro driven plan, but just any of your assumptions around the macro environment, what you need to see there to kind of see volumes [per cup] (ph). Thank you.
Brie Carere: Sure. Thanks, Conor, it’s Brie. From a macro perspective, we are expecting sort of moderate improvement as we work our way through this fiscal year. As we look at kind of the sub segments of our business from a B2B perspective, we are forecasting the overall B2B market to be around 2% growth. E-commerce will be ahead of that. As you've just seen, you know, e-commerce reset is somewhat done. When we just looked at e-commerce as a percentage of retail and in calendar year Q1, we actually were up 1% year-over-year. So we do like the fundamentals from an e-commerce perspective that will help us here in the United States and around the world. And then from an air cargo perspective, we are looking at the growth in the market around 4%. So, as we work through the year, we do expect there to be modest improvement. We are forecasting that we will have to take some small market share in our profitable target segment. And we feel really good about the plan as we move forward through the year.
Raj Subramaniam: I'll just add 1 more point here just to make sure, we will obviously monitor this demand very, very carefully and we'll make adjustments as needed. I would just point out on our tremendous execution in fiscal year 2024 where we drove significant bottom line growth despite a lack of any revenue growth.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Thank you. Good afternoon. So Raj, a lot to digest here and thanks for all the detail. Maybe just thoughts on the integration of the networks, your early take on how that's proceeding. And I don't know if it's for you or John or Brie, but your $20, $22 range, maybe thoughts on what's the upside-downside within that range from the midpoint? Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you. Let me start, and then John can weigh in on this. Again, I appreciate the question. We are very pleased, firstly, with the execution and transition to One FedEx, which delivers multiple benefits. Firstly, it's more efficient in reducing overlapping costs, but more importantly, it's much more effective. And we are an organization and makes it also easier for our team members to manage their couriers much better. On the Network 2.0, we continue to make significant progress in this regard. In one of the biggest markets, obviously, the one is Canada. And in first half of fiscal year 2025, we'll complete the Canada transition and then we expect to significantly pick up the pace into FY 2026. John?
John Dietrich: Yes. Thanks, Raj and hey, Ken. Look, on the guidance, as always, we continue to take a very thoughtful and methodical approach. And there are a number of factors we've taken into account. And as Brie mentioned, we expect a modest improvement in the demand environment in FY 2025 and supporting our revenue outlook of a low to mid-single-digit percentage increase as we noted. And that will be driven by improving trends at U.S. domestic parcel and international export. And while headwinds remain and we aligned those out in our bridge, we continue to focus on aligning our costs across the enterprise with expected volume and are focused on executing on revenue quality strategy. We're going to be focused on DRIVE. I would direct your attention to the right side of that slide, the $2.2 billion focused on DRIVE and controlling those things within our control, and that's going to be critical for us to deliver on this guidance.
Operator: And our next question will come from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hi, good afternoon. And maybe if I can just follow up from Ken's question there, Raj, on Network 2.0 and the integration, I think investors are pretty excited about this but also concerned that there could be network disruption. I mean, if we've just looked across 20 or 30 years of transportation network integration, it always hasn't gone all that well. We can look no further than TNT. So what are you guys doing from a systems perspective and maybe like a physical network and facility pickup and delivery, linehaul perspective that mitigates some of those risks? And what are the lessons learned thus far?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, I'll start first and then maybe Brie can comment on it. Absolutely, we are making sure that our customer experience actually gets better. And we now have a very rigorous process to DRIVE, the rigor and discipline that they have established on multiple projects that's associated with this is very critical. So we will follow this very carefully and rigorously and make sure that our customer experience gets better as we go through this process.
Brie Carere: The only thing that I would add, Brandon, is when we look at Network 2.0 as we've given ourselves time. From a pace perspective, we have built in the right cadence so that if we do need to pause, we can. We haven't needed to. I think that's really important. The Rigor in the planning and the technology and the tools that Scott, Ray, and John have, have worked. Service is good. And in fact, as I've mentioned previously, this also solves our single pickup feature of service, which has been just a huge opportunity for us as we move forward from small business acquisition. So I feel really good. Service is the strongest in the market at FedEx, at FEC, I guess I have to say moving forward, and I feel really good about the domestic network right now.
Operator: And our next question will come from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good morning – good afternoon. Days going by quickly. Let’s see. I wanted to see if you could give -- I know you talked a little bit about the -- some of the factors in DRIVE. Wanted to see if you could give a little bit more maybe on Europe. I think some of the cost savings you announced, the headcount reductions come a couple of years out, not in fiscal 2025 or they ramp in 2026 and more so in 2027. Can you give just a little more perspective on the changes in Europe and just how important the $600 million improvement in Europe is to the overall DRIVE? Thank you.
John Dietrich: Yes. Thanks, Tom. It's John. Yes, the $600 million is very important to DRIVE, and it's one of our top priorities. As Raj mentioned, we were all just in Europe last week, meeting with the team, leadership, not only there to support them but also to stress the urgency of how important this is. And we're looking at every aspect of our operation in Europe. There will be new leadership as well, and we're going to continue to focus not only on the commercial side but some operational efficiencies, including the network. There's also opportunity now that we're in Network 2.0 full swing of implementation to leverage the expertise that John Smith and his team bring on the U.S. side, which is where we're very strong. We'll work in coordination with our team in Europe, something that's been done in the past but we're really taking it to the next level. So I think all those things are key, and we're serious about the $600 million, and we look forward to updating you on our progress in the other category -- the other main categories.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. And Tom, the point that John just talked about is very important. I think the biggest opportunity that we have in Europe is the intra-Europe theater and that is Ground-based. And we have a significant amount of interaction now between the management teams and between Wouter and Scott Ray, for example, and everyone below that. And also, we have now established KPI dashboards that very much provide real-time visibility on package flows and to improve service and reduce costs. So a lot of work going on here. Very excited about what we can make happen.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. John, you pointed to the right side of the bridge, again, on the $2.2 billion. I think maybe some of the debate is, is that $2.2 billion gross or net? It feels like you're saying it's both. How much of that is truly in your control, kind of independent of everything else going on in the macro environment and even the yield environment? And I guess the other part of that would be, if the non-heroic demand even doesn't play out the way that you've kind of expected it to, are there other kind of variable cost levers to pull? Or is this strictly just more of a structural DRIVE cost initiative for fiscal 2025?
John Dietrich: Sure. Thanks, Jon. Yes, the $2.2 billion is structural in nature, so from our perspective, that is all within our control. And to the extent the macro environment doesn't cooperate, we're going to keep at it. The $2.2 billion includes projects that are in motion now. And as I've said in prior calls, some of our programs are going to overdeliver, some may underdeliver, but the pipeline is constant. So we're going to adapt aggressively not only to the plans that are in place, but also to the change in the demand environment as well.
Raj Subramaniam: And Jon, look no further than what we did in FY 2024.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi, afternoon. A question, sort of the low to mid-single digit revenue growth that you talked about for the year, is there a way to think about the blend between the yield and volume? Is it [2 and 2] (ph), something along those lines? And then just sort of along those lines, I think you gave some color around B2B volumes for demand of up 2% or so. I'm just sort of wondering, with retailers maybe doing more of this just-in-time focus these days, does that sort of play into B2B and fast-cycle logistics companies like FedEx? Thanks.
Brie Carere: Yes. Great question, Jordan. So as we think about this year's revenue plan, you will see it be largely volume-driven, and it will be driven from a deferred and an e-commerce perspective. As we have just mentioned, we do think e-commerce is going to outpace the B2B growth. To your point, from a speed perspective, we are actually seeing the speed conversation elevate in the market, especially with what we would consider sort of your Tier 1 or your household brand. From a competition perspective, we're absolutely increasing that conversation. Actually, there was increased demand from a speed perspective within it. So I hope that gives you a little bit more clarity, but we do see volume moving throughout the year.
Operator: And our next question will come from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. So Brie, maybe just to follow up on the demand environment. Can you tell us what you expect from peak season and how the planning and integration and visibility, I guess, more importantly, is going with the major [indiscernible] prior years, where it's been a little bit harder to get maybe the right information and the right assets in place? And then, John, can you just give us any sense, maybe you want to give formal guidance, but any sense in terms of how the DRIVE $2.2 billion will rollout throughout each quarter this year? Thanks.
Brie Carere: Thanks, Brian. So from a peak season perspective, we had a really phenomenal peak last year. That's going to be hard to top, but if there's a team that can do it, it's John. From a collaboration and insight, we are actually getting further integrated with our largest retailers, so we have even better information than we have ever had. So from my perspective, I think from an asset and an alignment with capacity this peak, I can't control the weather nor can John Smith. He can do a lot of things but he can't control the weather. But I do feel really good going into peak. And in fact, we have taken all of our peak best practices from the United States and we're expanding them around the world. We just had an incredible hot sale in Mexico domestic as an example. So I feel pretty confident about peak season.
Raj Subramaniam: Before John goes, I just want to make sure that on the terms of the volume growth, what we're expecting is low single-digit volume growth for the year.
John Dietrich: Yes. And with respect, Brian, to your question on DRIVE, the $2.2 billion, we are committed to that. And as I said, a number of plans already in place. We talked about the $600 million for Europe. The majority of the savings will come from the surface network and our legacy Express operations as we're looking to optimize our processes, improve efficiencies there. And G&A, IT, and procurement will be key drivers for the savings. I know you asked about the timing of that, but we look forward to keeping you updated as these plans solidify and as the year progresses.
Operator: And our next question will come from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: For the investment community, it's very clear to see the potential benefits of separating the Western truckload business, just looking at multiples and investor favorability there over the last three or four years. What do we miss when looking at the other side of that? What do you lose? What are you thinking about as the offset that when you make that decision over the next six or so months? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Bascome, as I have said before, I'm not going to comment too much more on this. We have already said historically about what value FedEx is part of the network. We'll do the full analysis, and again, like I said, it's going to be very thorough. And when we have something to talk about, we will definitely communicate it.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. Just want to confirm that the headcount reductions in Europe, were they part of DRIVE? I mean, given that you're going to see the benefit of that in FY 2027, just wondering if that was incremental. And also kind of when you think of the actions you're taking right now, how much of that is commercial kind of operating, kind of revenue-driven versus actual cost cutting in Europe? Thank you.
John Dietrich: So it's certainly in line with the DRIVE philosophy and because some of the benefits are going to flow beyond the DRIVE FY 2025 period, but we haven't included it in that number. And it truly is cost takeout. These are non-operational positions and we look forward to keeping you posted.
Operator: And our next question will come from David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hi, guys. Thanks for the time. So Raj, I hate to come back to the same topic again, but when you were with us a few weeks ago here in New York, you were sounding like it was a little bit more of -- you're moving in the direction anyway of more closely integrating some of the Freight stuff with the Tricolor network strategy. So my question for you is really kind of what's changed in the thinking in the last couple of weeks? Like what's the emphasis for the decision to do a review here? And secondly, as you think about what that review will mean, are there any downstream implications for that Tricolor network strategy that we should be thinking about?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, David, thank you for the question. As we've heard from several investors and analysts in this regard and obviously, we take input from our shareholders very, very seriously, and so this is the right time in our natural planning calendar. As far as Tricolor goes, no changes. We're moving on ahead. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, good afternoon. Thank you. Maybe a question for Brie here. You noted you're pleased by the pricing capture that you've been able to achieve as noted in light of the current pricing environment. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the current pricing environment from i.e., competitive standpoint or overall rationality? Thanks.
Brie Carere: Sure. Thanks, Stephanie. So from a market perspective, it absolutely is competitive. That's nothing particularly new in this market. So it's competitive, but it's rational. I think our team has been very disciplined. We have absolutely been able to maintain the yield increases that we captured in CY 2022 and CY 2023 and then built on there. I think it's also really important to note that we're very focused not just on total yield, but getting yield in the right place where we need it. So for example, I think our team is doing the very best in the market at getting peak surcharges. I should have said that when the peak question just came up. The team has done a really good job in getting the increase we need to deliver an amazing peak where we do have to expand capacity. The same goes to rural coverage as well as large packages. So yes, it's competitive, but I think the team is doing a really good job of navigating kind of market share, profit market share growth with getting the right yield for the right package and working really, really closely with the operations. So I'm incredibly pleased.
Operator: And our next question will come from Bruce Chan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Hey, thanks and good afternoon, everyone. Lots of good and interesting stuff happening here. But maybe just switching gears a little bit, we've got some elections coming up. And I'm just curious how big of an issue tariffs have been as part of your customer discussions to date? And maybe more specifically, just given your commentary, Brie, around China e-commerce, you've got a couple of big direct e-comm customers. Can you just maybe remind us of how big they are right now as a percentage of your book and what's maybe the risk to volumes here if there is a change in trade policy?
Brie Carere: Sure, I'll start with the last question and then I'll certainly turn it to the boss to talk about the overall tariff situation. So from an e-commerce perspective, yes, e-commerce is the largest driver of intercontinental out of China. But actually around the world, both domestically and internationally, we are really proud of how diversified our revenue base is. Yes, we have a great relationship with all of the major e-commerce players out of China. But the benefit of those customers is that they're really large. And so we can partner with them to find the right solution, what makes sense for us as well as what makes sense for them. No one carrier can serve their entire needs, and I think we found a very productive and profitable relationship. And again, I do want to emphasize, very diversified base. Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: And on the broader point here, the trade as a percentage of GDP has essentially flatlined since about 2016. So we've been operating in this environment for some time. Now it's important to note that the trade patterns are fundamentally shifting. And the good news for FedEx is our network, we are here, there, and everywhere, and that we get the intelligence from the market at the ground level. That is -- we are referencing them on a global supply chain every single day. And so because of that, we were able to react very quickly, much more, much faster than manufacturing can move. And so, the supply chain pattern changes actually works in our favor in many ways because the only companies that have established networks that connect all these countries can actually do these things. So for example, when a manufacturing moves to Mexico, we have a significant presence in Mexico and the United States. In fact, in our competitive set, we are the only one who can say that with conviction. So while we see the overall trade trends flatten out, there are opportunities as supply chain patterns change. And again, our established networks that we have in place and the digital tools that we now have makes us very compelling.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Raj Subramaniam for any closing remarks.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, operator. Before we wrap, I want to congratulate to Rob Carter once again on his upcoming retirement after more than 30 years of dedication and service to FedEx. I also want to take this opportunity to welcome Sriram Krishnasamy into his expanded role as Chief Digital and Information Officer effective next week. In closing, I'm extremely proud of our FedEx team for a strong end to a year of incredible performance. Margin expansion and operating profit growth for four consecutive quarters despite revenue decline in three of those quarters is a tremendous achievement. I'm excited about the opportunities ahead as we continue to focus on enhancing our profitability and stockholder returns while providing outstanding service for our customers. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-03-21 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the FedEx Fiscal Year 2024 Third Quarter Earnings Call. All participants are in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions [Operator Instructions]. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jeni Hollander, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Jeni Hollander: Good afternoon. And welcome to FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q, and stat book are on our Web site at investors.fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website where the replay and slides will be available for about one year. During our Q&A session, callers will be limited to one question to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Today's presentation also include certain non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and CEO; Brie Carere, Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer; and John Dietrich, Executive Vice President and CFO. Now, I will turn it over to Raj.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Jeni, and welcome to your first earnings call at FedEx. We're happy to have you on board leading the Investor Relations team. Before we discuss the quarter, I would like to congratulate Bob Carter on his upcoming retirement, which we announced last week. He has served as CIO for the last 24 years, leading FedEx in modernizing our IT infrastructure. I'm immensely grateful to Rob for his numerous contributions in establishing FedEx as an innovative, data driven and a people focused company. We thank him for his dedication and service to FedEx over the years and wish him well in his upcoming retirement. Thank you also to the FedEx team for their exceptional work in Q3 by providing superior service for customers and delivering strong results, all while advancing our transformation initiatives. For the third consecutive quarter, we delivered operating income growth and margin expansion in a declining revenue environment. This is a very positive dynamic and a unique one in our industry. It demonstrates clear progress on our transformation and ability to manage what's within our control through DRIVE. We're strengthening our value proposition, improving the customer experience and increasing profitability. This progress supports our long-term goals for sustainable margin expansion, improvements in ROIC and value creation for our stockholders. Now turning to the details. Our transformation is driving continued improvements in adjusted operating income, margins and earnings per share. At the enterprise level, we delivered a 16% improvement in adjusted operating income and adjusted margin expansion of 90 basis points compared to the prior year even as revenue declined 2%. Adjusted operating income growth was driven by continued strength at Ground and improvement at Express. At the segment level, I'm particularly pleased with the results at Ground where adjusted operating income increased 14% on 1% revenue growth and adjusted operating margin improved to over 11% in the quarter. This reflects continued progress controlling expenses and effective yield management, including the ramping benefits from DRIVE. At Freight, the team's continued focus on profitable growth and cost management delivered strong margins and mitigated year-over-year volume challenges. Service levels remain exceptionally high, demonstrating our differentiated execution capabilities. We're also making progress at Express where adjusted operating income increase enabled by our ability to remove structural costs. Looking ahead, we are reaffirming the midpoint of our fiscal '24 adjusted EPS range while narrowing the range to $17.25 to $18.25. In fact, we now expect to deliver adjusted earnings above the midpoint of the range we shared last June despite full year revenue expectations that have deteriorated significantly over the past nine months. This is clear evidence of our ability to execute. Turning to the Express business. It is my top priority to continue to make the changes necessary to align our air network with an evolving demand environment and unlock the full profit opportunity. While we have made progress at Express this quarter, there are several areas we're aggressively working to address in order to accelerate profit improvement; service mix, network utilization, continued inflation and other cost headwinds. First with respect to service mix. We're seeing a clear international market shift towards deferred services. This is tied in part to the rapid growth of many of our e-commerce customers where we are a critical enabler of global trade offering unique solutions for our customers. More on how we are addressing this mix shift shortly. Second, weakness in global trade continues to constrain demand in our international business, which has remained challenged for longer than expected. As such, we're continuing to proactively realign our air network to match capacity to demand. And third, this quarter express experienced over $200 million of inflationary pressure on a year-over-year basis. We offset this with benefits from DRIVE, as well as responsible headcount management. The dynamics I just outlined create significant opportunities for us to improve our network utilization. Last quarter, we introduced our Tricolor strategy. Ultimately, this network design will enable us to improve the efficiency and asset utilization of the entire FedEx system; put the right product in the right network, taking advantage of our continental surface networks in Europe and our market leading FedEx Freight LTL network in the United States; and profitably penetrate new market segments at the right cost structure, including the premium airfreight market. As we move forward, we are managing the execution of Tricolor with the rigor and discipline of DRIVE and this will be a key element to our success. Moving to another area of opportunity. In Europe, we continue to improve our service levels and focus on commercial execution. However, the B2B environment remains challenged. And in this context, we are making progress on DRIVE on track to generate $600 million of savings in fiscal year 2025 and seeking further profit optimization opportunities. As we have mentioned in previous calls, we are also experiencing a continued headwind for the United States Postal Service, which has reduced volume. Despite this volume and revenue draw down, our service obligations to the USPS remain fixed. Express and across the business, DRIVE remains a key enabler of improved profitability both in the near and the long term as we change the way we work and identify areas for structural cost reduction. In Q3, we delivered $550 million of benefits from DRIVE, offsetting the impact of revenue declines and cost pressures. I'm encouraged by the progress across all three categories. This includes $290 million in our surface network, $110 million of savings in air network and international operations, and $150 million of G&A. Given the progress we have made year-to-date, we will deliver on our goal of $1.8 billion in permanent cost reduction benefits from DRIVE this fiscal year and are highly confident on the additional $2.2 billion in fiscal year '25. The work we are doing with DRIVE is also helping advance planning for Network 2.0. This quarter, we rolled out our new surface operations leadership structure. Under this new structure, leaders and their teams will be responsible for all Express and Ground package operations and facilities in their respective divisions, regions and districts. This for enhance operational execution and offer greater insights into the package business overall with accountability at all levels. More broadly, we have now implemented Network 2.0 in over 50 locations with dozens more to follow in calendar 2024, all while maintaining outstanding service. And as a reminder, we will begin the rollout of Canada in April and expect to complete this transition by October of 2024. And as part of our transformation, we are on track to complete the consolidation of FedEx operating companies into one streamlined and simplified organization, creating efficiencies as we build a stronger, more profitable enterprise. In June 2024, FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and FedEx Services, will consolidate into Federal Express Corporation. The work we're doing to create a more flexible, efficient and intelligent network is translating into direct improvements in our customer offering and profitability. When severe weather hits, it can cause a domino effect of delays and reduced service levels across our network. While we have always used data and analytics to assess the effect of weather events, our new weather contingency playbook developed by our planning, engineering and Dataworks teams enhances the process by leveraging predictive capabilities to proactively divert storm bound volumes across our networks. By combining the power of digital insights and predictive analytics with our physical network, we effectively mitigated the impact of the January winter storm that hit our Express hub in Memphis by shifting Memphis bound Express volume to ground our freight at the origin location. Despite this year's event having a longer impact to Memphis operations when compared to the weather event in February 2023, our network recovery was twice as fast. This quarter, we also announced a significant initiative, FDX, the fully integrated data driven commerce platform that connects the entire customer journey from demand to returns. It will provide real time visibility to help our customers optimize and grow their business, leveraging our analytical capabilities and data from the 15 million packages we deliver every day. I'm excited to have Shriram Krishnasamy serving as Chief Digital and Information Officer effective July 1st. His proven track record of driving optimization and innovation for our business through data and insights, combined with his deep knowledge of the network, will be critical to moving FedEx forward as we become a data driven digital first company. As I look across the business and these financial results, there are clear signs of progress on our transformation. Our strategy is generating results and we are well placed to maintain our leadership position while delivering improving financial outcomes. Together, we remain focused and committed to our long term goals, supporting the creation of significant long term value for our stockholders. With that, let me turn the call over to Brie.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. First, I want to thank our FedEx team for strong performance during the peak season. As a result of their hard work and commitment, we once again delivered the best service offering in the industry. We continue to execute on our commercial priorities with a focus on revenue quality, while maintaining our industry leading service. As a result, we took profitable share in the quarter at market rates and we continued to retain the vast majority of the volume we gained from UPS in the second half of 2023. Our unmatched value proposition has enabled recent high value wins in the semiconductor, healthcare and aerospace industries. We will continue to execute our commercial strategy to compete and grow further in the high margin areas of the market. Looking now by geography. In the United States conditions have been weaker than we anticipated and internationally, we continue to see softness. We, however, remain very focused on strong commercial execution. Taking a look at third quarter revenue performance by segment. At FedEx Ground, revenue was up about 1% year-over-year on a modest yield improvement and flat volumes. Our team remains disciplined on growing with the right customers and mix, while offering the best value proposition in the industry. At FedEx Freight, revenue declined 3%. While volume decreased compared to last year, the year-over-year decline moderated on a sequential basis. Revenue was also negatively affected by lower fuel surcharges and a decrease in weight per shipment, although the decline was partially offset by higher base yields. And at FedEx Express, revenue was down 2% year-over-year, driven by continued volume softness, lower fuel and demand surcharges and a mix shift towards deferred and e-commerce products. The actions Raj outlined will allow us to profitably grow this business, while continuing to deliver excellent service for our customers. Turning to our monthly volume trends during the quarter. Broadly speaking, volumes are stabilizing as we lap weaker demand from a year ago. International export increased 4% in the quarter, driven by a 29% growth in international economy, which of course is a market reset we expected. Freight shipments declined but they continued to moderate sequentially. As Raj mentioned, postal volumes were a headwind in the quarter. Our current contract with the United States Postal Service expires on September 29th. We have made significant progress in negotiations for a new contract that aligns with our ongoing network transformation plan, while providing the USPS with the operational reliability and outstanding service we have delivered for them for more than two decades. A new multiyear agreement would provide a more efficient network with service to fewer markets. It would allow us to better adjust our overall network to demand. We of course will let you know when we have an update. We continue to operate in a competitive but rational market environment. During the quarter, yield trends were similar to what we saw last quarter with dynamics remaining mixed across the segment. At FedEx Express, yields remained pressured due to a tapering of international export demand surcharges and an increasing mix of lower yielding e-commerce and deferred products. Yield was also pressured by increased capacity in the market. At FedEx Ground, yield increased 1%, driven by home delivery, partially offset by Ground economy. Higher weight per package and favorable customer segment mix offset a lower fuel surcharge relative to the prior year. And at FedEx Freight, revenue per shipment was down 1%, driven by lower fuel surcharges and lower weights. In January, we rolled out a 5.9% GRI and importantly, we've been able to capture a high percentage of that rate increase. During peak, our holiday peak residential surcharges enabled us to respectively offset higher costs, delivering $120 million in profit. We are very confident we have the right strategy in place balancing both volume and yield growth. We are building our network of the future with digital and data driven solutions that simplify the customer experience and further strengthen our best-in-class customer offerings. For example, earlier this month, we enhanced our healthcare offering with more powerful capabilities to prioritize critical life savings healthcare shipments above other volume within the network. Healthcare customers now have the ability to select monitoring and intervention service options. They cover categories, such as temperature requirements and vaccines and they do this at the package level. Each Express shipment now includes specific healthcare identifiers so that if we need to intervene, we are able to do it with more speed and more precision. And of course, in January, we announced the FDX commerce platform. FDX connects the entire customer journey by offering end-to-end e-commerce solutions, making it easier for companies to grow demand, increase conversion, optimize fulfillment and streamline their returns. The FDX platform will enable us to enhance our longstanding relationship with merchants of all sizes to help them optimize and grow their business. We have opened a private preview for select brands and retailers and based on their feedback, I am incredibly excited about the official launch later this year. In closing, I'm very proud of our entire global team and how they continue to deliver outstanding service as we navigate a very dynamic market. And with that, I'll turn it over to John to cover our financials in more detail.
John Dietrich: Thanks, Brie. Our third quarter results reflect ongoing progress on our DRIVE initiatives, as well as our continued focus on service and revenue quality. As a result of these efforts, we delivered operating income growth and margin expansion for the third quarter in a row despite declining revenue in a challenging market environment. Taking a closer look at our performance in the quarter on a year-over-year basis and at the enterprise level, adjusted operating income increased by $192 million and adjusted operating margin expanded by 90 basis points. At Express, adjusted operating income increased by $134 million and adjusted operating margin expanded 130 basis points. The benefits of DRIVE initiatives and an additional operating date more than offset lower revenue. At Ground, the team delivered another quarter of strong results. Adjusted operating income increased by $120 million and adjusted operating margin expanded by 140 basis points due to cost reductions and yield improvement. Despite slightly lower volumes and in an inflationary environment, ground cost per package was flat year-over-year with lower line haul expenses and improved dock productivity offsetting higher first and last mile costs. And at Freight, while operating margin remained strong operating income declined by $46 million and operating margin declined by 170 basis points, driven by lower fuel surcharges, reduced weight per shipment and lower shipments. These results also reflect the lapping of a $30 million facility gain last year, partially offset by the benefit of an additional operating day during the quarter. Looking at the quarter overall, weather had an immaterial year-over-year effect on profitability. Before turning to the outlook, I'd like to spend a few moments updating you on our cost reduction initiatives, including DRIVE and more specifically G&A. As an initial matter and as part of responsible headcount management, we have reduced our workforce by nearly 22,000 over the last year and expect additional opportunities in the future as we move forward with our transformation. Within G&A, we continue to make significant changes to how we approach areas like procurement and technology, so that we are a more efficient digitally led organization. In addition, global functional alignment provides savings opportunities. I'm pleased that we have achieved $350 million of G&A savings year-to-date, including $150 million in the third quarter. Taking a closer look at sourcing and procurement, we've continued to evolve the sourcing and procurement function from a segregated and regional structure to a centralized global organization that will manage most third party spend across the entire enterprise. With new leaders in place, we're developing new category strategies and have already identified about 20 discrete categories that will manage centrally in cooperation with functional leaders. By implementing these new strategies at the enterprise level, we'll have tighter spend oversight, we'll better leverage our scale and buying power and generate significant cost savings. Overall, I'm very pleased with our enterprise wide drive progress this quarter and we will deliver $1.8 billion in savings for the full fiscal year. Now turning to our fiscal year outlook, and as Raj shared earlier, based on our performance year-to-date and our current view of the rest of the year, we are reaffirming the midpoint of our adjusted EPS range, while narrowing our outlook from the prior range of $17 to $18.50 to $17.25 to $18.25. At the midpoint of the narrowed range, we continue to assume a low single digit percentage decline in revenue for the full year. As always, we'll closely monitor the global demand environment and other key factors, including inventory restocking, global trade, inflation and e-commerce trends, which informs our view of overall expected revenue. With regard to our fourth quarter expectations, as implied by our outlook range, we expect year-over-year profit improvement despite lapping the onset of certain structural benefits executed in last year's fourth quarter at Express and Ground. Looking on a sequential basis, the leap day in the third quarter affects our typical seasonality. At the segment level, we're maintaining our full year expectations for a modest year-over-year adjusted margin contraction at Express, adjusted margin improvement at Ground and strong but lower year-over-year margin at Freight. At Express, we're looking at every aspect of the business, including taking a fresh look at additional opportunities to improve our European business. And we're confident in our ability to unlock more value at Express and across all our businesses as we continue to seek optimization opportunities. Our bridge shows the operating profit elements embedded in our full year outlook. For illustrative purposes, we continue to use adjusted operating profit of $6.3 billion, the equivalent to $17.75 of adjusted EPS as the midpoint of our narrowed outlook range. To walk the bridge to $6.3 billion of adjusted operating profit, we're now assuming that revenue net of cost increases is up $200 million, that we experience $800 million of international export yield pressure as peak surcharges diminish and product mix continues shifting toward deferred, variable compensation increases by $300 million and that these pressures are more than offset by $1.8 billion in structural cost savings from DRIVE. At the midpoint, we would expect fiscal 2024 adjusted operating income to increase approximately 17% despite revenue declining by a low single digit percentage. As I've discussed on prior calls, we remain focused on reducing our capital intensity and continuing to provide increased stockholder returns, as well as maintaining a strong balance sheet, prudent capital allocation and improving return on invested capital. Our capital investment priorities will be on improving efficiency, modernizing facilities and optimizing our network. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $1.4 billion, bringing year-to-date CapEx to $4 billion. And we now anticipate capital spend of $5.4 billion for the full year, which is down over $700 million from last year and down $300 million from our prior forecast of $5.7 billion. We also continue to expect aircraft related CapEx to decline to approximately $1 billion in fiscal year '26. And we expect CapEx as a percentage of revenue will keep declining in the future as we reduce our facilities’ footprint through Network 2.0 and continue to plan for lower annual aircraft CapEx beyond fiscal year '26. We currently have 37 jet aircraft parked, which is up from 20 last quarter. And as previously communicated, we will retire nine more MD-11s in Q4. Consistent with our goal of increasing stockholder returns, we completed a $1 billion accelerated share repurchase transaction in the third quarter, bringing our total share repurchases for the first nine months of the fiscal year to $2 billion. And we expect to repurchase an additional $500 million of common stock in the fourth quarter, bringing total fiscal year '24 repurchases to $2.5 billion while also paying our dividend in line with our previously stated capital return plan. I'm also pleased to announce that our Board of Directors has authorized a new $5 billion share repurchase program, which augments the $600 million that remains available for repurchase under the $5 billion 2021 authorization. This reinforces our commitment to support long term stockholder returns. Overall, I want to acknowledge and thank the entire team for their efforts in continuing to improve profitability in a challenging revenue environment. We have more work to do but I'm encouraged by the commitment and focus I've seen from our teams to advance our transformation and provide our customers and stockholders with even greater value. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: Thanks for the update on DRIVE. If I did the math right, I think there's about $385 million or so left for the final quarter of this fiscal year. Can you maybe talk to where you think this money or the savings, which buckets are going to go to surface, air, G&A? And I'm also just sort of curious on the surface side, how much of that is actually tied to Express surface stuff?
John Dietrich: And I'm not going to speak specifically to the number you raised with regard to the remainder of the year on DRIVE except to say that we are committed to the $1.8 billion for the fiscal year. And I think it's safe to assume that's spread across all of our operating companies. And with regard to your question on surface, it's predominantly Ground. But as we continue to migrate towards Network 2.0 and through our DRIVE initiatives, there's a lot of complementary work that's being done together by the teams. So those savings are being realized both at Express and Ground.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Wadewitz with UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: I wanted to ask you a bit about the trajectory of the margin on Express, the February quarter was quite a bit better than expected. And I'm just wondering, how do we think about that as you go into fiscal '25? I think two specific items you did mention, one, the $600 million improvement in Europe that I think would go to Express and just kind of visibility on that? And also how we should think about postal where you had some comments. And I think that's been characterized as a $400 million headwind. So is it reasonable to say that that $400 million you kind of add back to the numbers? So anyway, just some broader comments on Express and some of the bigger items.
John Dietrich: We're quite pleased with the progress we've made at Express and the margin expansion. As Raj mentioned, this is all of our primary focus to continue that expansion and we're excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for us in DRIVE. With regard to Europe, that will be a key focus area of ours and we are committed to the $600 million that you mentioned. And the Postal Service, certainly, as we're negotiating towards the deal, if that deal were to materialize, you would expect that it's mutually beneficial for both sides. So we're looking forward to bringing that to closure as soon as possible. And all of that will contribute to our ability to continue to expand our margins at our largest sector at Express.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Chappell with Evercore.
Jonathan Chappell: Brie, you’ve mentioned a competitive but rational market environment as it relates to pricing and yields. We are several quarters into the demand downturn here. And of course, there's been some competitive issues directly in your business. As we look forward, if we continue to kind of bounce along this bottom on demand internationally, but I think more specifically to the United States. Does the pricing environment start to waver at all a bit? Do you really need a macro tailwind before we can see maybe a stabilization or reacceleration of yield?
Brie Carere: I think from a competitive environment perspective, yes, it is competitive, but I don't think that's particularly different in our industry. We're very used to a competitive environment and the market does feel quite rational to me. When we look at the yield, focus for the team, I'm actually pleased with the discipline of both the sales and the pricing organization. If you remove the fuel headwind across each one of our segments, Express, Ground and FedEx Freight, we have kind of low single digit yield improvement on the base. So I think the team is continuing to execute on our revenue quality strategy. And from a momentum perspective, we do have some headwinds this year that will diminish next year, especially in the international market. If you think about calendar year '23 from an air freight perspective, the overall air freight market yields decreased between 30% and 40%, that is not going to repeat next year. And then, of course, from an international demand surcharge, it will continue to be a headwind in FY25 but less of a headwind than this fiscal year.
Operator: The next question comes from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors: So in June, you'll complete the legal consolidation of Express, Ground and Service as part of the One FedEx effort. Can you give us a look at how that will change, how you manage the business starting in July, how it will change how you report your financials and operating stats and operating stats? And can you give us some assurance that we'll get a deep history of comparable financial and operating data, help track your progress as you get further into the operational side of the integration in 2025, '26 and '27?
Raj Subramaniam: Bascome, let me start, and then John can add on to this. First of all, we are well on track to complete our consolidation of FedEx operating companies. This has been -- a lot of great work has already been done and into one streamlined and simplified organization. I think two words kind of describe this move, one is efficiency, the other one is effectiveness. I think we are looking forward to the structure that actually moves us forward on both fronts. And I think at the end of the day, this transformation efforts will set us up to drive improved performance and profitability over the long term. I'll give it to John to talk about the rest of it.
John Dietrich: And from a reporting standpoint, and we'll be providing more details regarding the new reporting structure as we go forward. But I think it's fair to say that we'll continue to break out both Ground and Express yield and volume by service as we currently do and frankly, continue to provide sufficient data for you all to monitor the performance in those business segments.
Operator: The next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon: So Raj, in your prepared remarks, you talked about the Tricolor strategy and going after the premium air freight market. Could you talk a little bit more about what that is? I guess, I'd always been of the assumption that you guys led the premium part of the airfreight market and how does this realignment actually open up some revenue that maybe you don't have access to today?
Raj Subramaniam: I think I'm going to take a minute here to talk about Tricolor, because I think it's a good opportunity. So bear with me for the time I'm going to take here. Firstly, Tricolor is a fundamental redesign of our network to improve the utilization of assets, our ROIC, profitability and our operating margin. And first and foremost, our overall capacity will be determined by the demand environment and Tricolor will allow us to better flex our capacity to mass demand. Now within that capacities when we'll break it into three networks, purple, orange in white, we call it, and that cater to the different cohorts of traffic. The idea is to move the right product and the right network while reducing the cost to serve. The purple network will be a highly optimized and a leaner network designed to move international priority parcel volume that protects our value proposition in different geographies. Now this network now becomes much more parcel centric, will have significantly better service but also density, and that density will improve the revenue proposition and revenue per flight. Now turning to the orange network, that will cater to the premium freight traffic. And these are FedEx planes that will operate off cycle from the purple system, which allows two things. Firstly, it allows us the ability, once again, to maximize density and asset utilization. It also de-congest hubs and improve service. But most importantly, it allows a truck fly truck model that reduces the cost to serve. And in this context, it should be noted that we are fully leveraging the existing capacity in our trucking networks in the US and Europe. Prior to fiscal '24, we haven't really moved any international freight shipments in our market leading LTL network with FXF. And now it's already begun to change, but in Tricolor it will take for hold here. So by doing so, we reduced the cost to serve and we are able to target more of the premium air freight segment. Now I'm going to call it a new term, think of it as the global LTL segment, that's what this is about. Now as you rightly asked, are we adding capacity to go up a low yield and profit, answer is no. We are going to get the overall capacity by the premium demand. It should also be noted that 20% of the global air freight shipments approximately drive about 80% of the weight, which is a primary target for freight forwarders. We're going to focus on the other 80% that will readily work with the model I described. So the white network then is primarily use of passenger billing capacity to move lower yielding e-commerce and deferred track. So these three networks working in concert with high technological orchestration is what we call Tricolor. Let me just reinforce again that it helps the baseline productivity, it improves our existing asset utilization and makes the entire system more efficient. And we're going to manage the execution of Tricolor with the rigor of drive and to ensure success. So again, thanks for the question.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Ossenbeck with J.P. Morgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: Just wanted to come back and maybe better understand the moving pieces for Express during the quarter. Obviously, quite a strong result but there's often times some impact from fuel, incentive compensation, I think, there’s a bit of a tailwind here as that changed a little bit as well. So maybe -- and then weather, that was a pretty significant surprise considering it was as difficult as you mentioned, Raj, but it seems like it really didn't affect the network. So maybe, John, if you can unpack some of the moving pieces? And then Raj, if you can comment on the durability of the network if weather is just isn't going to be as big of an impact going forward?
John Dietrich: I'll start with that last point, because I think it's worth repeating on the weather piece, which ties into some of our digital strategies and our ability to adapt, to allow for what was substantially poor weather here in Memphis to be rerouted in a manner that had an immaterial impact on us. So as you'd expect, there was a lot of moving parts at Express, both positive and negative and the levers of DRIVE, the focus on flight reductions. For example, we had 5% fewer flight hours in the quarter. And there are some additional benefits that flow from that on your cost side, because when you're not flying airplanes, you're able to avoid certain maintenance costs. The air ops team is doing an exceptional job of managing its cost for aircraft undergrounded, whether you're using what's called green time on engines that are available, limiting your inventory purchases and so forth. So it's really across the gamut where we're seeing improvement there, all in the midst of some revenue headwinds that Raj and Brie talked about. So we're going to continue to keep our head down and focused on our costs. One of the things I'd like to say this is a journey, not a destination and we still have a long way to go at Express, and it is our primary focus and look forward to keeping you posted on further improvements.
Raj Subramaniam: And Brian, I don't think I have much to add to what John has talked about. I think the idea that we use our latest and greatest in digital tools and the notion that we are now able to look at FedEx as a overarching network and able to move things helps us. Of course, we’ve got to -- you've got to see as the weather patterns that are very impossible to predict, but I'm just pleased with the work that we did this time around, and we'll continue to get better in this regard.
Operator: The next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you for the detail on DRIVE. Jeni, welcome. Look forward to working with you. Real quick, the puck doesn't stay in one place, it's always moving around, and I think you're alluding to this with what you're doing with DRIVE and Tricolor. But I'm just kind of curious from your perspective. We announced this plan about what year and half ago back at the analyst meeting almost two years ago. How has the network design and some of the DRIVE goals when you're completed with this changed since you began this process?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, I think we introduced Tricolor in the last conference call and I think this design is just being put in place as we're speaking here. And so in terms of the DRIVE commitments, we had originally talked about $4 billion by FY25 and less than 50% in FY24, where we will hit those numbers, right, for FY24 and on track for FY25. And again, the other part of it, of course, is Network 2.0, which we said $2 billion by FY27, and that's underway. So with the focus on making sure that we have structural cost reductions, we have network redesigns with the whole FedEx portfolio in play. And the idea that we are moving forward on our digital tools, all three are working. And I think we've got work to do but we made some good progress. John is going to add more as just said.
John Dietrich: I think what I would add to that as well is, to your comment about kind of changing environment, the teams meet weekly on this. And there are some programs that are delivering more than we expected and there are some programs that are delivering less than we expected, but we're always looking to fill the pipeline as well on additional opportunities. And that's an ongoing project and that speaks to DRIVE being part of our culture going forward, that's not going to stop. And we're going to adapt to a changing environment and I think that will help us as we move forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: So Raj -- and I guess I love the results in terms of the speed here at Express, but I'm confused a bit by the messaging. Last quarter, you talked about seasonal declines at Express and what occurred from Express going down to -- which should be maybe near breakeven given the seasonal moves, yet it was up so significantly 130 basis points year-over-year. Was there a massive shift in the DRIVE or other programs or your speed of execution? Because it sounds like from what you're saying on the targets, nothing has really changed. But I'm just wondering what shifted intra-quarter so much that we're now seeing this quick of an improvement? And then just a side clarification. Did you say Canada was about to be rolled out, because I thought you had already said that with Hawaiian Alaska, Canada was done. So maybe I wanted to clarify that.
John Dietrich: I'll start with the last one. It's about to be rolled out. It has not been completed and Brie can talk more about that in a minute. But Q3, as I mentioned earlier, was a combination of things. We saw, while the revenue was soft, we're focused on quality revenue, the cost controls were solid and strong and there were some other levers that were alluded to earlier. As you can see, variable comp, for example, is down. So that was a contributor. But all these things taken together resulted in us and our focus on improving our results for Q3.
Brie Carere: And Ken, I'm just happy to clarify, from a Network 2.0 perspective, the Canada plan has not changed. Alaska and Hawaii are done and we are beginning the rollout of the integration in Canada that will begin this April, and we will be done before peak and it's on track.
Operator: The next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Maybe if we can follow-up there on Network 2.0. Raj, I think you mentioned you've made some management changes on both Ground and Express surface operations in the US. Can you talk maybe a little bit more about that and how that plays into long term integration?
Raj Subramaniam: I think first of all, Network 2.0 is on track. Let me just take a step back here. You'll recall that we said we plan to deliver $2 billion in savings by the end of fiscal '27, and we are taking that measured and deliberate approach. And as we just rolled out our new leadership structure in the United States, and it's obviously a much more streamlined structure and much more effective structure and essentially with the goal of putting one truck and one neighborhood design into action. We are encouraged by the early results we're seeing in the initial rollout as well so far Network 2.0 model on the whole [teed] approximately 10% reduction in P&D costs and maintained very strong service levels. As we become more tech enabled in this regard, we'll deliver even greater improvements. And as we have already talked about, we are focused on implementation of Canada before peak. And I'm also happy to say that I'm very excited about Network 2.0 from a service perspective because it will drive a better customer pickup experience. So we are on our way, on track and again, some ways to go.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: So John, this year is $1.8 billion of DRIVE savings and you've talked about $900 million of offset. So about $900 million of actual profit. As we think about fiscal '25, do you think the actual profit improvement should be closer to the $2.2 billion of DRIVE savings, or do you think there's another year of material offsets to that DRIVE in fiscal '25? And then just separately, just -- no one's asked about Ground yet and it's by far the biggest part of the business. So if I can just ask one on the margins 12% this year. Do you think there's further margin improvement to go at Ground?
John Dietrich: And let me start by saying on that $2.2 billion, that's certainly our goal to have that all flow through. But we have to be realistic and understand that a lot of the pressures that we're seeing today are expected to continue for a while. And while we're going to continue to focus on those things within our control, there are certain things outside of our control. And so our goal is to have as much pass through to the bottom line as possible and we look forward to keeping you up to speed on that, including when we next talk in June. With regard to Ground, exceptional story, exceptional performance from the team. I believe those margins are sustainable. And there's still a number of projects in the pipeline that allow us to continue to grow and expand that business and those margins. So again, that's going to be our focus as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Helane Becker with TD Cowen.
Helane Becker: I have, I guess, two questions. One is, as part of the whole redesign of the network and the business and collapsing everything into one. Have you thought about shifting to a calendar year rather than staying on a May fiscal year? And my second question is maybe for Raj. A lot of investors push back to me about the business that the way you're structuring the business, and I noticed the stock aftermarket was up quite a lot after the earnings release. Why do you think investors are so skeptical of your business plan and aren't willing to give you the credit that maybe you deserve for the changes you've made as speedily as you've made them?
John Dietrich: I'll start on the first part on the calendar year. As you'd expect with everything going on, there's legal and accounting exercises that need to take place to get us through this next period, including June 1 date of One FedEx. But I can share, it's certainly on my radar to migrate towards that and we'll keep you posted on developments towards that.
Raj Subramaniam: And Helane, as part to your second question, all I can say is that we, as a team, are very much convinced that we have a unique story at FedEx here. At the opportunities that we have won in the industry is one thing, but within the industry, we have a unique opportunity because of the strategies that we have deployed. We started moving early than anybody else. We are performing better than our competition, both on the top and the bottom line. And we have a longer runway because of the opportunities we have identified. And so we will try to educate as many people as we possibly can on our strategy and where we are. But we are just seeing the early stages of what's possible at FedEx. Any one particular quarter sometimes kind of throw you off but the long term strategy is sound and we all believe in it, and it's going to be a good run in the next three, four years.
Operator: The next question is from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: Apologies if I missed this, but regarding the USPS contract, kind of when do you expect that reach fruition? Is that something that happened in FY24 or '25? Can you also share how much of the volume has come off already and kind of how much would you dimension kind of that net with the new contract ends up being?
Brie Carere: From a USPS contract, I really can't say more than I already said earlier. In short, we are feeling very positive about the negotiations, both parties are working eagerly, we're at the table. I think we are days or weeks away from knowing if we will have a contract, not months. And as we have shared previously, their current contract ends on September 29th. So we will know very, very soon. And I'm certainly not at liberty to talk about the details of a future contract.
Operator: The next question is from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies.
Stephanie Moore: I appreciate the incremental color on Network 2.0. And I was hoping you could maybe provide a little bit of color in terms of some of the investments that have to be made in order to execute on the integration, particularly as you enter or you be in the execution in a much larger market like Canada. Any color in terms of maybe lessons learned from your Alaska and Hawaii integration and then what investments we should expect to see as you implemented in Canada?
John Dietrich: Yes, certainly, there's going to be some investment required when you're consolidating facilities, particularly sort facilities but there's also upside in that you're able to reduce your facilities footprint along the way. So that will involve certainly some planning and processes, analysis and all that. But we're excited actually about the end game here and that is our overall footprint will far -- the benefits of that will far exceed the investment and contribute to a really efficient network.
Brie Carere: And honestly, from lessons learned, I think the team feels really good about their execution to date, to Raj's point, we have seen kind of the P&D benefits that we anticipated as well as we've seen the team be able to execute from a service perspective. I will say we are being very disciplined, we're being very methodical and we are giving customers the advanced notice as we go into market. That was one piece of feedback for customers. Even though we anticipate being able to deliver the same level of service with the combined organization as we are as the individual, they do want that notification. And so we, of course, are giving customers that advanced notification. And to Raj's point, on the positive, I cannot under-emphasize how important that single pickup is to our small customer segment. This has been the only feature gap we had to UPS in that segment and we are about to close it. So I'm pretty excited about that.
Operator: The next question is from Bruce Chan with Stifel.
Bruce Chan: I don't know if you've really talked about it, but we've been hearing that you've had some pretty material service improvements, especially at Ground over the last, call it, a year or so and that's despite the cost savings push. Can you maybe just talk about that a little bit, where are the service levels today, what are the levers that you're pulling? And then what kind of opportunity do you have to drive core pricing as a result of that?
Brie Carere: John Smith and Scott Ray are crushing it. When we went back and looked at our Q4 the toughest quarter to -- I should say, Q4 calendar year, the toughest quarter to deliver awesome service, not only are we faster, I am quite confident, we -- on those higher standards, from a delivery service perspective, we also had better reliability. How are they doing this? It's discipline. It's day in and day out execution. We look at our service metrics every single morning. We talk about Net Promoter Score every week at our Revenue Management Committee. And to Raj's coverage, on the integrated leadership team now with the service organization, we absolutely expect to extend that across the entire network, and I just could not be more appreciative of our operators and how well they're doing.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, I wanted Brie to answer that question because she holds their feet to the fire every single day. So I'm glad that you heard that answer directly from Brie.
Operator: The next question is from Conor Cunningham with Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: I was hoping you could talk about the opportunity you see just with the e-commerce return business. You've obviously been a big player there. But there's been a lot of changes in the network. Is that now a larger focus? The reason why I asked, and obviously, there's been a press report about you reengaging with Amazon. Just any thoughts there would be helpful.
Brie Carere: I think we've got the best returns portfolio in the market. When you look at our retail coverage as well as our transportation solution, it is best-in-class. And when we looked at our January numbers, the FedEx Ground returns portfolio did see some healthy growth. You layer that on with the new announcement of our FDX platform, we are going to be the only provider that has not only the physical capabilities but a very comprehensive digital capability. And what do I mean by that? We are going to be able to help all retailers, brands and merchants process their returns on their Web site, manage their exchanges, manage the inventory, integrate their branded tracking and communications to customers. It's a really powerful offering. As I mentioned earlier, we started to preview this with some customers. We've got some pretty big names in what we're calling our private preview. And I look forward to sharing more results once we do the full launch later in the fall. I think I'll stop there. I'm enthusiastic about this…
Raj Subramaniam: I'll just say this much, when we integrated of these customers, even I can program and there's no cohort environment I can set up the returns policy. So if I can do that, anyone can do it.
Operator: The next question is from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: It's basically two questions, one is a follow-up to Bruce’s. Brie, I was hoping if you could kind of give an overview of peak season, kind of takeaways learnings. And then I think we have five less calendar days for the 2024 calendar peak. So just things that you're going to learn and manage ahead of time as it's a much more condensed season? And then the second question is for any of you, but just in Ground cost per package, it was down 2% in the fiscal second quarter. And you cited improved first and last mile productivity, flat here in this quarter and offset was higher first and last mile cost. Just curious if there's anything we should read into there.
Brie Carere: I think from a peak perspective, we're really pleased with how we're managing peak from a service, from a customer and from a profitability perspective. First and foremost, the team starts literally now for this coming peak. And what do I mean by that? We are already talking to customers about what their peak requirements are for next year. And so that John and Scott have advanced planning. And then, of course, as we get closer to peak, we take the top 100 customers and we are managing forecast on a weekly basis. I think some of the integrated planning that we are doing with Dataworks is also incredibly helpful so that we have real time information. We're not waiting for spreadsheets should be passed over, but we've actually got real time visibility into some of our largest customers, which has been incredibly helpful. So I don't anticipate us doing much different this year but more of the same. And again, I also was really pleased with the peak surcharge capture. We are ensuring that the customers that really drive the investment we need in December we're getting recruited for that cost. So we feel good.
John Dietrich: And I'll speak to the Ground piece. And I think one of the drivers of the margin expansion and cost control at Ground was lower line haul expense that I alluded to. And we moved a lot of high cost and ad hoc external line-haul spend into our scheduled network. And as a result, achieved lower rates on the planned line haul purchase transportation. And this is all part of a broader optimization and ongoing optimization that's taking place in the network through DRIVE and through Network 2.0. And so every aspect and even those first and last mile will be part of that. And we're also leveraging the capacity that we have. And we do have some additional capacity in the ground network that can absorb additional volumes at no incremental cost. So that should help improve margins as well.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Raj Subramaniam for any closing remarks.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, operator. In closing, we saw continued operating income growth, margin expansion despite lower revenue for the third consecutive quarter, and this is clear evidence that DRIVE is working. While these results are encouraging, it is our top priority to maintain momentum and continue to transform our network and the way we work. Once again, let me thank our FedEx team members for their hard work and dedication to delivering outstanding customer service. I'm really proud of the work that we have accomplished as we continue to build the world's most flexible, efficient and intelligent network. Thank you for your time and attention today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-12-19 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FedEx Fiscal Year 2024 Second Quarter Earnings Call. All participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Stephen Hughes, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Stephen Hughes: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. The second quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q, and Stat Book are on our website at investors.fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website, where the replay and slides will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our Q&A session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are: Raj Subramaniam, President and CEO; Brie Carere, Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer; and John Dietrich, Executive Vice President and CFO. I'll now turn it over to Raj, who will share his views on the quarter.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me begin by thanking the FedEx team for their commitment to delivering yet another strong holiday season. This peak, FedEx has the best service offerings in the industry. This includes the most expansive global network and the fastest US ground service with the broadest weekend residential coverage. Strong service and speed are also come in with a more aggressive peak transit compared to this time last year, with the ground time and transit in the US at 1.94 days. I'm incredibly proud of the team's ability to sustain superior service levels while we continue to transform our global network. Our second quarter performance reflects clear signs of progress in our transformation in what remains a difficult demand environment. We are moving with speed and agility to deliver on DRIVE, which is supporting improved profitability and enabling us to maintain our earnings outlook for the year, even as our revenue expectations have moderated further. As you can see in our results, in Slide 6, our transformation is driving improved profitability. At the enterprise level, we delivered a 17% improvement in adjusted operating income, and adjusted margin improvement of 110 basis points compared to the prior year even as the total revenue declined 3%. These results reflect benefits from DRIVE, a continued focus on revenue quality, and meaningful differentiation across our products and services as we build the world's smartest logistics network. Our focused execution enabled us to retain a majority of the high-quality volume we won over the summer from UPS and as a result of the Yellow shutdown. In the segment level, Ground continued to deliver outstanding results with adjusting operating income up 57%, and adjusted margin expansion of 370 basis points. This was driven in part by revenue growth due to higher yield and volume combined with solid operational performance. Freight delivered strong performance as well, driving double-digit profit improvement, and margin expansion of over 270 basis points compared to the prior year. Express total revenue declined due to both volume and yield pressures. These headwinds more than offset continued benefits from DRIVE and led to a margin decline compared to the prior year. There's more work to do at Express, where we are structurally re-designing our network for speed and density. We continue to make progress at Express to unlock the value that exists across this business. Turning to Slide 7. DRIVE continues to fundamentally change the way we work. The impact of DRIVE is clear, as our lower cost structure enables improved profitability. Just look at the powerful chart on the left-hand side of this slide. If you look across market cycles over the last 15 years, we have now delivered two consecutive quarters of operating income growth against declining revenues. When you step back and review how our business has performed in environments with suppressed demand, we are delivering much better profitability today than we have historically. In the quarter, we reduced costs by approximately $200 million in our Surface Network, including our US Express operations. This was driven by shifting to a single daily courier dispatch, applying dock productivity initiatives, consolidating underutilized sorts, and maximizing the use of rail. Across our Air Network and International operations, our DRIVE initiatives are helping offset pressures with about $115 million in total cost reductions in Q2, primarily driven by structural flight takedowns. And in G&A, we're making significant changes to how we approach procurement and functional excellence. In the second quarter, we realized over $100 million in savings driven by reducing the use of temporary labor, leveraging the scale of the Enterprise to negotiate favorable surface transportation rates, optimizing certain benefit programs, and lowering headcount. Given our progress, we are highly confident that we'll deliver on our goal of $1.8 billion in cost reduction benefits from DRIVE this fiscal year. Turning to Slide 8. Despite progress on DRIVE, profitability at FedEx Express was pressured by an ongoing volume mix-shift and related yield headwinds. Our ability to drive margin improvement in the near term has been constrained by transitory factors including the year-over-year decline in the US Postal Service volume, combined with minimum required service obligations associated with our current USPS contract. And also, the timing of the structural redesign of our Air Network. Historically, our unmatched global Air Network was primarily built on a hub-and-spoke system to support speed and global connectivity. With the rapid growth of e-commerce and as volume mix continues to shift to deferred, we recognize the need to reconfigure our network to focus on both speed and density. This fundamental network redesign, which we call Tricolor design, is momentus in our history, and includes several key elements. First, we will deploy what we call our Purple Tail fleet, which is our FedEx-owned assets timed for delivering high-priority high-margin volumes using the existing hub-and-spoke model. This is our Purple Network, which will be the backbone of our International Priority parcel business. Second, we will re-time a portion of our Purple Tail flights for what we call our Orange Network which will operate off-cycle. This change will give us time to build density, decongest our hubs during the precious night short, and feed into our Surface Networks, including our International Road Network, as well as FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight in the US. This provides us a differentiated capability to drive profitable, less capital-intensive growth in the sizable global deferred parcel and airfreight markets. And third, we will continue to leverage our Global Partner Network as an adaptive capacity layer, particularly on imbalanced trade lanes. This is our White Network. These changes will improve the utilization of our assets, increase margins, and enhance ROIC. The Air Network redesign is a critical piece of our DRIVE execution at Express and will support the realization of our targeted $4 billion of total DRIVE savings in fiscal year 2025. We are approaching this network transformation in a deliberately measured manner to ensure we continue to provide our customers with the best service levels in the industry. Simultaneously, as you know, we are executing Network 2.0. Taken together, these efforts will improve our ability to protect profitability and returns through various market environments. Big picture, we are making clear progress on our transformation and DRIVE is having a real impact. Additionally, our team is advancing efforts to combine the strength of our physical transportation network with our digital and data-driven solutions. We are leveraging our world-class engineering skill base to deliver cost-effective cutting-edge capabilities globally. Earlier this month, we opened our first Advanced Capability Community or ACC in Hyderabad, India, which will serve as a hub for our technological and digital innovation. I'm truly excited about the opening of the ACC and the vast opportunity to use digital to run our business better, enhance our customer experience, and generate new profitable revenue streams. Overall, I'm confident we have the right strategy and the right team in place to create significant stockholder value. In these last few months and weeks, our team's dedication to the Purple Promise has been tremendous and I would like to express my sincere thanks to our colleagues. This performance has put FedEx in good position as we enter the final structural peak and deliver the best service offerings in the industry. With that, let me turn the call over to Brie.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. Revenue quality and industry-leading service remained top priorities for us in the quarter. Our ability to retain the majority of the business we won from both UPS and Yellow is a testament to the team's hard work and our value proposition, which is the best service offering in the industry. And as a result, we are gaining parcel share here in the United States and around the world. Looking at the US, market conditions remained soft, with Q2 demand lower than we anticipated. The industry has now experienced 10 consecutive quarters of decline in US domestic average daily volume. Additionally, International market pressure continued. Despite this pressure, our Europe and EMEA teams did a great job of growing parcel volume. Let's now look at each segment. At FedEx Ground, second quarter revenue was up 3% year-over-year, driven by higher yield and volume. We remained focused on growing our business with the right customer and service mix to improve profitability and maintain our position as the price leader in every domestic market segment. At FedEx Freight, new customers that came over as a result of the Yellow shutdown, are enjoying a better value proposition, and we have retained a majority of this volume. Freight results showcase our disciplined focus on revenue quality as we gained share amid the industry disruptions. The market was down and revenue declined 4% as lower shipments offset an increase in yield. But on a sequential basis, our revenue decline moderated significantly as the volume pressure lessened and revenue per shipment impacted positively. Revenue at FedEx Express was down 6% year-over-year, driven by market contraction and lower fuel and demand surcharges. Global freight pounds were down 18% year-over-year, driven by lower Postal Service volume as well as the weakness in industrial production. Despite these headwinds, we are encouraged by the progress in areas we can control. For example, the improvement in European service levels enabled profitable share gains. With less than one week to Christmas, our focus remains on delivering outstanding service. Our networks are running extremely well and we are receiving very positive customer feedback this peak. We are delivering this excellent service while creating new value for customers and driving customer acquisition. This holiday season, we estimate over 365 million packages will be delivered with a picture showing proof of delivery, PPOD as we call it. It's a great new feature that has helped us win new customers. PPOD and other digital tools such as estimated delivery time window and FedEx Delivery Manager, provide customers with peace of mind when it comes to holiday shipments. Overall, this year's peak season has been relatively similar to last year and it's in line with our expectations. But looking ahead, we're ready to support our customers for post-holiday returns. Our robust returns portfolio is well-positioned to handle the returns that inevitably follow peak. Our portfolio includes both a pre-labeled and a no-label, no-box solution that creates convenient, seamless experiences for retailers and for consumers. Now, taking a step back to look at monthly volumes during the quarter. Importantly, as I mentioned earlier, we gained parcel share in both the United States and in International markets. This is a clear indication of our winning value proposition in a contracting market. Volumes have continued to improve sequentially with Ground and International export volumes maintaining last quarter's trend of growth on a year-over-year basis. Turning to Slide 14. Overall, the market is competitive but rational, and we are committed to delivering on our revenue quality strategy. During the quarter, yield trends improved slightly, but the dynamics were mixed across the segments. At FedEx Ground, yield increased 1% driven by Home Delivery and Commercial Ground, offset by Ground Economy. Higher weight per package and favorable customer segment mix, offset a lower fuel surcharge, relative to the prior year. At FedEx Freight, revenue per shipment increased 1%, with base rates strong despite lower fuel surcharges and weights. At FedEx Express, yield was pressured due to lower fuel and demand surcharges. Shifts towards e-commerce and the reopening of our International Economy Service in EMEA also pressured yield. We continue to focus on our revenue quality strategy. Earlier this month, we raised US Express and Ground fuel surcharges by 1%, and international Express fuel surcharges by 1.5%. Looking ahead, we expect a high capture rate from our 5.9% general rate increase. We will reset our delivery area surcharges consistent with our usual practice. As we've shared previously, we are also resetting our approach to dimensional pricing for International shipments. This is moving from a shipment to a per piece dimensional pricing, which is the global market practice. We are confident in our strategy and we are balancing both volume and yield growth. Moving now to Slide 15. Raj mentioned our focus on digital and efforts to identify new revenue streams. I am particularly excited about our new Tracking API that we will launch in early 2024. Our Tracking API is for both e-commerce shippers and platforms, providing them with best-in-class visibility for their customers, including a picture proof of delivery. This new for-a-fee offering is a significant enhancement for our retail customers as well as for those third-party e-commerce platforms that rely on our data as an integral part of their value proposition. This is just one example of how we're thinking about our digital capabilities to better serve our customers and generate profitable incremental revenue for FedEx. In closing, I want to thank our entire global team for how they are executing around the world to deliver an absolutely positively outstanding peak season. And with that, I'll turn it over to John to discuss the financials.
John Dietrich: Thanks, Brie. I'll start on Slide 17. Despite a revenue decline, the FedEx team delivered improved profitability with strong adjusted operating margin growth, driven by a continued focus on revenue quality and execution of the Company's DRIVE initiatives. Taking a closer look at our segment performance in the quarter, starting with Ground, the team continues to deliver strong results. Adjusted operating income increased 57% due to yield improvement, cost reductions, and higher volumes. Cost per package declined 2% driven by lower line-haul expense, and improved first and last-mile productivity. At Freight, operating income increased 11% during the quarter, driven by higher yields and increased efficiency, partially offset by lower shipments. The team continues to focus on improving profitability while navigating this lower demand environment. And at Express, profitability was pressured as impacts of softening demand on revenue were only partially offset by structural and volume-related cost improvements. Adjusted operating income at Express declined 49% during the quarter on a 6% decline in revenue. As Raj mentioned, we have more work to do at Express and I'm confident that the structural redesign of our network and other DRIVE initiatives once complete, will make us more resilient in future periods of demand weakness. Now turning to our fiscal year outlook. Based on our performance year-to-date and our current view of the rest of the year, we are reaffirming our outlook for adjusted EPS in the range of $17 to $18.50. At this midpoint of the range, we're now assuming a low single-digit percentage decline in revenue. This is lower than our previous assumption of flat revenue growth. The reaffirmation of our earnings outlook despite the weaker demand environment, reflects the continued benefits of our transformation. We'll continue to closely monitor the global demand environment and other key factors, including inventory restocking, inflation, and e-commerce trends, which informs our view of overall expected performance. With regard to our third quarter expectations, as we've shared previously, we anticipate our typical seasonality, which implies a lighter quarter sequentially for earnings. We're also facing a higher comp at Ground given our exceptionally strong operating income performance during the third quarter of last year. At the enterprise level, we continue to expect year-over-year adjusted margin expansion in FY 2024. At the segment level, we continue to expect adjusted margin improvement in FY 2024 at Ground. We also continue to expect Freight margin to remain strong in FY 2024, but lower than FY 2023, given volume reductions and yield pressure. And we now anticipate a modest year-over-year adjusted margin contraction at Express. Turning to Slide 19, and consistent with previous quarters, we're providing a bridge to share how we're thinking about operating profit considerations embedded in our full year outlook. For illustrative purposes, we continue to use adjusted operating profit of $6.3 billion equivalent to the adjusted EPS midpoint of $17.75. As a reminder, and while our revenue performance will vary based on market trends, we are committed to delivering the $1.8 billion in structural cost savings from our DRIVE initiatives. Importantly, while this bridge remains the same as what we showed you in the first quarter, the composition of the second bar showing revenue net of cost increases, has changed significantly. We now forecast materially lower revenue but expect to achieve the same net profit impact of $500 million at the midpoint, as we proactively manage volume-related expenses and revenue quality in this difficult demand environment. Now moving to Slide 20. We remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, prudent capital allocation, improved return on invested capital, all while providing increased shareholder returns. Our liquidity position remains strong, ending the quarter with $6.7 billion in cash. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $1.3 billion, bringing year-to-date CapEx to $2.6 billion. And we continue to expect to achieve our target of less than 6.5% CapEx-to-revenue for the year. As we've previously stated, our capital expenditures will decline as we continue to reduce capital intensity, by reducing facility and other capacity investment, and continue to plan for lower annual aircraft CapEx. We still anticipate aircraft-related CapEx to decline to approximately $1 billion in fiscal year 2026. Consistent with our capital return priority, we completed another $500 million accelerated share repurchase transaction in the quarter. This brings our total share repurchases for the first six months of the fiscal year to $1 billion and $2.5 billion over the last 18 months. Looking ahead, we expect to repurchase an additional $1 billion in common stock this fiscal year, while also paying our dividend in line with our previously stated capital return plan. Before we turn to Q&A, I just wanted to comment, that now that I'm nearly five months into my new role as CFO, I'm even more excited about our strategy, relentless focus on execution, and the opportunity ahead to create long-term value for all our stakeholders. I want to thank all our team members for their continued efforts and focus on our common goals. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good afternoon. So, I guess, John or Raj, maybe just sticking with Express to start. Margins were down year-on-year. I get volumes were down and you have negative leverage. But just to be at 1.7%, we're seeing higher purchase trends, higher employee expense. I guess, what does it really take, maybe just walk us through, one, why margins are stubbornly so low. And then, two, you're talking about a new plan in terms of the Orange, Purple, and White plan. Are we talking about structurally changing Express in pulling additional costs out, parking more planes, pulling employees out? What does it take to get the structural margin out of this low bar? And I get you're still in the middle of your range, so I get the earnings outlook. I'm just trying to understand just the constraint on Express and the ability to get the margins up there over time.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Thank you, Ken. Let me start and then John can add as he wishes here then. So, this has been a particularly difficult year for Express. Several headwinds this year, and many of them are transitory, but we're dealing with this as we speak. So, firstly, the demand surcharges out of Asia are significantly lower year-over-year. We've also seen the product mix-shift from -- shift from priority to economy traffic. And then, our fuel surcharges also have been lower. Finally, as part of the strategy from USPS, they have shifted more volume from air to ground, and so that's been also a headwind for FedEx this year. On top of all this, we have seen now the market demand weaken primarily because of slowdown of industrial production across the world, which has impacted our International Express Freight business as well. So, this is the background we are dealing with. I would say, that despite this, the team has done a really good job on execution on DRIVE, and flexing down variable cost to the tune of $1.5 billion in year-over-year expense reduction year-to-date. Clearly, Express is an opportunity for us as we look ahead. The redesign that I just talked about is very profound and what we call Tricolor, because recognizing the fact that we now have a significant mixture of Freight traffic, as well as deferred traffic, to change a portion of the existing flight schedule to a different clock, so to speak, allowing ability to drive more, ability to fill up the traffic and improve density, and again, most importantly, allowing us to feed into not only our International Road Network, but also into our FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight Network for the first time. And so this is a significant change, probably one of the biggest changes we've seen in decades. I think that's got the opportunity here to improve our asset utilization, improve density, improve return on invested capital in a significant manner. So, I just want to also just use this opportunity to say, at the enterprise level, we are -- we have improved our operating profit 17% and 110 basis points in operating margins despite a 3% revenue decline. Let me turn it over to John to see if what he wants to add.
John Dietrich: Yes. Thanks, Raj. I echo everything you said. I think the only thing I would add is that, our cost structure, Ken, anticipated a little higher demand than what we saw, so we will be laser-focused on bringing out as much of that cost as possible as we go forward.
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Wetherbee with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks, good afternoon. Maybe sticking on the back of that answer, John. I guess as you think about the sequential performance in Express from 1Q to 2Q, I don't think we've seen nearly since maybe fiscal 2011, a deterioration in operating profit, revenue was up sequentially, so I guess, was it just a mix that was moving around, or maybe miss judging what you thought the demand environment was going to look like? And then, as we think about the back half of the year in Express, you're facing particularly easier comps, both on a revenue and a profit basis, so I know margin is down for the full year, but can you can get margin and profit up in the back half of the fiscal year in Express?
John Dietrich: So, as you pointed out, there's a whole host of factors that went into the Express performance, and as Raj mentioned, we see that there will be continuing opportunities at Express. The cost in terms of the relationship with the demand will definitely be a primary focus of mine, and as we go forward, I know Brie and the team are really focused on revenue quality. And we're confident we're going to be able to manage that outcome and look forward to keeping you posted as we go forward.
Operator: The next question will come from Helane Becker with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, everybody. I appreciate the time. One of the things that you talked about more on the last call than you did on this, although Brie, you did mention that you saw a shift in Postal Service business to Ground from Air, and I know the contract is up in at the end of the current government fiscal year. So, how are you thinking about incorporating the rest of the business into the network versus renewing the contract or maybe it doesn't make sense to renew the contract going forward?
Brie Carere: Good afternoon. Great question. So, from a USPS perspective, yes, this was a significant headwind this quarter as it was last quarter. From a negotiation perspective, we are having very collaborative negotiations with the Post Office, but I think we've also been very clear that it will take quite a significant change in contractual terms and agreement to renew that contract. We continue to value the partnership. We're both at the table. And of course, we are honoring our service commitments. And with the current volume levels, that is a headwind this fiscal year. So, we're still negotiating. As soon as we have a renewed contract or a decision, we'll let all of you know. I am optimistic one way or the other we will improve the profit situation at Express regardless of our relationship with the Post Office.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. So, if I look, Ground yields were up about 1% in the quarter. Ground volumes in November now are flat. So going forward, is this still an environment where Ground margins should be improving year-over-year? I get the comps are harder, so less improvement, but you think you still see improvement in the back half of the year in Ground margin improvement? And then John, you talked about just seasonality lower in Q3. Maybe just some directional color on how much lower, and then what that means for Q4 and all that. Thank you.
John Dietrich: Sure, Scott. Thank you. Yes. Looking at Ground, we're really excited about the results we're seeing at Ground, and through DRIVE and all our other initiatives, we are focused on maintaining those margins. I think we have tremendous flexibility to continue to leverage the surface modes, including rail, and Raj touched on some of those other things. In talking with the team, we also have some additional opportunities to leverage our LTL network as well. So, we certainly are looking favorably on the ground at margins going forward. With respect to Q3, and while I'm not going to give quarterly guidance, historically, it has been our lowest profitable quarter and we expect seasonal trends to continue, but a lighter third quarter and more moderate margin improvement in Q3.
Operator: The next question will come from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for taking my question. So, Raj or John, maybe can you guys comment on your non-fuel expenses at Express? Because I've seen them at about $8.9 billion now for the last three quarters and I think what has gotten investors really excited around DRIVE is the idea that structural cost reductions are coming. So, can you talk about that $1.8 billion that you wanted to achieve this year, how much you've already seen at Express? And is there more to come sequentially on that cost structure? And for that Tricolor fleet initiative that you've talked about, Raj, is that a signal that you're just reallocating capacity or should we be thinking that's a structural reduction in air capacity going forward?
Raj Subramaniam: Let me start on the latter question and I'll have John hit the former. We'll size the overall capacity to what the demand looks like and we're very -- we are very prudent in that. In fact, we've taken out a lot of flight hours in the last 12 months accordingly. So, the one part of it is sizing the capacity to demand. But within that capacity, now there is a fundamental restructuring that allows us to really improve our service on our core IP business, improve density across all our networks, and then essentially bring to a lower cost point and access some of our Ground networks that are really unparalleled. So, that's the idea with Tricolor. And so, let me turn it over to John for the other part.
John Dietrich: Sure. Thanks, Raj. So, the majority of our adjusted operating expense decline in the first half was the result of lower volume-related expenses as we've continued to align our costs across the enterprise with reduced volumes. In addition, as you pointed out, we're making strong progress on our DRIVE and we are on track to achieve the $1.8 billion in structural savings in fiscal year 2024 that we talked about. It's fairly evenly spread throughout the year, with slightly more heavily weighted in the second half as some of these initiatives take hold. In Q2, Raj touched on some of the points in his presentation, of structural cost reductions, included approximately $115 million in the Air and International permanent savings category, $200 million in Surface savings and over $100 million in G&A. So, we're on track for that $1.8 billion as well.
Operator: The next question will come from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Okay. Great. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to go back to the Air Network redesign commentary for a moment. Just to be clear, was that contemplated within your initial DRIVE program? And then I guess, were there costs associated with that in the second quarter? And if so, could you break that out? And then finally, as you sort of think about when you're going to start seeing a benefit from this network redesign, is that something we could see show up in the second half of this fiscal year or is that more of an FY 2025 event? Thank you.
John Dietrich: Thanks, Jack. It's John. So, yes, Tricolor was factored into our outlook. It's something we've been looking at for quite a while. It's very well-developed. We're looking forward to implementation. And it is factored into our full year outlook. From a cost standpoint, we're leveraging, as Raj said, the assets that we have. There may be some incidental facilities costs that we incur, but nothing that I would describe in the material category.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good afternoon. I wanted to see if you could offer some -- a little bit of help on the -- what the yields look like ex-fuel, so perhaps Ground and domestic Express. What did those revenue per piece numbers look like, ex-fuel? And then some thoughts on what the pricing environment is doing. I mean I think there's certainly been some kind of evidence out there that UPS is competing to get business back and you are competing as well. And so, I'm just wondering if you are seeing some of that and that's a point of pressure as well just in terms of getting a bit less price than you had expected?
Brie Carere: Hi, Tom. Thank you for your question. Its Brie. I think the most important thing is that the market is quite rational. Yes, the yields have reset since the height of the pandemic, but I think everybody in this room fully anticipated that. As we mentioned, we continue to get a higher yield per package per segment in the US domestic market than our primary competitor, and we're very proud of that. We've been able to maintain that yield leadership and take market share. So, yes, it's a competitive market, but it's overall very rational and we feel really good about the team's performance. From an overall demand or performance in the quarter, we're actually quite pleased where yield was in totality. As Raj talked about, we do have some pressures from a mix perspective but that was more of an Express story. We feel really good about Ground and actually when you double-click and we look at the market share we gained, we actually took more share in the B2B segment. So, from a mix perspective, that's helping.
Operator: The next question will come from David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good afternoon. So, Raj, I want to kind of come back to the struggles at the Express segment here, obviously, popping around between the sort of 2% and 4% on the margin side. If you think about this in a three-year view, obviously, we have a lot of plans that are in place to pull cost out and we've got a lot of initiatives to work on this. At what point do you say, like, we haven't gotten to where we want to go and we need to think about something else deeper or more structural around the business? I'm just trying to like address some investor concerns that I've certainly been hearing about. Is the margin profile here fixable? And if it's not, then what -- what's going to happen next?
Raj Subramaniam: So, we are very confident in the future potential for Express. I think if you look at the -- I mean, you got to take a step back and look at the vagaries of the global supply chain over the last few years. And we have -- the pandemic was one of those biggest supply chain bullwhip effects we have seen in the last 30 or 40 years and we are in the aftermath of that. We have seen now multiple quarters of the market being down. So, here we are in a situation where we are growing faster than the market and yet the overall demand environment is weak for our sector. So, the structural changes that we are putting into the Express network are real and they are actually designed to improve our profitability and return on invested capital. I'm very confident that the margins in Express will return and the structural cost takeout that's continuing to take place, it will serve us very well, and especially as the demand profile returns, it's going to be an -- it's going be very good opportunity for FedEx in the future.
Operator: The next question will come from Conor Cunningham with Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Just quickly, does the pilot contract -- does the lack of pilot contract, I don't know what you can do it just in terms of pulling out Express costs? And then on Network 2.0, I think in the past, you've talked about how you're testing that in certain markets, just curious on how those markets have performed relative to the expectations. Thank you.
John Dietrich: So, I'll touch on the pilot piece, if I understood your question. Look, part -- most of what we're doing here is to increase the utilization of our assets and leverage the Purple network. So, the pilot contract allows for flex up and flex down, but where we are now is looking to take full advantage of the assets that we have. So, there, we'll work within the agreement constraints. But we have a fair amount of flexibility to execute Tricolor and our other initiatives here. I'm sorry, I'm not sure I caught the full part of the second part of your question. On Network 2.0, if that's your question. I think this fits in quite well. There is no constraints. We're talking about on the pilot side on Network 2.0. In fact, it's complementary from my perspective.
Operator: Your next question will come from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Looking at Purple today, just how much of that volume that's going on a Purple Tails today that could go on White, as an example? And if there is any context that you can provide in terms of the relative cost savings there? Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Hey, Allison, we didn't hear the first part of your questions. Could you please repeat it?
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Sure. Just trying to understand in terms of the volume impact from Tricolor, how much that's going on, say, a Purple Tail today that could eventually go on White, and sort of what the cost impact would be to FedEx by doing that.
Raj Subramaniam: So -- and just to answer that question, well, I think one of the things that you'll remember is that, we've -- a lot of the growth that's happening in the International space is in -- is happening in the deferred space, in the Air freight space and also e-commerce. So, whether -- as a future market evolves, this is the right design for us to be able to serve each part of the market with the right network in place. Now, how much, where it's going to fit in, that's yet to be determined as the market evolves. But again, what we are designing for is the right network for the right kind of traffic so we have an opportunity to be able to grow profitably in the International space.
Operator: Your next question will come from Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, operator. Hi, everybody. I guess, I just want to come back to I think Chris Wetherbee's question, and talk about -- I mean, typically, John, we see Express profits go down, I don't know, about 50% sequentially from 2Q to 3Q. Obviously, 2Q is not what we wanted it to be, but any sense of seasonality, normal seasonality, or are we -- is it that type of magnitude relative to where we are in the second quarter? And then just related to that, I'm having a little bit of a hard time or really a lot of hard time understanding, sequentially, revenue was up in Express, packages were up, composite yield was up, DRIVE savings were up, but then profits were down. So, maybe you can dumb it down for me, but I really don't understand why profit would be down sequentially when all those pieces of mix and revenue were up sequentially. Thank you.
John Dietrich: So, I'll start with the discussion on Q3 or not going to be giving Q3 guidance. But as I said, I think it's reasonable to expect that typical seasonality will apply, I will say for Q3 in particular, due to FedEx Ground's very strong performance in last year's third quarter. With Ground operating margin inflecting positive by 240 basis points versus the prior year, we'll have a more difficult comparison. But I think it's fair to say, seasonality will play a role. Now with regard to the Express margins and the profits, we're going to continue to be laser-focused on that. As I said, our cost structure did not anticipate the higher demand. You cannot underestimate the impacts of all the things that Raj and Brie talked about. If you look to the year-over-year decline in the US Postal Service volume, combined with some of the minimum service requirements that are required, that really has a drag on your cost. And what I will say too is, we're really well-positioned when volumes return in light of all the initiatives we're taking right now.
Operator: The next question will come from Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. John, just keeping with that, you mentioned a few times now that the costs were kind of above and beyond what you'd expect -- what you would normally have for this type of demand environment and you're laser-focused on it. Are those costs that I would imagine variable that you would look to pull out pretty quickly over the course of the next couple of months, especially with the seasonal slowdown in Express? Or do you have to kind of manage keeping some of those costs on, as you noted, for when volumes come back? Just trying to think again about the pace of the margin improvement potential at Express, can it happen very quickly or do you kind of have to keep a little bit more cost on just in case the demand comes back sooner than expected?
John Dietrich: Great. Thank you. That's really a great question. And, I think the answer is yes to all of that, right. And what I would throw in as well is, maintaining our high standards of service that Brie talked about. We're factoring in all those factors, the ability to take on additional volumes when it returns, coupled with maintaining the highest quality service that Brie talked about, but also with a sense of urgency to be focused on that which we can take out as quickly as possible, without prejudicing those two very important factors.
Operator: Your next question will come from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Thanks for taking our questions. It sounds like the deferred day network underutilization there with your core customer has been a bigger problem than when he has realized the bottom-line of Express. Can you talk a little bit about if we get to a point where you do end up walking away or significantly downsizing that customer into next year? What are your options for consolidating that network, either with some of your Ground opportunities or the night network? Are there options for the day network going away sizeably by subtraction trend into next year and the year beyond? Thank you.
Brie Carere: Yes. It's a fair question. One of the things that we have been pretty candid about is that we are planning actively for both scenarios, that we are working in completely good faith to maintain this relationship and improve the profitability and deliver the service that USPS would like and we think quite frankly that FedEx is uniquely positioned to deliver. And parallel, through our DRIVE initiatives, we already are working our plan if that is not the case so that we can continue to grow Express margin and deliver on our DRIVE commitments, as we have previously stated.
Operator: The next question will come from Brian Ossenbeck with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Thanks. Good afternoon. So, as mentioned a few times that fuel was a headwind for yields, surcharges were coming down. Can you maybe give some context around that? Did that have the timing effect? So, did that have any negative impact on operating income? And certainly, what do you think for the rest of this year? And then, Brie, maybe you can talk a little bit about, in Freight with the auction that went on a couple weeks ago. There is another one going on right now. You've closed a few facilities. Do you still think that market stays disciplined now that some of the capacity has changed stance? Thank you.
Brie Carere: Yes. Great question. And we'll start with the second one first. We are seeing, yes, a very disciplined freight market and I will say, I think we're leading in disciplined freight. If you look at the volume that we took during the summer, we really like what we got. We actually were quite surprised that we found some really high-yielding customers and those customers have been very vocal about the great service that FedEx Freight is delivering, and so market is rational, we're delivering a great service. Lance and the team have just done an outstanding job. And so, we continue to be very optimistic about the margin profile in the future of FedEx Freight. I have to admit I forgot the first half of the question.
Brie Carere: Thank you. So, yes, fuel was a headwind, obviously, at the top-line and the bottom-line in the quarter. Moving forward, we do anticipate that fuel overall will be a headwind for the year.
Operator: The next question will come from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes, hi. I just had a question more on the macro. Is it your expectation that there is not going to be any macro improvement for the balance of this fiscal year or maybe even for all of calendar 2024? I mean, there has been a lot of destocking, online sales weren't too bad, and some would say, consumer spend might be pretty good next year. So, just sort of curious, your thoughts or color on the macro expectations that you've thought through in terms of your numbers. Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Thank you, Jordan. I think on the macro, we have been pretty consistent over the last few quarters about some of the -- two or three things. One is that the industrial production around the world continues to be weak, and again, that's reflected in our Express Freight numbers and even in our domestic Express numbers. Even though we are growing faster than the market, we -- these are headwinds to the industry -- for the industry volume. On consumer spending, I think the mix between goods and services, I think now that's nearly back to the pre-pandemic levels. As far as inventory is concerned, we believe that the inventory destocking phase is over. And but the restocking phase is yet to begin in earnest. So, we -- for the rest of the fiscal year, we have assumed -- we are not assuming any kind of improvement in these trends. Obviously, if that changes, that will be a positive. And we are definitely -- and we've said this over and over again over the last few quarters, we are have focused on the things that we can control and that's why we are so focused on the execution of DRIVE and again, I'll just reiterate that I am so proud of the team for delivering a meaningful bottom-line improvement despite the challenges in the top-line.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much for taking the question. It's, Brie, probably for you. Could you address, as you took a good amount of share over the summer from UPS, and its situation? What are you seeing competitively out there now that we're in peak season as far as, it was asked a little earlier on pricing, but how are you holding up as far as maintaining your customers, if you could address this on large, and on small and mid-size? And it's a go-forward question as well, going into the next year and how you think you'll hold up there? Thanks.
Brie Carere: Okay, Scott. Let me try to unpack that. I think, first of all, from a peak perspective, our peak volumes are very much in line with what we anticipated for the month of December. And from a structural pricing perspective in peak, as you know, peak surcharges are a significant contribution to the month of December and we are very pleased. They continue to be something that we are enforcing and customers really understand that. They are there to cover the incremental costs from our largest peaking customers. So, from a peak perspective, we feel really good. As I mentioned, there is no question I get asked more around here, is that, are we holding on to all of the share that we took from UPS? And the answer I can give you is confidently, yes. We gave you last quarter, the 400,000 average daily packages. That's a slightly conservative number. We are tracking all accounts that won -- we won, specifically because of their concerns on the labor negotiations. The vast majority of those had an early termination clause. And to my knowledge, we have not lost a single one of those accounts. Now, of course, we do trade accounts with UPS and we have accounted for the trades between the two of us over the last quarter. And we're still up more than 400,000 average daily packages in the United States. In addition, we looked at their Q3 numbers, we've gained share. And also, I think it's important to note, we gained share here in the United States, but globally, we outperformed the market. So, it's a confident yes, and we have the better value proposition. I believe we have the better commercial team. I'm confident we'll hold on.
Operator: The next question will come from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi, thank you. I appreciate the question. Maybe touching on the prior one, talking about the demand environment. Well, first, I'm kind of curious what you are seeing on the International side of your business and just the reports of tighter air cargo markets from kind of the lower-cost e-commerce exports out of Asia, if that's had any impact as of late on your business? And then, more of a broader view, what's your view on when you think the slowing environment might finally turn the corner here, just based on what you're seeing today? Thanks.
Brie Carere: Sure. Great question. I think, as Raj mentioned, of course, we're tracking all of the same economic indicators that all of you are tracking. And when you look at some of those indicators, you do start to see some optimism. What we're doing is, we're planning conservatively. Right now, we believe that there will we will see FedEx sequential improvement throughout the back0 half, but the overall market demand will not change within our fiscal year. When we've seen the momentum, I talked about a couple of places where we've got momentum, specifically on parcel, that -- the vast majority of that is two things, it's e-commerce and its market share gains. When we look at the largest indicator of industrial production and what we're seeing, we're not seeing a lot of restocking in our numbers yet. It doesn't mean that it won't come, but we're not seeing it yet. One of the greatest indicators of that is, actually, if you look at our Freight business outside of the United States, weights are not where they need to be. Shipment volume was decent, but it's really the weight that we're looking at and weight per shipment is still down dramatically as you can see in the numbers. So, we're planning conservatively. We're focused very much on what we can control. And of course, we'll keep you updated as things move on.
Operator: The next question will come from Bruce Chan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Great. Thanks for the time. Just maybe I want to get a follow-up on Network 2.0. If you could give us an update on where you are with the market network integration? I imagine it was a little bit slower during peak season, but what's been completed at this point, and what markets are next? And then maybe just a follow-up for John here, in terms of the model, where should we think about where the impact of those changes occur with regard to the up guidance?
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Bruce, let me take the first part and then I'll turn it over to John. As we have -- we are on track to our Network 2.0 for in implementation, as we've told you by fiscal year 2027. We have announced and/or implemented optimization changes in Alaska, Hawaii, Canada, as well as several locations in the lower 48, and we have learned a lot in this process. And in January, we'll announce the next wave of rollout once we get past the peak season. So, overall, we are on track. We're learning a lot in this process here. We're building the right technology solutions and the facilities required to move forward. And I'm quite pleased with the progress.
John Dietrich: Yes. And Raj, what I would just add to that is that our expectations as a result of all of that planning is factored into our guidance.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Raj Subramaniam for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Raj Subramaniam: So, thank you very much. And in closing, we are showing clear progress on our transformation, delivering an unprecedented two consecutive quarters of operating income growth and margin expansion even with lower revenue. At the same time, we are providing our customers with outstanding service and speed through the peak and beyond. I'm very confident in our path ahead as we become a more flexible, efficient, and intelligent Company. Let me take this opportunity to once again thank the FedEx team members for delivering just a simply an outstanding peak. I was the best peak season I can remember in some time to come. And we also take this opportunity to wish everyone on this call and all our FedEx team members a very, very happy holiday season. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-09-20 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the FedEx Fiscal Year 2024 First Quarter Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon and welcome to FedEx Corporation's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. The first quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website, where the replay and slides will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance may be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and CEO; Brie Carere, Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer; and John Dietrich, Executive Vice President and CFO. Before I turn the call over to Raj, I wanted to let everyone know that I'm retiring from FedEx at the end of October. It has been a privilege being a long-time part of the FedEx team. I truly believe that FedEx's best days are ahead, but I will be cheering from the sidelines as I am 67 years old, and I want to spend more time with my family. With that I will now turn it over to Raj for him to share his views on the quarter.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Mickey, and good afternoon. I would like to first congratulate Mickey on his upcoming retirement. He has led our Investor Relations team for nearly 18 years, spanning 70 earnings calls, and after tomorrow, 18 annual meetings. He will be missed by all and especially this audience, and we thank him for his outstanding service to FedEx over the years. Let me also take this opportunity to welcome John Dietrich, our Chief Financial Officer for FedEx. With more than 30 years of experience in the aviation and air cargo industries, John brings a unique blend of financial and operational expertise to our leadership team at a very important time for this company. He's already hit the ground running and I'm very happy that he has joined FedEx. So now turning to the quarter. We entered fiscal year '24 with strength and momentum, delivering results ahead of expectations in what remains a dynamic environment. I'm proud of what the FedEx team has accomplished over the last 12 months. Amid significant demand disruption, we delivered on what we said we would do, driving over $2 billion in year-over-year cost savings in fiscal '23. We are now well advanced in executing on that transformation to be the most efficient, flexible and intelligent global network. Our first quarter progress gives me great conviction in our ability to execute going forward. We came into the quarter determined to provide excellent service to our customers despite the industry dynamics. We achieved that goal while delivering innovative and data-driven solutions that further enhance the customer experience. As a result, we are well positioned as we prepare for the peak season. As you can see in our results on slide six, our transformation is enhancing our profitability. Ground was a bright spot with higher revenue year-over-year driven by higher yield. On top of this growth, Ground drove exceptional operational performance, leading to its most profitable quarter ever on an adjusted basis. As expected, total revenue declined as volumes and yields were pressured at Express and Freight. We indicated last quarter that Express revenue would be adversely impacted by international export yield pressure as well as a change in strategy by the US Postal Service, which we are addressing through DRIVE as we build a more nimble airline. For the total company, we delivered 200 basis points of adjusted margin improvement as we realize efficiencies across our networks. This performance is a testament to the power of DRIVE and the FedEx team working collaboratively to implement structural cost reductions throughout the enterprise. During the quarter, labor negotiations at our primary competitor and the bankruptcy of Yellow disrupted the market. Our priorities were clear. Protect our customers, deliver outstanding service and focus on high-quality revenue. We delivered on those priorities, leveraging our flexible network to profitably add volume while maintaining the highest levels of service. While we capture upside as a result of these onetime events, we were highly discerning in terms of the business we accepted in keeping with our goal to drive high-quality revenue. Importantly, we expect to maintain the majority of the volume we added in the quarter. I want to thank our FedEx team for deftly navigating these conditions to execute on our disciplined strategy. Now turning to DRIVE. We are fundamentally changing the way we work. DRIVE is taking cost out of our network and we are on track to deliver our targeted $1.8 billion in structural benefits from DRIVE this fiscal year. At Ground, our DRIVE initiatives reduced costs by $130 million this quarter. These savings were primarily driven by lower third-party transportation rates as a result of a newly implemented purchase bid system as well as optimized rail usage, the continued benefit from reduced Sunday coverage and the consolidation of sorts. At Freight, we continue to manage our cost base more effectively. For example, during the quarter, Freight completed the planned closure of 29 terminal locations during August. And at Express, despite headwinds from Asia yields and the US Postal Service, we delivered on our plan. We're making our global network more efficient primarily through structural flight takedowns and efficiencies at our hubs and sorts as we right-size the capacity across the network. In Europe, DRIVE initiatives are on track and we expect them to gain further traction over the course of the year and into FY'25. Looking ahead, we are excited to leverage John's aviation experience as we continue to transform our air network. And our DRIVE expectations for this year include the G&A savings we have previously outlined, which we believe will start to ramp in the second half of this fiscal year. Finally, on slide eight, I will provide a brief update on our key strategic focus areas as we move into the next phase of our transformation. This includes One FedEx, which is how we are better aligning our organization to enable Network 2.0. We are well underway with plans to simplify our organization. In June 2024, FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and FedEx Services will consolidate into one company, Federal Express Corporation. The reorganization will reduce and optimize overhead, streamline our go-to-market capabilities and improve the customer experience. To-date, we have implemented or announced Network 2.0 in several markets, including Alaska, Hawaii and Canada. As each market is different, we're continuously learning and tailoring the network to adapt to the operational characteristics unique to each region while delivering the highest quality service for our customers. We'll continue to use both employee couriers and service providers for pickup and delivery operations across the network. As with any significant transformation, these changes are being thoughtfully executed and will take time to complete. The network that FedEx has built over the last 50 years provides us a foundation that is unmatched. This physical network enables us to transport millions of packages a day around the world, generating terabytes of data that contain invaluable insights about the global supply chain. We are focused on harnessing the power of this rich data to make supply chains smarter for everyone, for our customers, for our customers' customers and for ourselves. As we move to the next phase of our transformation, I have given the team three specific challenges, to use data to make our network more efficient, make our customer experiences better and drive new profitable revenue streams through digital. Looking ahead to the rest of FY'24, we remain focused on delivering the highest-quality service and aggressively managing what is within our control. Factoring in better-than-expected first quarter results, we are increasing the midpoint of our adjusted EPS outlook range. As we continue to deliver on our commitments, I'm confident we have the right strategy and the right team in place to create significant value. With that let me turn the call over to Brie.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. In the first quarter, we remained focused on revenue quality and being a valued partner to our customers. We did this in an operating environment marked by continued, but moderating volume pressure, mixed deal dynamics and unique developments in the competitive landscape. Let's take each segment in turn. At FedEx Ground, first quarter revenue was up 3% year-over-year, driven by a 1% increase in volume and 3% increase in yield. Revenue at FedEx Express was down 9% year-over-year. Volume remained pressured though total Express volume declines moderated sequentially. International export package volumes were up 3% year-over-year. Similar to the fourth quarter, parcel volume declines were most pronounced in the United States. Additionally, US freight pounds were down 27%, continuing the trend we mentioned last quarter tied to the change in strategy by the United States Postal Service. Across Ground and Express, volumes improved sequentially, aided by the threat of a strike at our primary competitor. We onboarded new customers who valued our service and were committed to a long-term partnership with FedEx. As a result, we added approximately 400,000 in average daily volume by the end of the first quarter and the team did an excellent job focusing on commercial Ground business acquisition. At FedEx Freight, revenue was down 16%, driven by a 13% decline in volume. We experienced significant improvement in volume in August due to Yellow's closure. Freight benefited from approximately 5,000 incremental average daily shipments at attractive rates as we exited the quarter. As you can see on slide 11, monthly volumes have improved sequentially, with Ground and international export volumes inflecting positively on a year-over-year basis. We expect to continue benefiting from this quarter's market share gains throughout the fiscal year. We anticipate improved year-over-year growth rate, especially late in the fiscal year, albeit within a muted demand environment. The yield trends we shared last quarter persisted, particularly at FedEx Express, where we saw reduced fuel and demand surcharges year-over-year. Product mix shifts, including an increase in e-commerce volume and demand for our International Economy service after the May reopening in EMEA also put pressure on yield growth. At FedEx Ground, we saw better-than-expected yields as a result of higher weight per package and product mix. At FedEx Freight, base rates were strong despite lower weights. The revenue per shipment year-over-year decline was due to lower fuel surcharges. Now looking ahead to peak, we recently announced demand surcharges for the holiday shipping season to stay well positioned relative to market. We also announced a 5.9% general rate increase effective this coming January. This average annual increase, one point below last year's rate, reflects the current cost and market environment along with the investment we need to serve customers effectively. We had a high capture rate for our GRI in FY'23 and believe this year's increase will ensure that continues. We continue to find new revenue quality opportunities. In 2024, we will implement technology changes to increase our capture of packaged dimensions in several markets outside of the United States. Further, we are updating our dimensional pricing to market practice in Europe, moving from per shipment to a per piece strategy. Moving to slide 13, I was very pleased with our service levels around the world. I'm proud of how our team delivered here in the United States as we added volume late in the quarter. We are also building momentum in Europe. We improved service year-over-year in the region. And as a result, the Europe team was able to win back market share that we lost due to previous service challenges. There's still work to do, but our service improvements are also leading to better financial performance in Europe with much more to come. As Raj stated, we have a vision to make supply chains smarter for everyone, and I have a few examples of how our digital infrastructure is enabling new capabilities for our customers. We are improving the customer experience through technology with recent investment in Salesforce Data Cloud. We will integrate three customer platforms. Customer service, marketing and sales into one, giving the customer a more informed, efficient and personalized experience when doing business with FedEx. We are now offering our estimated delivery time window, which provides customers with a four-hour window for their package delivery for 96% of inbound volume globally across 48 countries. This growing capability is nicely complemented by picture proof of delivery or as we like to say, PPOD, which has expanded across Europe in the first quarter. Now available in 53 markets, PPOD provides shippers with increased confidence in package delivery and helps reduce the volume of customer calls and claims. One FedEx and Network 2.0 will simplify how we do business, which is particularly important for our small and medium customers. For example, our current customer contracts reflect three independent companies. One FedEx will enable us to change that, making doing business with FedEx and becoming a new customer easier. Network 2.0 will be more efficient for FedEx, but also more efficient for our customers. When we integrate our market with one truck in one neighborhood that's not just for deliveries, it also means a streamlined pickup experience, one pickup per day versus two. This is a simple but very impactful change and customer feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. Small and medium businesses are a high-value growth segment and we are confident that the improvements underway will further enable share gains. And lastly we've expanded My FedEx Rewards beyond the United States into nearly 30 other countries with nine more European countries to launch later this year. My FedEx Rewards is the only loyalty program in the industry and benefits our customers by providing them with rewards they can invest back into their business. They can use them to recognize their employees for a job well done or give back to the communities. My FedEx Rewards has been a successful program in the United States and we've built lasting relationships as we continue to invest in our customers. We are excited about the potential to replicate this success in Europe and around the world. Striving to anticipate customers' needs and provide them with superior service is deeply embedded in our FedEx culture. I'm proud of how our teams work together to support our current customers, build relationships with new ones and ensure that FedEx was positioned to succeed during the quarter. Now I will turn it over to John to discuss the financials in more detail.
John Dietrich: Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm really excited to be here. It's been a full sprint these last few weeks as I continue to get up to speed with this great company. As some of you may know, I've done business with FedEx throughout my career. Through that experience, I've always admired how FedEx literally created a new industry and has built a differentiated network that serves customers all over the world. I've also admired its great culture that has thrived through the People-Service-Profit or PSP philosophy. After only being here a few short weeks, I've seen the incredible opportunity we have before us. Not only will we continue to provide our customers with the best service and product offerings, but our plans to bring our businesses together through One FedEx and execute on DRIVE and Network 2.0 initiatives will be truly transformative. These initiatives will leverage and optimize everything that the talented teams across FedEx have built over the last 50 years. It will make us smarter, it will make us more efficient and it will enable us to serve our customers better. Before getting into the numbers, I want to share a brief overview of the priorities that will guide me and the finance organization as we move forward. First and foremost, I'm committed to setting stringent financial goals that reflect the significant opportunity we have to improve margins and returns. This will be enabled by the DRIVE initiatives and the integration of Network 2.0 as we move towards One FedEx. I've been really impressed by the tremendous amount of work already completed on DRIVE from the initiatives in place, the accountability embedded in the program and the team's steadfast focus on execution. In terms of our capital priorities, I'll focus on maintaining a healthy balance sheet, returning cash to shareholders and reinvesting in the business with a focus on the highest returns. Our finance organization will partner closely with Raj and the leadership team to ensure we deliver consistent progress towards these priorities with the goal of delivering significant value for our employees, partners, customers and shareholders in the years to come. Finally, a guiding principle for me will be to have open and transparent communication with all key stakeholders, including all of you in the financial community. I already know some of you from my prior roles. I look forward to continuing to work together and engaging with the rest of you in the weeks and months ahead. Now taking a closer look at our results. Our fiscal year 2024 is off to an outstanding start as demonstrated by the strong operational execution in the first quarter. At FedEx Ground, DRIVE initiatives are taking hold and we delivered the most profitable quarter in our history for that segment on an adjusted basis. Adjusted operating income at Ground was up 61% and adjusted operating margin expanded 480 basis points to 13.3%. These strong results were driven by yield improvement and cost reductions, including lower line haul expense and improved first and last mile productivity. As a result, cost per package was down more than 2%. At FedEx Express, the business was able to improve operating income despite a decline in revenue. This further demonstrates that DRIVE is working. Adjusted operating income at Express was up 14% and adjusted operating margin expanded 40 basis points to 2.1%. Cost reductions and transformation efforts at FedEx Express included structural flight reductions, alignment of staffing with volume levels, parking aircraft and shifting to one delivery wave per day in the US, all of which more than offset the impact of lower revenue. It's important to note that expanding operating margins and reducing cost at Express will be a key focus for me and the team. At FedEx Freight, the team diligently managed costs and revenue quality amid a dynamic volume environment. Operating margin declined 290 basis points based on lower fuel surcharges and shipments but remained strong at 21%. Now turning to our fiscal year outlook on slide 17. As we've been discussing, we're beginning to see the benefits of our DRIVE initiatives and our focus on improved revenue quality. Based on our solid first quarter performance and our view of the rest of the year, we're raising the low end of our full year adjusted earnings per share outlook by $0.50. We're now expecting adjusted EPS in the range of $17 to $18.50. We're confident we can deliver on this higher earnings outlook despite the constrained demand environment. We're now assuming revenue to be relatively flat at the midpoint of our fiscal year 2024 adjusted EPS outlook range. Of course, an improvement in demand would translate into greater operating leverage and earnings upside, supporting the high end of our range. We'll be closely monitoring the demand environment going forward, including economic activity in North America, Europe and Trans-Pacific trade. We'll also be keeping a close watch on other key factors that impact the demand environment, including inventory restocking, inflation and e-commerce trends. Turning to slide 18. And consistent with last quarter, we want to share how we're thinking about the operating profit considerations embedded in our full year outlook. For illustration purposes, we used adjusted operating profit of $6.3 billion, which is the equivalent of the adjusted EPS midpoint of $17.75. Within this outlook, we're highlighting a few key assumptions. Revenue, net of cost increases, is now expected to be up $500 million due to improved revenue quality and flow-through at Ground. We continue to expect approximately $800 million of international export yield pressure as demand surcharges significantly diminish and service mix continues shifting towards deferred offerings. As a result of our strong first quarter performance, we're also planning for a $600 million increase in variable compensation. These headwinds are more than offset by the $1.8 billion in structural cost savings from our DRIVE initiatives, which we shared with you last quarter and are on track to achieve. Moving on to slide 19. We remain steadfast in our commitment to prudent capital allocation and shareholder returns. Our liquidity position remains strong and we ended the quarter with $7.1 billion in cash. Capital expenditures for the quarter were $1.3 billion and we continue to expect to achieve our target of less than 6.5% CapEx to revenue for the year. Our capital expenditures at Ground will decline as we reduce capacity investment, and we're planning for lower annual aircraft CapEx over time, which we expect to be approximately $1 billion in fiscal year '26. And as we previously communicated, we're standing behind our commitment to capital discipline by tying executive compensation to ROIC. Given improved earnings, we're generating significant and improved cash flow. This is supporting our ability to enhance shareholder returns demonstrated by the completion of our $500 million accelerated share repurchase program in the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect to repurchase an additional $1.5 billion in common stock this fiscal year while we're also paying our dividend. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. Brie, if I can ask you a question. You've had a major competitor that's really been very disciplined on price over the last few years. But now after some of the disruptions that you mentioned in your prepared remarks, it seems like they may be more aggressive on price to win back volume. How does that change the way you think about strategy, both as it relates to share and pricing not just for this year but kind of for the two to three year time period?
Brie Carere: Hi, Jon, and thanks for the question. So a couple of things that I would like to comment on. I think the first and foremost is the pricing market has been very rational for the last several years. I think it's also important to remember that we are the price leader. In every market segment in the domestic market, we actually lead on price and that's because we have the better value proposition. We've got seven days a week, and we've got picture POD and we've got the faster network. So as I think about responding to the current competitive pressure, my job is to make it very difficult for our primary competitor to win back that share. The team has done an outstanding job of onboarding the business that we won in the last quarter and we have some time to prepare for it. So the executive team has been out. We've met with a lot of these new customers. They're happy. Service is good. And that's really what I'm focused on right now is delivering just awesome service, and so they want to stay with FedEx because we're the better provider.
Jonathan Chappell: Thanks, Brie.
Operator: The next question will come from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Okay, great. Thank you, and first, John, congrats to you on your new role with FedEx and Mickey, congratulations on your great career. So I guess I would like to maybe dig into the revenue guidance for a moment in terms of what's changing there. It feels like the macro assumptions are perhaps a bit weaker, but we have some competitive dynamics both in Freight and at Ground that are helping. Could you maybe kind of help us understand a little bit, Brie, in terms of what's changing to your macro outlook? And it seems like you're a bit more conservative there.
Brie Carere: Yes, absolutely. Fair question. So as I just mentioned, we really did feel good about how we executed within the quarter, but the macro did not help. As we're thinking about the domestic market specifically from a parcel perspective, if you look at calendar year '23, total volume for the whole year will be down about 0.5% for the total year. That's a little bit lower than we anticipated the full year. So we have adjusted. Like I said, the market is not helping so we really have to work hard to kind of -- to grow the yield and the team is doing a great job. When we get to international, again, the team executed. They took share in Europe. But when I look at the macro a couple of things. Trade is growing at 1.7, that's down versus 2.2, the previous year. As we look at inventory, they're in a pretty good place in that from a retailer's perspective, I think the retailers have done a good job. They're not carrying a lot of extra in this -- a lot of extra inventory. Wholesalers are, but the net takeaway is that inventory restocking is not going to help us. And then if you look at capacity from a packs perspective, Trans-Atlantic packs capacity is back. And while it's not that coming out of Asia, total capacity is back to pre-COVID levels. So we don't see inventories helping. We don't see trade giving us a huge boost and so we're going to work really hard to execute. That being said, I think it's really important to note that this revised sort of demand outlook is already reflected in the range. And so despite the fact that the macro is a little bit softer, we raised the midpoint for really good.
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah, Jack, let me just add on to the last point that Brie just mentioned, that's really important as we -- even despite the fact that we have lower revenue expectations, we actually raised the bottom line. This is a sign of our DRIVE execution working. Last time on the call, I gave you all a simple formula of 1%, 2%, 3%. 1% revenue growth for the bottom of the range and 3% for the top of the range, well, I can now say it's minus 1%, 0%, 1%. It's not quite as catchy as 1%, 2%, 3%, but in fact, it's a better performance. Thank you for the question, Jack.
Jack Atkins: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah, good afternoon, and congratulations on the good result at particularly in Ground, a very impressive margin performance. I wanted to ask you about how we think about that Ground margin going forward. And what happens if the volume side is a little bit softer? So we would think that some volume probably came over from diversion, maybe from UPS. Kind of how much was that a factor in driving this Ground margin performance? And if you lose a little momentum on volume, should we still expect a lot of momentum on that Ground margin? Thank you.
John Dietrich: Hi, Tom. This is John. Thanks for that question. Yes. Look, we've demonstrated substantial improvement in year-over-year margins in Q1 and we anticipate continued improvement in Q2 on a year-over-year basis. Also, we're focusing on revenue quality, which resulted in solid yields in Q1, up 6% year-over-year, excluding fuel surcharges, which also helped boost margin. I think the team is doing a great job identifying those opportunities with the best revenue quality and we'll continue to do so. And as Brie mentioned, we got this business and we want to keep it. So thanks for the question.
Operator: The next question will come from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yeah, hi, thanks. Just curious, can you talk a little bit more about DRIVE? You sort of talked about some of the things that you've worked on this quarter, but can you maybe tease up what we could expect the upcoming quarters or two, whether it be cost saves, aggregate cost saves expected in the second quarter, and maybe some of the targeted areas in Ground and Express from here, what we could look forward to? Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you, Jordan. Let me start off, and then I will turn it to John for additional color here. I'm just delighted with the way we are executing against DRIVE. It's not any one thing and there's a series of initiatives. It's changing the way we are working inside this company with a lot of rigor, a lot of accountability, and a lot of measurement. In fact, last week, we had an internal DRIVE meeting with all the stakeholders. I have not seen a more energetic conversation and with the real numbers. So that's one of the -- if you look at the first quarter, one of the -- obviously, we've got some benefit from the competitive activity, but the bigger issue is really the execution of DRIVE, which we expect to continue to perform as we go forward. The momentum that we have in the first quarter gives me a lot of confidence. So let me give it to John to give some more color on that.
John Dietrich: Yeah, thanks, Raj, and I echo everything that you said. And as I said in my remarks, one of the things I'm most impressed with is the rigor around this program and the accountability in the project plan. It's really extraordinary to see that come together such that we're really confident in our -- reaching our goal of the $1.8 billion for the year. And to Raj's point, it's coming from everywhere in the organization. One of the examples we used was the example of Ground. I think it was the $130 million we referenced. The reason I referenced that, not only because of the significant savings, because it also adopted some technology tools, which helped us and our bidding system, which allowed us to capture more revenue and a more efficient basis bidding system. So it's a combination of everything, operational execution, leveraging technology and going after the market. So thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Afternoon. I'm in a car. Hopefully you can hear me okay. John, any color how much of the $1.8 billion of DRIVE you've gotten so far? And then I know you said Ground margins would continue to improve year-over-year in Q2. Any thoughts on sequential margins at Ground and just across the rest of the business for Q2? Thank you.
John Dietrich: Yes. Thanks, Scott, and good to talk to you again. Yes. With regard to DRIVE, we're -- that $1.8 billion, we expect it to be reasonably spread out fairly evenly through the year. We had an exceptional Q1. We're expecting that to continue to ratchet up in Q2, maybe slightly heavily loaded in the back half of the year as some of these programs get their traction and start to show the results through the year. So again, I won't -- I'm not going to sit here and say there's any dramatic changes for any one quarter. It's fairly evenly spread.
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Wetherbee with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. Hey, John, just to follow up on that, I guess. Can you outline what the savings was realized from DRIVE in the other segments, Freight and Express and that you outlined the Ground, the $130 million there, that would be helpful. And then just wanted to sort of think about the guidance a little bit bigger picture. So it sounds like you want to hold on to or expect to hold on to a big piece of the 400,000 packages per day that you captured from a competitive standpoint. But can you walk us through the puts and takes of the guidance of what you're adding in Yellow and maybe UPS into that and then maybe some of the macro there to help kind of bridge from where you were before to kind of moving that midpoint up a little bit?
John Dietrich: Sure. With regard to DRIVE first, it really is coming from every aspect of the organization. We highlighted Ground. But for some of the flight restructurings, for example, I think Express is doing a nice job there as well, taking down aircraft as well as revised the flight schedules and that will be a continued focus for me. I'm not going to be listing by group exactly where, specifically on the savings. But in the aggregate, what I will say is we're committed to achieving and will achieve that $1.8 billion for the year. With regard to the guidance, look, we took a thoughtful approach on guidance. It was a strong quarter, we recognize that and we're delighted to have been able to raise our guidance for the full year. Not only does that reflect strong execution for the quarter but really a focus on those things that we can control amid a soft market. Things are playing out largely as we expected. And there are going to be puts and takes. Yes, we enjoyed some upside from UPS and Yellow. But as Brie mentioned, it was a soft market. There were some offsets there and yield pressure in the soft market. Also embedded in our outlook is $600 million in incremental variable compensation through the balance of the year. That's $100 million more than our prior estimate. But at the end of the day, we're really pleased to have increased the lower end of the range, even when we're seeing this uncertainty, and we will keep you posted as the year progresses.
Operator: The next question will come from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, thanks. Good evening. Just wanted to ask about another angle of the Teamsters contract negotiation. Obviously, we've seen a lot of these union contracts get reset higher. This one reset the bar for comp and benefits in logistics and I think it came in even higher than you guys expected. So do you think there's a catch-up across the board from a cost perspective as you look across your various segments as they now deal with what was reset in the reality in the market? Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah. Thank you, Brian. As you all know or may recall that in FY'22, we increased compensation annually to be about $1 billion. I mean, we are dealing with market conditions in real time. And we knew that our competition would see a step change, it's exactly what happened. And also, you know we have two pickup and delivery models in the market. And while we have taken a majority of the increase, we will continue to invest in our people. That's a given and our outlook reflects that. In fact, coming up in October, we have our annual merit increases, which are a regular and important component of our overall compensation structure. It's also important to remember that beyond compensation, working at FedEx offers our team members a great overall value proposition, a collaborative culture and offers great career opportunities, among other things. So it's very important for all of us, issue for all of us, and we are staying right on top of it and we appreciate your question. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Hi. Good evening. Raj, you mentioned peak season, the upcoming peak season in your opening remarks. Just given sort of the dynamic environment, your approach to disciplined revenue quality and such, has your approach to this peak season changed at all? Just any color there.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you for the question, Allison. The peak season, I would say, is that there is really no difference in our approach other than to say our service is really strong. We expect normal seasonality versus the volumes we are seeing today and probably year-over-year comparable to where we were last year. And the networks are running very well and the team is ready to support our customers during this most important season. And Brie I don't know if you want to add any more to it than I just what I just said.
Brie Carere: No, Raj. I think you covered it. We feel good about peak. And from a pricing strategy perspective, we're committed to our strategy, which does include peak surcharges. We think that's really important. We need to invest in the network. This is a really important time of year for us, but it's also a really important time for our customers. And so having that surcharge there allows us to flex the network, deliver great service. And then we'll wind it down in January, but we see no major change in strategy.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. Good evening. Mickey, best of luck in retirement. It's been a great 18-year run. And John, welcome. Look forward to working with you. Just overall a great job in results and particularly at Ground. But at 2% margins at Express, any reason we're not seeing maybe more leverage at Express, given the moves you've made with parked aircraft and the structural change you talked about? Maybe walk through some of the timing on the gains at Express in particular? And I guess to wrap it up, like given the beat of $0.80 in the quarter versus the Street, yet you're raising the bottom target by $0.50, is that -- are there softening gains the rest of the year on some of the margins? I know you talked about the $600 million in cost, but you had prior talked about $500 million. So I'm just wondering if there's maybe some slimmer margins that you're looking at in other areas. Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, again, let me start off, and John can add to what I say here. I think it's important to remember for Express some of the key headwinds that we're facing in this quarter. Firstly, the demand surcharges declined substantially year-over-year. We also opened up International Economy and the reopening of International Economy resulted in yields decline. As we have mentioned in the talk track earlier that the volumes from USPS also declined as part of their strategy. That's number three. And then at the same time, we also have market-driven headwinds from fuel prices. So net of all that, it was a revenue decline of $1.1 billion. In addition to that, the variable compensation increase for Express was also there. Despite all that, we increased our earnings and improved profit, and this is actually DRIVE working. And as we start to lap these headwinds, DRIVE progress will become even more visible in the numbers. And again, we think there's a tremendous opportunity and the teams are working hard to capture that. I'll just make a quick comment on the forecast and then I'll turn it over to John. The demand environment remains uncertain and we are being prudent in our financial projections, given that environment. And once again, our ability to drive better results even in a lower demand environment is what's really encouraging to me. Now the environment changes and we are more positive. Obviously, there's significant leverage on that. So John, if you want to add anything to it?
John Dietrich: No, Raj, I think you've really captured it. All the significant headwinds that Express faced, yet they were able to turn a profit and the year-over-year improvement is exceptional. But that said, we're going to be focusing on those markets. We're going to be focusing on continuous improvement. We're going to be focusing on the DRIVE initiatives to keep improving those margins. And on the guidance, yes, I think, Raj covered it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, operator. Hi, everyone. Congrats on the quarter. John, I guess wondering on the Ground performance, obviously, it's incredibly strong. I'm just wondering if you would -- is there anything to ring-fence there that you would consider kind of onetime due to the volume diversion opportunity? I'm just looking at that plus 4 in August and wondering is there any cadence shift throughout the month and some of that volume went back. And I guess just clarifying on Express, I think, it sounds like there was a $150 million step-up sequentially in Express related to the incentive comp. Can you just confirm that? I can get it from the Q, but I was just wondering that maybe that may explain why the decremental sequentially were so high. And I guess that moderates as we go on because that's now in the cost structure. If you could just clarify that.
John Dietrich: I think what I said was $100 million incremental to our last report, from the last time we reported on it. So that's that piece of it. With regard to Ground, look, as I mentioned just a short while ago, we think the improvement is going to continue on a year-over-year basis in terms of ring-fencing anything, as Brie talked about, we're going to be looking to keep that incremental business and, in fact, have terms that require we are very discerning on the customers we took on and have agreements in place with those customers. And on the Freight side as well with Yellow that capacity at least for now has come out of the market and Freight is going to be taking advantage of those additional volumes. But I mean just getting back to Ground for a moment. We're expecting continued year-over-year improvement and no ring-fence to identify. With regard to Express, we're going to be focusing on the margin expansion. I'm not exactly sure on your question from perspective otherwise. But we're going to be focused on that margin expansion and continuing to grow and leverage the opportunities we have at Express.
Operator: The next question will come from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: This spring, your primary competitor talked about potentially launching some dynamic pricing products in the parcel space, which we haven't seen a lot of from the larger carriers before. Can you talk a little bit about where and if FedEx uses dynamic pricing in its US domestic products at this point? And has that evolved in the competitive landscape as a tool for market share and network efficiencies? Thank you.
Brie Carere: Sure. Great question. We're actually really pleased with the progress that we're making. Our pricing team along with DataWorks are building a great platform to be able to dynamic -- to price more dynamically. Where we are currently using this capability now is we have made our peak surcharges around the world more dynamic. We have a great spot pricing capability that we're using in our airfreight products that we are using to kind of match capacity to the market as well as we're starting to use that domestically in some backhauling. We've got a long road map of things that we're going to bring to market that we're very excited about to drive revenue quality. But I have to -- I really don't want to share much more than what's already visible in market because I certainly don't want to provide any competitive intelligence that I don't need to.
Operator: The next question will come from David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good evening, and thanks for making the time, Mickey. Congratulations, John. Welcome to the circus. Quick question for you on the cost per piece in the Ground segment. The 10.30 sort of sequentially is a big surprise. How should we feel about that number in absolute terms as we look at the rest of the year? Should we be kind of running at that 10.25, 10.35 range? Are there additional things that are going to be popping in and out of that on a cost per piece basis? I'm just trying to get a sense for kind of where we should be expecting the cost structure for the full year. And if you could talk a little bit more about the drivers in this quarter. You mentioned line haul. I'm just wondering if you renegotiated a bunch of line haul rates in a down truck market, that kind of thing, which is going to -- which should be sticky for the rest of the year. Thank you.
John Dietrich: So I'll take that in reverse order. On the measures taking, yes, it's across the board with DRIVE, line haul and all the things we mentioned in our prepared remarks. And with regard to the rate environment, we're expecting it to remain consistent so that's factored into our forecast. But we will continue to update as time goes on. Again, line haul, dock productivity, higher wage and settlement rates that we're focused on, as Raj touched on, and just across the board focused on productivity. And that's true at Ground and that's going to be true at Express and with Freight as well. And I mentioned first and last mile in my remarks.
Operator: The next question will come from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Eric Morgan: Hi. Good evening. This is Eric Morgan on for Brandon. Thanks for taking my question and congrats to Mickey and welcome to John. I wanted to ask on Network 2.0. Raj, you mentioned you're continually learning and tailoring the network as you go through this process. So can you give us some color on what has gone right and wrong so far with co-locating the Express and Ground terminals? And on the employee service provider decisions, I know it's market by market, but maybe could you give us some insight into what variables you're considering when making those decisions? Just trying to better understand the strategy there and how confident you are in execution.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you for the question. Things are going quite well as we feel we are on track to complete our Network 2.0 by our commitment of fiscal year '27. As you know, we have announced and/or implemented optimization changes in Alaska, Hawaii, Canada as well as several other locations in the Lower 48. And we are definitely learning a lot in this process. I mean, we have technology, we have facilities, we have people. And our principle is pretty straightforward, which is going to be data-driven and it's going to follow the PSP philosophy. And again, it's important to note that we will continue to use both the courier and the service provider model for pickup and delivery operations tailored to the characteristics of each market. So, so far, so good. And again, we are putting all this in place as we move forward. And post peak, we'll announce the next wave of rollout of Network 2.0.
Operator: The next question will come from Helane Becker with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Mickey, congratulations. John, welcome on board. And thanks for the time, team. So my number one question is the UAW is doing these targeted strikes. And I know automotive and automotive parts is a big part of your vertical, one of your big verticals. I'm kind of wondering how you're thinking about that, the impact in the current quarter, how you're thinking about mitigating any impact and so on, if you can help out there. Thanks.
Brie Carere: Hi, Helane. Yes, it's a fair question. We do have a healthy business in automotive here in the United States and around the world, but we're also highly diversified. We have looked at the -- our initial numbers and we have accounted for in our current demand forecast for some fluctuations in automotive. We do anticipate that there will be, in certain locations, some rolling strikes, and so we have accounted for that within the current demand outlook. Right now, we believe that both FedEx and the entire economy would benefit obviously from a fast resolution but we've accounted for it.
Operator: The next question will come from Bruce Chan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Hey, good evening, everyone. Mickey, John, congrats to you both. If I could maybe go back to something that you talked about, Brie, FedEx having a superior value prop with regard to service and speed. Does Network 2.0 make FedEx even faster? And if so, do you think that opens more yield capture opportunity that maybe goes beyond some of the guidance that you've given around the initiative?
Brie Carere: So from a Network 2.0 perspective, I'm actually really excited about this from a FedEx Service perspective. The piece that I mentioned in my opening remarks is pickup, and I just wouldn't underestimate this. We have long known that this was an opportunity. And when Raj talked about some of the early learnings in the US market, we knew it was an opportunity but the enthusiasm from customers on how much easier it is to manage as we collapse and make the -- not just the pickup experience, the physical pickup one, but we also will rationalize our pricing there and we will automate pickups in a more streamlined fashion. So it's a better customer experience. To date, we do not -- we have not yet found opportunities to speed up the network from a Network 2.0 perspective, but we continue to iterate. What we have found is it's a lot easier to respond and adapt in the network as we bring them together. And so that has also been something that customers have asked for especially in the B2B space and health care. So we are learning a lot, but the net takeaway is customers are actually very supportive and excited about Network 2.0.
Operator: The next question will come from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks to everyone and Mickey good luck and thanks for the help over the years. Brie, just one quick follow-up for you. You said that pricing traction was good so far, and you're converting a pretty decent amount of the base rate increase. What percentage of that? I think historically, it's been like closer to 50%. What rate are you converting right now? And also, you said that the pricing environment remains pretty rational. But you saw the US post office basically say they're not going to have any pricing surcharges and the USPS, the UPS changes were noted on the call. I think Amazon is launching some competitive service as well. Do you think 2024 could be a tougher environment pricing-wise across the industry?
Brie Carere: Okay, that was a lot. But I think I got it, Ravi. Jump in here if I don't get it all. So from a GRI perspective, if we go back to last January, the answer is the vast majority of our customers pay the full GRI. That is excluding the large customers where we've already pre-negotiated but the customers that are on our service guide terms, we get a very high capture rate. And so we anticipate that we will see the same thing this coming January. From a peak surcharge perspective, I think, it's really important to understand that we structure our peak surcharge to really target volume that will surge and drive the network to flex. So the vast majority of our customers actually do not pay a peak surcharge because their volume just doesn't flex up enough to qualify for the peak surcharge. And so when we look from a competitive environment, I actually don't think the USPS' peak surcharge is particularly relevant in what we're doing so I'm not worried about that and actually continue to feel good. And we've also pre-negotiated peak surcharges with the vast majority of those customers that pay them. So I feel good heading into peak. And then when you think about Amazon or ship with Amazon, I think it's really important to remember, we spent the last 50 years building the best transportation network in the world. We get up every day thinking about nothing other than making our supply chain better for our customers. And the market and customers, I think, really value the fact that when they win, we win, and they don't have to worry about a provider who is going to compete with them. I do think that we've taken competition very seriously, and I'm focused on continuing to provide an even better value proposition. And we've got some things planned for 2024 that I'm really excited about sharing with you in a couple of months. So I feel good. Thanks, Ravi, for the question.
Operator: The next question will come from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephanie Moore: Hi. Good evening. Thank you for the question. I appreciate the color that you gave on the Freight segment and kind of what you're seeing in August. But given just the major disruption in the market, can you talk a little bit about how some of those diverted volumes, just the mix, probably fits with FedEx's current Freight mix would be helpful just for context? Thank you.
Brie Carere: Sure. Happy to answer that question. So when we talk about the volume that came on, I think it's important to split it. Actually, if you look at both, half of it came directly from Yellow customers, so give or take, about 2,500 pieces a day. And the reason being is that Yellow had a lot of low-quality revenue. And so there was some revenue there and some customers that really didn't want to pay for the value of the FedEx Freight fee and the quality that we provide. What happened, however, was some competitors took on more Yellow volume and their service was not what it needed to be. And so as a result, we went and got an additional 2,500 pieces from the market. Net takeaway is the margin of the 5,000 was very healthy. The sales team was incredibly disciplined and both Lance and I are very, very pleased with that volume that the network is running really well. And I am confident that we will keep the majority of that and that's what we plan to do.
Operator: And our last question today will come from Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Thank you very much for squeezing me in. And congratulations, John. And Mickey, it's been great working with you all these years, so thank you. John, a question for you, and I just wanted to go back and clarify kind of what Ken Hoexter was asking on the guidance. The adjusted earnings went up, I guess, about $0.25 at the midpoint and you highlighted the reasons why. But it looked like the unadjusted earnings went down about $0.15 at the midpoint. You took the high end of the range down to $16.60 and the low end up a little bit. And I just want to understand, you talked about the $100 million of incremental incentive comp. You talked about some of the continued yield pressure. You talked about some of the negatives. And then I saw that it looked like you also extended the adjustment range for the business optimization costs up from about $500 million to $620 million. So is that the net that explains the difference between the $0.15 reduction in the unadjusted guidance and the $0.25 increase in the adjusted guidance at the midpoint?
John Dietrich: Yes, Jeff, that's correct. You have that right.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Okay. That's my question. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Raj Subramaniam for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you very much, operator. Let me say that in closing how proud I am of our team for delivering such a strong start for the year. Our execution of the structural cost reductions remain on track, and as we prepare for peak, we will continue to make every FedEx experience outstanding for our customers. We've proven that DRIVE is changing the way we work, and we're enabling continued transformation across FedEx as we build the world's most flexible, efficient and intelligent network. Thank you for your attention today. I will see you next time.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-06-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FedEx Fiscal Year 2023 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. The fourth quarter earnings release and Stat Book are on our website at fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website, where the replay and slides will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the investor relations portion of our website at fedex.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President, and CEO; Mike Lenz, Executive Vice President, and CFO; and Brie Carere, Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer. And now over to Raj.
Raj Subramaniam: Good afternoon, everyone. Before I start my remarks, I first want to acknowledge the upcoming retirement of Mike and his terrific contributions and accomplishments at FedEx over the last 18-years. Mike was named CFO in March of 2020, and I'm grateful for his leadership over the three years since then as we navigated a global pandemic and significant change. Due to his tireless work, FedEx is on solid footing as we execute the next phase of our strategy. Above all, Mike has been a good friend and a colleague of mine, and I wish him all the very best. Now let me turn to my remarks for the quarter. Thanks to the hard work of the FedEx team, we have demonstrated continued progress on our journey to transform into the world's most flexible, efficient, and intelligent network. In the fourth quarter, we introduced and began preparing for one FedEx. At the same time, we continued to bend the cost curve through our DRIVE initiatives. This supported our fiscal year 2023 earnings, which came in above the midpoint of our March outlook, despite continued soft demand and an unplanned year-end tax expense, which negatively impacted our earnings by $0.18 for the quarter. Our operating performance remains solid. We're entering fiscal 2024 with a continued focus on areas within our control and a commitment to execute swiftly on our priorities. This focus will support sustained profit improvement in FY ‘24 through an environment that we expect to remain marked by demand challenges, particularly in the first-half. Turning to slide six, I will start with a snapshot of the quarter. Total revenue in the fourth quarter was down 10% year-over-year as volumes declined with demand remaining soft across the market. With this said, the rate of volume decline in Ground and Express improved sequentially. As expected, yield trends have been pressured in international markets where the supply demand balances have changed. We continue to maintain our focus on revenue quality and are committed to our disciplined pricing approach focused on the long-term. While we expect these pressures to persist, we do expect moderation throughout the fiscal year. With our execution, on a number of cost actions, we delivered adjusted operating profit of $1.8 billion. Our fourth quarter performance enabled us to close out the year with an adjusted operating margin of 6% and adjusted earnings per share of $14.96. While our revenue declines were in line with the industry, I'm pleased to note that our flow through performance continues to improve, and we believe is the best in the industry in the first quarter of calendar year. Beyond the headline numbers, our results this quarter embed continued progress on our transformation. I'm pleased to see our cost out efforts take hold, but I'm also equally excited about the operational improvements we are driving as we build the smartest logistics network in the world. For example, our market leading picture proof of delivery is now available to 90% of global residential deliveries, having launched in Europe earlier this month. Picture proof of delivery gives our customers visibility to their delivered shipment at the click of a button and it has led to a 14% reduction in disputed delivery cases and contributed to a 17% reduction in call volume in the United States. Our four hour estimated delivery time window which we have rolled out to 47 countries is also improving the customer experience. And at Ground, our dock modernization efforts are enhancing productivity, helping us run our dock smarter with new technology and key data insights. This includes a new network operating plan that uses machine learning to develop more detailed and accurate volume forecast. Ground remained a standout in this quarter as the team delivered operating income of over $1 billion. For the first time in company history, the Ground team expanded margins despite lower volumes in the second-half. This is a clear indication our drive transformation is working and gives us confidence as we push forward. And amid continued volume pressure, cost per package this quarter increased only 1.9%. This was supported by a total reduction in operating expenses of $350 million as the company continued to manage staffing levels effectively, benefited from stock closures and consolidations and reduced Sunday operations. These actions help bring Ground's fourth quarter operating margin to 12.1%. At Express, we have made significant progress aligning costs with underlying demand. Our initiatives continue to ramp and we expect accelerating benefits in the upcoming fiscal year. Demand dynamics combined with yield pressure drove a 13% decline in revenue at Express. This performance was generally in line with our expectations coming into the quarter. In the phase of these headwinds, the Express team was able to accelerate cost and productivity efforts driven by a combination of structural and volume-related initiatives. The Express team reduced total flight hours by 12% year-over-year and permanently retired 18 aircraft, including 12 MD-11s this quarter. The team is also planning to take another 29 aircraft out of schedule flying in fiscal 2024. In addition, we made excellent progress implementing structural cost savings initiatives beyond flights, including certain domestic efficiency initiatives. This includes the shift to a single daily dispatch of couriers, which achieved its target of [$15] (ph) million in fourth quarter savings, as well as accelerated hub productivity measures. In Europe, we continue to improve operational execution across the region. Notably, we announced the official opening of two of our hubs this quarter. In April, we reopened our international road hub in Duiven, Netherlands and this month, we opened our new state-of-the-art road hub in Novara, Italy. These two facilities have enhanced their capabilities, enabled more efficient routing, and improved our service on the continent. In aggregate, total operating expenses at Express were down $1.1 billion in the quarter. The magnitude of the operating margin decline has continued to narrow sequentially as our initiatives take hold. At Freight, the team is focused on maintaining pricing discipline, while flexing costs to protect profitability. The Freight team was able to reduce operating expenses by over $330 million in the fourth quarter. This will be further supported by our announced plan to close and consolidate 29 locations, which will be completed by August. Consolidation will improve service levels, while lowering our cost to serve. Further, we have conducted another round of furloughs to match staffing with volume levels and are limiting, hiring of salaried employees. Turning to slide seven. We continue to make significant progress in taking cost out of our network, delivering a $2 billion year-over-year reduction in operating cost in the fourth quarter of FY ’23. This included more effectively matching flying with demand, marking the first quarter of this year where our flight hours declined more than the underlying volumes. Additionally, we continue to aggressively manage headcount, including attrition to align our teams with the network changes underway. We exceeded our target with U.S. headcount down by about 29,000 in FY ‘23. Also included in these cost reductions are ramping benefits from the numerous initiatives we have identified across the 14 DRIVE domains. Given our progress, we are confident that we can deliver on our previous goal for about $1.8 billion in cost reduction benefits from DRIVE this fiscal year and $4 billion of permanent cost reductions in fiscal year 2025. As we introduced in April, between now and June of 2024, we will be consolidating our operating companies into one unified organization. One FedEx is the next step of this journey to realize our full value potential. It aligns our organization to one corporate structure that will facilitate the execution of our DRIVE transformation and will further enable the work that's underway in Network 2.0. Our work towards this goal is already taking shape. We have taken a significant step forward in the implementation of Network 2.0 with today's announcement of the transformation of our Canadian operations. In April of 2024, we will begin to transition all FedEx Ground operations and personnel in Canada to FedEx Express, creating a truly integrated and unified Canadian network. This unification is enabled by the nature of the Canadian market where the population is heavily concentrated in a few key geographies currently serviced by both OpCos. Consolidation will create significant efficiencies throughout the business from first to last mile and across our support teams. We expect this change in Canada to generate an annualized benefit of over $100 million upon completion in FY ‘25. We've announced transitions in 20 markets and Canada marks the first large scale implementation of Network 2.0, which builds up the learnings from our completed transitions in other geographies. To be clear, we're not taking a one size fits all approach to our Network 2.0 strategy. Success depends on a mix of models including employees, and contracting with service providers as all are important pieces of how FedEx moves packages. Looking ahead to FY ’24, we're entering the year with a clear focus on what is within our control in an underlying environment that remains dynamic across geographies. This backdrop is likely to pressure revenue growth particularly in the near-term. As a result we're taking a prudent approach to our full-year outlook that builds upon our solid finish to FY ‘23. We'll also make progress on reducing capital intensity by continuing to focus on the highest return opportunities in an efficient manner. After FY ‘25, we have no additional firm commitments on Jet Aircraft CapEx. As such, we expect our aircraft related CapEx to decrease after FY ‘24 and be approximately $1 billion in FY ’26. This capital allocation strategy represents our approach to a more efficient and nimble network. We will continue to look for additional opportunities as we proceed with our aircraft modernization strategy. We'll bring this discipline along with our improved flexibility and agility to ensure that we are successful given the uncertain external environment. In closing, I'm confident that the progress we are making on our transformation will translate into improved margins, returns and cash flow throughout the year. At the same time, our commitment to driving operational improvement will further enhance the customer experience. Now let me turn it over to our Chief Customer Officer, Brie Carere, who will discuss market trends and our commercial strategy in more detail.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. As expected, the fourth quarter operating environment remained pressured with year-over-year volume declines in sequential moderation in yields across all transportation segments. We remain focused on revenue quality and creating meaningful differentiation while managing through these dynamics. Let's take each segment in turn now. At FedEx Ground fourth quarter revenue was down 2% year-over-year, driven by a 6% decline in volume, partially offset by a 5% increase in yield due to surcharges and product mix. We once again delivered strong service levels and best-in-class market transits. Revenue at FedEx Express was down 13% year-over-year. Parcel volume declines were most pronounced in the United States. And in addition, U.S. freight pounds were down over 25% due to a change in strategy from a very large customer. International export volumes were about 4% lower year-over-year. At FedEx Freight revenue was down 18%, driven by an 18% decline in volumes with revenue per shipment flat. This decline was driven primarily the slowdown in the market and high inventory levels. Although the pricing environment is moderating, our pricing discipline remains strong. Let's move now to slide 11. As expected, yield was pressured as year-over-year fuel surcharge comparisons normalized. Customer demand rebalanced between priority and economy services with capacity availability. This is most notable on the Asian markets. In response, we remain focused on revenue quality, while managing our mix. At Ground and U.S. Domestic Express, yield improved year-over-year, but at a moderating rate versus the previous three quarters. And as I mentioned a moment ago, freight at yield -- freight yield was flat. Turning now to slide 12. Our efforts to make the network the most flexible, efficient, and intelligent network in the world are taking hold. We are delivering better service and outcomes for our customers, creating deep relationships and, of course, incremental revenue for FedEx. These efforts are supported by a fantastic portfolio of services. Raj spoke earlier about the benefits we and our customers are seeing from the expanded rollout of picture proof of delivery and continued enhancements to the estimated time delivery window. Later this year, we plan to narrow our four hour delivery window in many locations and provide new enhanced mapping capabilities to help customers track their package movements. Return is also an area where we're underpenetrated, and so we're focusing on growth. Returns move through our network similarly to B2B shipments and are highly efficient in our network. In the fourth quarter, we introduced our new returns program, FedEx consolidated returns, which is available at FedEx office location. For merchants, it's a low cost e-commerce solution for lightweight apparel returns with end-to-end visibility. And for shoppers, it's a convenient, no label, no box drop off experience using a QR code. We have received excellent feedback and look forward to continuing to scale this solution very quickly. Finally, last month, we launched FedEx Sustainability Insights, a cloud-based tool that enables customers to view estimated carbon emissions for both individual tracking numbers and all their FedEx accounts. This platform marks the foundation of a new suite of tools for our customers. It enables customers to transfer their carbon data to their own internal systems via an API. The insights are also available online for our small customers. Leveraging the vast shipment data that we have and using our AI machine learning capabilities, we are able to provide information to our customers in a meaningful and actionable manner. I am very excited about these portfolio expansions and firmly believe that a supply chain powered by FedEx is a competitive advantage for our customers. I'm proud of the team for their unwavering commitment to service and for delivering these innovative solutions. Now, I will turn it over to Mike to discuss the financials in more detail.
Mike Lenz: Thanks, Brie. I'll start on slide 14. The FedEx team demonstrated strong operational execution to close out fiscal 2023. Looking at our transportation segment performance for the fourth quarter, starting with Ground, which continues to deliver strong results. Operating income increased 18% and operating margin expanded 210 basis points to 12.1% even with volumes down 6%. Margin expansion was supported by yield growth of 5% and strong cost controls driven by lower line haul expense. At Express, we're seeing sequential operating margin improvement as our team continues to move with urgency to drive structural and volume related cost improvements. Adjusted operating income declined 47% and adjusted margin contracted 320 basis points to 5% as package volumes were down 7% and yields declined 3%, due to international package yield pressure. At Freight, the team continues to navigate a softening volume environment. Operating income decreased 26% and operating margin declined 210 basis points as shipments declined 18% and yield moderated. Our fourth quarter results include several non-cash items. We recorded an impairment charge of $70 million related to the decision to permanently retire from service 18 aircraft and 34 related engines. The results also include $47 million of goodwill and other asset impairment charges related to the ShopRunner acquisition. In addition, we incurred an unplanned tax expense of $46 million from a revaluation of certain foreign tax assets. To provide additional color on recent demand trends and what we are planning for in our outlook, slide 15 shows trailing monthly volume trends over the last six months for our major service categories. Volume declines continued in the quarter, while still negative, Ground in U.S. Domestic Express year-over-year package volume trends improved into May on a sequential basis. As we look to the first quarter of FY ‘24, we expect volume declines to continue to moderate at Express and Ground as we lap the onset of softer volumes, while freight will continue to experience pressure. This brings me to our FY ‘24 earnings outlook on slide 16. We remain acutely focused on maintaining our strong commercial position, prioritizing revenue quality, and driving profitability improvement through our efficiency initiatives supported by DRIVE. These efforts are more effectively aligning our cost base with demand, reducing our permanent costs, and increasing the flexibility of our network. We do expect external business conditions to remain challenging near-term and they remains significant uncertainty with respect to the timing of demand recovery, particularly in the back half of our fiscal year. As a result, we are preparing for several potential outcomes as we think about the year ahead. This led us to establish an adjusted earnings per share outlook range of $16.50 to $18.50 for fiscal 2024. In a demand environment, it remains consistent with what we are currently experiencing, we anticipate flattish revenue for the full-year and full-year adjusted earnings per share toward the low-end of the range. Should macroeconomic conditions support an improving demand environment in the back half of the year? We expect to see modest volume improvement for the year. In this scenario, we expect revenue to be up low-single-digit percentage for the full-year. This would also translate into greater operating leverage from our more efficient network on a higher revenue base, driving an outlook for full-year adjusted earnings per share closer to the high-end of our range. The key external factors that we’ll determine the FY ’24 outcome are broader economic activity in North America, Europe and in Transpacific trade, inventory restocking, and the development of e-commerce activity as we continue to differentiate our offering. At Express and Ground, we expect to build on fourth quarter cost momentum and see adjusted margin improvement in FY ‘24. Freight margins will remain strong in FY ‘24, but lower than FY ‘23 given significant volume reductions and yield pressure. Turning to other aspects of our outlook. First, we expect a $230 million net non-cash pension headwind with a $330 million headwind below the line, offset by a $100 million lower pension service costs. Partially offsetting this below the line impact, we expect higher interest income on our cash balances. Our projection for the full-year effects of tax rate is approximately 25% prior to the mark-to-market retirement plan adjustment. We are projecting $500 million of business optimization cost at FY ‘24 associated with our transformation. We still expect a total pretax spend of $2 billion through FY ‘25 and the timing and amount of these business optimization expenses may change as we revise and implement our plans. Moving to the next slide, we want to share how we're thinking about the operating profit considerations embedded in our expectations for the full-year. For illustrative purposes, I use adjusted EPS of $17.50, the midpoint of the outlook range. This scenario is based on modest demand recovery leading to limited coverage of base cost inflationary pressures. In addition, we expect approximately $800 million of international export yield pressure as peak surcharges significantly diminish and product mix continue shifting toward deferred offerings. We also include a $500 million increase in variable compensation to ensure our compensation package is competitive. This is critical to retain key talent as we execute our DRIVE transformation. Importantly though, these pressures are more than offset by the $1.8 billion in cost savings from DRIVE. Together, these illustrative components lead to FY ‘24 adjusted operating profit of approximately $6.2 billion at the midpoint of our outlook. Moving to slide 18, we continue our unwavering focus on efficient and responsible capital allocation in our pursuit to drive shareholder returns. For the year, we ended with $6.8 billion in cash in line with where we began the year, despite the challenging business environment. We accomplished this through continued improvement in cash conversion cycles and net working capital along with reduced capital expenditures. Capital expenditures were $6.2 billion which represented 6.8% of revenue, versus 7.2% of revenue in fiscal 2022. FY ’23 CapEx was slightly higher than our projection due largely to timing, as easing supply chain constraints accelerate the delivery of equipment and other projects. With a slight acceleration of certain spend into FY ‘23, we are now projecting $5.7 billion in CapEx for FY ‘24, which achieves our target of less than 6.5% CapEx as a percentage revenue a year earlier than we projected. Our fiscal 2023 adjusted free cash flow of $3.5 billion supported the repurchase of approximately $1.5 billion in stock at an average share price of approximately $163 a share and we paid $1.2 billion of dividends. In addition, we funded $800 million in voluntary pension contributions. Looking ahead, we will continue to invest and attractive return improvement initiatives. We're committed to further reducing capital intensity. Capacity investments at Ground will decline in addition to the lower aircraft expenditures expressed Raj mentioned. And we expect to repurchase an addition of $2 billion stock in fiscal 2024. As previously announced, we are raising our dividend by 10%, which increases our adjusted payout ratio to over 30%. These significant stockholder returns reflect confidence in our continued execution of profitability and return improvement initiatives. Lastly, we are planning for $800 million of voluntary pension contributions to our U.S. plans, which were 94.5% funded at year-end. In closing, we are making progress on our transformation and remain focused on delivering shareholder value by driving improved profitability, lowering our capital intensity, while continuing to deliver strong return of excess cash to shareholders. And with that, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Allison Poliniak-Cusic with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: Hi, good evening. Just want to go back to the optimization in Canada. I know you talked a little bit about the uniqueness of the region. Could you maybe talk to how does that impact the deployment of the optimization? And then more importantly, relative to say the U.S., how is the scale different in Canada versus U.S. and how that deployment would go forward? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, Allison, thank you for your question. Of course, Canada is a unique market and we're taking a different approach there than the market-by-market approach we take in the U.S. The Canadian population is heavily concentrated in a few key geographies and the volume is split roughly 50-50 between Express and Ground. So we made the decision to consolidate everything under Express and is the right time to take these steps, because will begin in April 2024 and complete by September of 2024. And it's very important that you understand that this is unique to Canada, because we are going to take a market-by-market approach in the United States and we’d have a hybrid in the United States between couriers and package handlers. But it's a very important step for us in Canada, it reduces our cost by about $100 million and importantly improves our portfolio and service differentiation. Thanks for the question, Allison.
Operator: The next question will come from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes, hi, thanks. You sort of gave some parameters for the EPS range, $16.50 to $18.50, and mentioned in the second-half, what it would mean if the macro, sort of, accelerated in terms of the revenue side, but I'm sort of curious, as you think about the first-half of the fiscal year and the second-half of the year, as a way to give a sense maybe at the midpoint, the proportion of EBIT in both halves, because I suspect that it's more of a second-half acceleration with the costs in the economy? Thanks.
Mike Lenz: Sure, Jordan, this is Mike. So let me break that down to a couple of elements. First, the demand projection we're talking about for the second-half of the year would be relative to what we have been currently experiencing, so that's the degree of uncertainty there in terms of how that flows going to the back half of the year. In the front half of the year, keep in mind that the significant inflection that we saw last year was very late in the first quarter, with that most pronounced at Express. So, we will be lapping that for the first quarter, and in addition, the trail-off in Freight volume accelerate into the mid to upper teens later in the calendar year as well, but largely in the falls when that started, so you got to think about the first quarter considerations there as you put the whole year together and our modeling. But in terms of the outlook overall, we're not projecting any material inflection in the demand environment to get to that point there that you've referenced.
Operator: The next question will come from Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jon Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. Mike, just sticking with you on slide 17, the $300 million of revenue, net of cost increases, is there any way to break down how much of that is volume versus price? And if it is more kind of price-driven, the $2.7 billion of variable cost that you took out this year, how much do you have added back in fiscal '24?
Mike Lenz: All right. Jon, let me take a swing at that here. So look the way we have framed this is that our expectation is for continued, but moderating underlying inflation. So what we illustrated here in this midpoint scenario is positive contribution beyond inflation amidst a muted demand growth scenario. Then obviously on top of that the DRIVE savings are greater than the nonrecurring headwind. So, again, as Brie mentioned, we'll see moderating volume declines as we move through the year here, but at the same time, the degree of yield increases that we saw last year are not going to continue into this year.
Operator: The next question will come from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, good evening. Thanks for taking the question. For Brie, can you just talk about any plans of financial structure trade-down in this uncertain environment? You mentioned one customer making a change, I think it was within U.S. Air freight, I believe it was? And then relatedly, can you just talk about, if you're seeing any diversions from UPS network that might be driving some of those month-on-month incremental gains in terms of Ground and Express. Thank you.
Brie Carere: Okay, I think I got all that Brian. I think you got a couple of questions. Let's start with the last part first, so I think the question was, are we seeing any benefit from the UPS labor negotiation, so the short answer is, in Q4 we did not see any material benefit because of those discussions and we have not planned for any benefit moving into fiscal year ‘24. What I can tell you is that this has opened a lot of doors. We're having a lot of great conversations with legacy UPS customers and we feel really strong -- we feel really good about the sales pipeline because of the strong value proposition we have versus our primary competitor. I think the other question was about the mix and are we seeing any customers make trades within the portfolio where we're seeing that most pronounced and we have plan for it, to Mike's point, it's in our range accounted for is in Asia. Obviously, capacity has come back relative to demand, and we did reopen our IE product in the fourth quarter, that has performed well, and actually I'm really pleased with the performance that I'm seeing from the Asia-Pacific team and their sales pipeline, but that's where we've seen the biggest shift.
Operator: The next question will come from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Okay, great, thank you for taking my question. So, I guess maybe if I could a two-parter here, the guidance itself, I think the bottom-end, Mike, if the way you described it, if I understood it correctly, contemplates the operating environment remains as it is right now, if we were to see things deteriorate in terms of just underlying customer demand, is the company prepared to maybe pull forward some of the DRIVE savings from FY '25 into FY '24, is that even really possible at this point, if you maybe you could talk about that? And then for Brie for the second part of the question is the $800 million of International Export yield pressure that you guys are going to be seeing this year, is that going to fully capture sort of getting back to sort of pre-COVID levels there? Again, thanks for the two-parter, but would appreciate the effect.
Mike Lenz: Hi, Jack, will give you a special pass then. On the low end there, I characterize that's flattish revenue year-over-year. So that would be the low-end of our expectation, but in terms of how we navigate and manage through that, the flexibility that Raj mentioned too that we are incorporating into the network is allowing us to then react to that and adjust and again point to the tremendous progress we've made and the results you've seen at Ground in the last few quarters of material volume declines, get improved margins and profitability, and you saw in the last quarter here Express is mitigating the flow-through from the reduced demand. So we will move with great urgency should it be below our range of expectations.
Raj Subramaniam: And let me just jump in before I turn it on to Brie here, so it's a simple one, two, three formula. At 1%, we are at the low-end of the range; at 2%, we're in the middle; at 3%, we are at the higher-end of the range in terms of revenue growth. Now, to go beyond that, we become non-linear in terms of significant operational leverage, so, yes, DRIVE is working and we have flexibility to pull additional levers as we need to. Brie?
Brie Carere: Thanks, Raj. So, Jack, the short answer is yes, that we have planned for the $800 million impact this fiscal year and then as we lap that impact, we will be able to build back from there, so the short answer is yes.
Operator: The next question will come from Chris Wetherbee with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Hi, maybe just on the $1.2 billion cost savings, can we just understand the timing of that as we go through fiscal '24? How much that comes, I guess in 1Q or in the first-half, and how much should be spread out over the rest of the year?
Mike Lenz: Sure, Chris, this is Mike. The $1.8 billion, it is a sequential build, as we go through, we continue with the discipline and rigor of the DRIVE framework. So, as certain things are implemented during the year, we won't get the full run-rate of that, because there is a continuous flow of initiatives. So it will be least amount of that $1.8 billion will be in the first quarter and build as we go through the year and then that gives us the run-rate momentum then to get to the $4 billion fully by FY '25.
Operator: The next question will come from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Yes, thank you, and good afternoon. Raj, I think in your prepared remarks you said that you've already transitioned something like 20 markets to One FedEx operation, but not every market is the same. Can you elaborate on that a little bit and how this hybrid model going to work in the States, where you do have overlapping contractors and potentially employee drivers? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, Brandon, the markets that we have transitioned over are, we're in Alaska, we're working through Hawaii, and certain other markets in Minneapolis, so we have learned a lot in this process from technology, from facilities and people. And the hybrid model is that in some markets, we will have couriers and in some markets, we have a -- we have contractors, so those things will be determined, they will air-driven and they will work-through with our people first -- PPSP philosophy and they will, as I said, because this is going to take a little bit of time as we told you, but glad we're making the progress we're making already. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good afternoon. So, Raj, if I take a look at what happened last kind of August-September that outcome was quite a bit different than you expected, I think your international fell off quite a bit, maybe some other things, and I think the way you guided looking forward, if we look at your results in November quarter and February quarter, you set a bar that was achievable, maybe you just executed a little better? How do you think about the guidance that you're giving us for fiscal '24? You've talked about the different macro assumptions in revenue, but is there some element of having a conservative bar, where you could potentially do better on cost or maybe pricing comes in a bit better, just kind of reflecting what seem to be a pattern of giving yourself a little bit of room to overachieve in the last couple of quarters? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Tom, firstly, I may say this much, as I said in my prepared remarks, this is the first time in history of FedEx that's in the FedEx Ground where the volumes declined and our operating margin expanded. So clearly this is beyond just flexing for volume and we have -- this is really DRIVE taking effect as well. So this is -- we're just very, very pleased with how John and his team is performing in Ground, and by the way I'll give kudos to the Express team and Richard's team as well, as we have started to see significant improvement in the fourth quarter. To your question about the macro. So when we talked in September, we pointed to three things. We said that the industrial economy was slowing down and because of inflation, interest rates, and slowdown in global trade, we said that the consumer spending was shifting to services versus goods. And then thirdly, there was an e-commerce reset coming out of -- coming out of the pandemic. Well, all those three things happened and they were detrimental to volume for the whole industry, so I mean roughly the same revenue performance on the calendar quarter that is comparable across the sector. If you look ahead here, at this point, the one and two are basically along the same lines we have seen in the last few months. I think on the e-commerce side, we expect to see growth now. I think the reset is probably complete and e-commerce is going to grow into the next calendar -- sorry, the next -- this FY ‘24 timeframe. So, we're watching this very carefully. The visibility, especially in the second-half is very difficult, given the dynamic circumstances we are seeing. We will see how the industrial production goes. We'll see how GDP and trade goes, and we'll follow the inventory stocking and inventory to sales ratio very carefully, and -- but at the end of the day, we are focused on the things we can control. We made a determination that we are going to come out of this stronger than we went in and exactly what we're doing and I'm very, very pleased with the way we are executing DRIVE. So sorry for the long answer, Tom, but I thought I want to give you a full perspective there.
Mike Lenz: And Tom, this is Mike, I want to just amplify one aspect there as well to just highlight, we talked about Ground and the progress of the numbers there, but there has been tremendous progress at Express amidst the headwinds here. So you ask about the guidance broadly, but keep in mind all $800 million of that, international headwind is at Express, as a non-recurring headwind, a significant component of the variable compensation is at Express. And the domestic freight headwind that Brie alluded to earlier, that's about $400 million, right there as a headwind in '24, so despite all of that, through the discipline and rigor of DRIVE, and a muted demand environment, we are projecting up margins at Express in '24. So again, just to reiterate, we're looking at this very thoughtfully and are planning to adapt to any further changes in the environment.
Operator: The next question will come from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great, Mike, if I can just follow-up on a couple of thoughts there. Your thoughts on the scale of improvement at Express, can you reach mid-single-digit, is there a kind of a range as you'd put within the target same at Ground? Is that going to reach double-digits, if we're going up and then magnitude at Freight margin if you're looking at declining expectations, and then I guess within that, any thoughts on Europe and TNT integration within that Express category? Thanks.
Mike Lenz: That was a lot. Certainly, like I said, we will see margin improvements at Express and at Ground in ‘24. Freight will definitely will see some margin pressure there, so I'm going to leave it at that. The Freight will mitigate, like I said earlier, we will see the largest margin pressure at Freight in Q1 and that will mitigate as we move through the year. Similarly, I would expect the Express margin improvement to improve to a greater degree beyond Q1, as well as we move through the year. So I'll leave it at that. As it relates to Europe, we are absolutely -- as a component of that Express improvement projecting improved profitability in Europe, keep in mind that within the DRIVE domains, we've identified $600 million of value that we will realize from the Europe initiatives there. So we will absolutely see progress on that in ‘24 and going forward.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks, good afternoon. So, Raj, in one of the earlier answers, you basically said one, two, three, right, for the earnings sensitivity and revenue sensitivity. So that's basically every billion of revenue gets you an extra dollar of earnings, is that the right sensitivity to think about just longer-term beyond just this year as Freight eventually recovers? And then just separately, the $5.7 billion of CapEx this year, how much is included in aircraft? I just want to get a sense of what the CapEx could look like in a couple years when we're spending a lot less on planes. Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Okay. Scott, so first on the aircraft CapEx, we came in at about $1.7 billion in ‘23, about $1.5 billion for ‘24, slightly lower than that in ‘25 and then as Raj said approximately below that even into ‘26, so that's the aircraft component of it.
Raj Subramaniam: And Scott, on the one, two, three, I just wanted to keep the math straight-forward here, it's simple one, two, three formula, but the point I wanted to make also is that, as it accelerates beyond that, then the curve becomes non-linear. As you know, we have significant operating leverage. I think you are the one who called it, opening the jaws of the crocodile then that's kind of what's going to happen.
Operator: The next question will come from Conor Cunningham with Melius Research. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hey, everyone, thank you. Just on the ‘24 revenue assumption, I'm a little confused on how that will work with export yield pressure. It just seems like the other lever is going to be volumes in general. Just to be super clear, are you assuming a year-over-year increase in '24 at the midpoint? Just any help there would be great. Thank you.
Brie Carere: So, Conor, yes, so the assumption at the midpoint as Raj just mentioned would be 2% revenue growth. And as you think about the build-back from a revenue perspective, it's important to note, I think Mike mentioned earlier, in the U.S. domestic, as we get late into Q1, early Q2, you will see volumes, Domestic, Express, and Ground parcel get to flat and then we do anticipate they will build-back from there. FedEx Freight will lag that slightly because, as Mike talked about the impact leg, and then when we get into our international business, the 800 is really yield impact. We are anticipating to build back some volume in our international business this year and again that will happen throughout the year. So that's, yes, 2% is the midpoint, volumes will start to build back throughout the year.
Operator: The next question will come from Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. Brie, I just want to follow-up on that if I can. You gave your range of outcomes, but we do have higher interest rates, credit cards, I know there's been a lot of chatter about school loans being paid later this year and that may be a negative for holiday season and e-commerce? As you look around the world, let me phrase it differently than you've been answering, where are potential green shoots starting to show up in your network or reasons for optimism, and where are we seeing let's forget the international yields, but more in terms of activity that you're seeing out there incremental red.
Brie Carere: Yes, absolutely, it's a fair question. So we planned right now for flattish to single -- low-single revenue growth and that's really basically on the backdrop of the economy that we're experiencing right now. We're all watching the consumer, as Raj talked about, we are still seeing consumer strengths here in the United States, but we are seeing an e-commerce reset. So from a green shoots perspective, one of the things that we're going to be looking at is that e-commerce growth, it's sitting at 7% to 8%, it's important to note our percentage of that is closer to 2% to 3%, because we don't play in grocery and obviously within that 7% to 8% is also, buy online, pickup in-store, so we will be keeping an eye on that consumer strength here in the United States and would love to see, as we head into peak, a little bit of a different shift. We have not seen that yet, but we'll be watching for it. And then the other thing, from an Asia perspective is we're going to watch closely on Asia reopening. We haven't seen significant uptick there, but if that happens to Roger's point, that will absolutely be a tailwind for us. And then, honestly, our own execution in Europe. I'm really pleased with the service that the European team is delivering. We've got some green shoots in the domestic markets in Europe and we're working that really, really hard from an operations and a sales perspective. So there are definitely some green shoots we're working on.
Operator: The next question will come from Helane Becker with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks, operator. Hi, team. So, easy questions. I think the pilots are rolling on a new contract and I'm wondering if the cost increase associated with that is included in the guidance. And the other part of the question is as you reach higher, your older aircraft, are you also retiring pilots or is there an excess of pilots?
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Helane, a couple of questions there. So first, as it relates to the aspects of the pilot tentative agreement there, a component of that is a payment upon implementation. So we've previously accrued for that date of signing payment there. And then within the guidance here, we have the FY '24 scale increases and then within the pension figures I gave earlier, that incorporates the considerations as it relates to that as well. So that's fully incorporated into the outlook there. And as we mentioned earlier, we're expecting to park 29 additional aircraft during the year, nine of which will be permanently retired.
Operator: The next question will come from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good afternoon. I'm going to keep it on the airplanes. Just curious on freight, if you could kind of frame the answer in where you were a year ago, where you are now, and where you anticipate being in a quarter or two with regard to taking out flights, Trans-Pacific, Trans-Atlantic, Asia, Europe? If we could just get an update on that for what you've done and what may come going forward? Thanks.
Mike Lenz: Scott, look, as Raj mentioned, flight hours were down 12% in the fourth quarter, which is greater than the volume decline, so we've taken significant flying out of the network. We've said that that was anticipated once the supply-demand constraints were eased and so that is the decision to then retire these aircrafts because we continue to reduce the Trans-Pacific and Trans-Atlantic flying to match demand, and we'll continue to lean into that as well as utilizing the flexibility of capacity in the market.
Operator: The next question will come from David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, thanks for fitting me in here. So, Mike, in the scenarios you've outlined for us, is there a scenario where margins on a consolidated basis don't get better on an adjusted basis in 2023 or are we looking for margin expansion? And then, Brie, as you think about the large customer change in behavior, I assume we're talking about the post office, are we expecting more of that priority mail revenue to decline given what [DeJoy] (ph) said publicly around the desire to Ground some of that traffic, and then how do we think about that sort of in connection with that your desire also to kind of reduce the fly network a bit.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, I mean, David, the short answer is we're projecting margin improvement with the outcomes here that we have highlighted and specific drivers within that.
Brie Carere: Yes, the customer we are talking about is the United States Postal Service. Obviously, we've had a long and productive and profitable relationship with the post office, you're correct. Their 10-year strategic plan is to track more volume and fly less, so to Mike's point earlier, we have accounted for that in this year's fiscal range. We are committed to meeting the service obligations in that contract, which does end in September 2024 and so we've accounted for that headwind. At that point, it will become a tailwind as we either renegotiate or we will adjust our network accordingly.
Operator: The next question will come from Stephanie Moore with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Joseph Hafling: Great. Good evening. This is actually Joe Hafling on for Stephanie. Thanks for squeezing me at the end. I'll keep it to one. My question is maybe for Mike, it's a bit in the weeds, looking at Ground operating profit expansion, purchased transportation costs are obviously down big year-over-year at 40%, I think it's the lowest percent of revenue in 10-years or something with the softer macro, so how should we think about PT, particularly in the context of a volume rebound and the need to maybe source third-party capacity if the macro improves, especially as more cost are coming out of the network? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Okay, Joe, well, in my remarks I mentioned how one of the drivers of the margin expansion and cost control at Ground was lower linehaul expense. So we moved a lot of high-cost ad hoc external linehaul spend into our scheduled network as we optimize that and lower rates on the plan linehaul purchased transportation, so again, it's all part of the broader optimization of the network holistically, both pickup and delivery, linehaul, as well as the sorting facility operations.
Operator: The next question will come from Bruce Chan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Hey, thanks and good evening, and congrats Mike on the retirement. Just wanted to ask about the LTL side, since we haven't talked about it too much. You recently had a large competitor announced some material solvency concerns and I just wanted to see what the playbook here is if we do see a major competitor exit, would you rethink some of the facility closures and furloughs at that point or even just the stronger-than-expected LTL market?
Mike Lenz: Sure and thanks for that, Bruce. But yes, on the LTL side, look, you've seen how fast the team reacted to declining volume environment earlier in the year and we still we're expanding margins that accelerated, so that was more challenging. So, look, we will continue to look to optimize the facilities. It's a holistic perspective, so the 29 facilities, were smaller ones that weren't the most efficient, so as we lean into what could be a demand recovery, that volume could be accommodated within the larger facilities and that just has that much more incremental contribution as and when that comes back.
Operator: And the final question will come from Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Mike, I know there's a lot of questions on the long-term 12-month period, that's hard, I get it, but maybe help us calibrate expectations for the near-term, do you expect Express and Ground profit to be up in the next quarter? I know their seasonality, but the question, there's obviously DRIVE savings? And then, Raj, the decision to go external for the CEO search that obviously wasn't lost upon me that external criteria, that's a big deal for FedEx, obviously and I'm wondering if you can talk about what your -- what the Board -- what you're trying to achieve there in terms of hiring somebody from the outside, which really hasn't happened before for such a senior position. Thank you.
Mike Lenz: All right. This is Mike. So first, I'll reiterate, as I mentioned earlier, freight margins will be down for the year and that will be most pronounced in Q1. And at Express, as we saw the significant inflection in demand very late in the first quarter of last year. so Express will see this smallest year-over-year margin change in Q1 relative to the rest of the year, so I'll leave it at that and go from there.
Raj Subramaniam: And Amit, yes, first of all, let me again thank Mike for just incredible work over the last 18-years and particularly in the last three and we have a fantastic finance team and a great organization. From our succession planning, we are looking at somebody who has deep financial expertise, but also strong operational capabilities, and help lead FedEx through our DRIVE transformation program. So again, thank you for your question.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, operator. Before we close, I want to give Mike an opportunity to say a few words.
Mike Lenz: Thank you, Raj, the last 18-years at FedEx has been a tremendous experience and it was my great honor to serve as CFO for the last three years. Who would have known when I was named at this position in March of 2020, what we in the world we're about to face, but this team rose to the occasion again and again through many obstacles and we are now well-positioned for the future. I want to express my gratitude to the entire FedEx team and the finance team, in particular, for their dedication throughout all of the change. To Fred and Raj for their vision and leadership, and most importantly, to my wife, Jane, and our sons for their support along the way. I've also valued the engagement with this audience, ensuring the exciting plans and bright future for FedEx. As I start my next chapter, I leave knowing that FedEx is in a strong position. I couldn't ask for any more than that. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Mike. In closing, I also want to thank our team members for their hard work and dedication as we build the world's smartest logistics network. We made tremendous progress on our transformation efforts in fiscal year '23 and the team is already moving with urgency as we enter fiscal year '24. We know there's significant opportunity ahead and I'm confident in our ability to continue to execute. Thank you very much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-03-16 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. Currently all callers have being placed in a listen-only mode. And following management’s prepared remarks the call will be opened up for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations at FedEx. Thank you. Sir, you may begin.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation’s third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website, where the replay and slides will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the investor relations portion of our website at fedex.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. We are hosting a DRIVE Update meeting in New York City on April 5th. If you have not yet received your invitation, please call or email me or anyone on the Investor Relations team. For those who are not able to attend the meeting in person, this meeting will also be webcast. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and CEO; Mike Lenz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Brie Carere, Executive Vice President, Chief Customer Officer. And now Raj will share his views on the quarter.
Raj Subramaniam: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks to the hard work of the FedEx team, our third quarter earnings were ahead of our expectations in what remains a challenged demand environment. The team delivered outstanding service throughout and following peak despite significant weather disruptions across the United States. Importantly, our third quarter results also reflect our continued progress on the fundamental transformation of FedEx as we moved with urgency to realign our cost structure. Our cost reduction actions supported margin expansion at both ground and freight, but have not yet fully offset the impact of continued pressures at Express. Results at Express came in below where they need to be and below the potential we know exists in this business. We’re committed to addressing these cost imbalances, and we will be taking further actions in the coming months, including a more pronounced readjustment of the air network. Because of the magnitude of changes, we are planning across our air network and our continued need to maintain high service levels, there’s a lag in the timing of expense adjustments. We expect to see sequential progress in the fourth quarter. Overall, our efficiency efforts are gaining traction ahead of schedule. And I’m pleased that this translates into an improved earnings outlook for fiscal year ‘23. Now turning to slide 6 for a snapshot of the quarter. Volumes declined by a low double digit percentage across all segments partially offset by higher yields at Ground, U.S. Domestic Express and Freight. This led to a year-over-year revenue decline. While revenue fell across all segments, the decrease was most pronounced at Express. Adjusted operating margins and EPS declined year-over-year as volume softness was partially offset by higher yields and cost reduction actions. Last quarter, we shared our expectation for continued pressures from lower volume and inflation. But what is also embedded in these results and what I’m seeing firsthand every day are tangible signs of the fundamental transformation happening at FedEx through DRIVE. We are right sizing our cost base to match today’s realities and creating a more efficient and agile network. We’re not simply taking out cost, we are simultaneously focused on running our business more efficiently, flexibly and profitably, which will create significant value for our stockholders in the years to come. I’m particularly pleased with the progress we’re seeing in ground. The team has taken aggressive actions to address its cost structure and has effectively mitigated volume pressures. One of the key drivers at Ground was the ability to manage staffing levels and associated expenses, which resulted in reduced salaries, benefits and purchase transfers -- transportation costs. Combined, these expenses were down 8% year-over-year. Despite the dynamic environment, Ground continued to deliver for its customers during peak with an average time in transit of approximately 2 days, compared to 2.35 days in fiscal year 2022. In aggregate, these initiatives led to a modest increase in cost per package of 1%, despite 11% volume declines, and total operating expenses were down $345 million year-over-year. When combined with our continued focus on revenue quality, total operating income was up 32% year-over-year and operating margin of 9.7% that improved 240 basis points year-over-year. Freight has also illustrated disciplined commitment to profitable growth, revenue quality and managing cost of volumes. The team continues to execute cost reduction actions in this regard. Beyond day-to-day management of variable costs, the Freight team is temporarily parking and selling equipment to right size the fleet and reduce future maintenance costs. The team is also limiting hiring and furloughing employees to match staffing with volume levels. We’re taking the relevant learnings from this proven Freight model and implementing them at both Ground and Express. Total operating expense at Freight was down 6%, supporting 270 basis points of margin expansion in the quarter. Importantly, our cost initiatives did not compromise the consistent outstanding service levels delivered by the Freight team. Turning to slide 7. We have made significant progress in taking costs out of our network with $1.2 billion in year-over-year cost savings in the third quarter. We are highly focused on taking permanent costs out of the system and remain on track to generate permanent savings of $1 billion this fiscal year relative to plan. Last month, we announced a streamlined reporting structure that will reduce the size of our officer and director team by more than 10%. We will continue to aggressively manage headcount including attrition to align our teams with the network changes underway. By the end of this fiscal year, we expect U.S. headcount to be down roughly 25,000 year-over-year. At Express our cost base is constrained in the short-term, where Express network is vast and complex and requires time to adjust to changing demand conditions. Therefore, we’re taking additional steps to address our fixed expense structure. This quarter, we reduced flight hours by 8% and salary and benefit expenses by 4%. We also parked an additional nine aircraft, downgauged on certain routes and implemented various productivity improvements. As a result of these actions, we mitigated 45% of total revenue declines on an adjusted basis. This was significant improvement versus the first half. Within the U.S. Domestic Express, we implemented a single daily dispatch of couriers in February. This change removes domestic pickup and delivery routes, improves hub and ramp efficiency. We expect this will achieve about $50 million in savings in Q4 and ramp up to about $300 million annual savings by fiscal 2024. We expect progress to accelerate in the fourth quarter with total flight hours expected to be down double digits and further FTE reductions by year-end. This will support mid to high single digit reductions in total expenses year-over-year at Express. We also plan to temporarily park additional aircraft in the fourth quarter. With continued cost discipline, we anticipate sequential operating margin improvement in the mid single digits for the fourth quarter. Assuming the challenging demand environment persists in Q4, we expect to be able to mitigate at least 60% of the revenue related headwinds we’re facing at Express. This supports improved profitability in the fourth quarter compared to the third. We will build profitability from here at Express. Before we dive into the financial results in more detail, I’ll provide a quick update on DRIVE, the program to support our transformation to create a more nimble, efficient and profitable FedEx. We are on track to deliver $4 billion of permanent cost reduction by the end of fiscal 2025. I’m very pleased with the progress the team has made in identifying actions that will not only reduce costs but make our network more agile and flexible as we execute Network 2.0. One part of this effort, as shown on slide 8, is to reconfigure our air network. This requires many steps, including plans currently being developed to phase out our fleet of MD-11s. Our aircraft modernization program and use of 777s and 767s affords us the ability to flex our plans. And as we operate more collaboratively, we are leaning into the ground transportation more, requiring less CapEx while enabling us to reconfigure our network more quickly. This directly supports our goal for meaningful ROIC improvement in the coming years. We’re excited to share more about the strategy at our DRIVE program update on April 5th. There, we will focus on the actions we are taking to improve our performance, along with additional information to help you better model the impact on our progress. Now, let me turn it over to our Chief Customer Officer, Brie Carere, who will discuss market trends and our commercial strategy in more detail. Brie?
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. As expected, the operating environment in the third quarter remains challenging. The trends we saw through the first half of the year persisted, but we started to see some moderation, and importantly, our team delivered excellence for our customers. At FedEx Ground, revenue was down 2%. The volume decline was significantly offset by a double-digit percentage yield increase driven by better product mix, fuel and large package and peak surcharges. We are very pleased with the results from the implementation of our global rate increase this past January, which has maintained a very high capture rate. At FedEx Freight, revenue was down 3%. The team’s continued execution on revenue quality actions and profitable share enabled us to offset 12% volume decline throughout the quarter. Importantly, pricing discipline across the LTL industry is strong, and we expect the market to remain rational. Revenue at FedEx Express was down 8% year-over-year, primarily due to lower volumes globally and yield softness in Asia and Europe. In Europe, we’re seeing improved operational execution with service at the best levels they have been since fiscal year ‘21. There’s more work to do but the momentum is building as our team has improved service levels while maintaining a healthy sales pipeline. Our pipeline and signed contracts are at their highest levels this fiscal year and our closes per week are at a double-digit percentage higher than they were in Q1. Additionally, having a freight and parcel bundle for our customers in Europe differentiates us from the rest of the market. In Asia, market demand is rebalancing, resulting in lower yields and softer demand for priority services. The reopening of our international economy service this May will help stabilize our volumes out of Asia, given the market’s increased shift to deferred services. Moving now to slide 11. As expected, yield growth has been increasingly pressured across segments as year-over-year fuel surcharge comparisons normalize and customer demand shift. FedEx Express international turned negative, driven primarily by Asia, with Europe also softening. U.S. Domestic Express, Ground and Freight yield growth also decelerated. Despite market headwinds, we’re pleased with the team’s ability to manage volume, share and margin at both FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight. Looking ahead, we remain prudent in our expectations for yield in the fourth quarter. Turning to slide 12. Service is always top of mind for us at FedEx. Our team delivered another busy peak season highlighted by FedEx Ground achieving pre-pandemic service levels. In fact, across the board, FedEx Ground delivers to more locations in one or two days than our nearest competitor’s ground service. I would also like to share progress we’re making at Express, where service levels improved significantly over fiscal ‘22 peak and are quickly approaching pre-pandemic service levels. While this is great progress, we know we have more to do, and we’re making -- taking meaningful action to continuously enhance our service. For example, in Europe, with the reopening of our Duiven, Netherlands road hub this past October, we have expanded capacity, enabled a more efficient routing, and we have improved our service. These improvements are a testament to our team’s ability to deliver outstanding service while we change our business. Coming out of peak, service improvement has translated into good momentum for our sales team. Jill and I are also very pleased with the market’s response to several new or enhanced offerings that further improve customer experience. First, the online FedEx Ship Manager has been fully modernized to make shipping more efficient, highly personal and easier to use for all of our customers. Our customers can cater the interface to the way of working they prefer and that fits their business. Customer feedback has been very positive, and we’re finding that the more customers engage with Ship Manager, the more they appreciate it. FedEx Ship Manager is the primary tool for small business customers, and we plan to migrate 98% of all parcel shippers to this new experience before next peak. Next, we launched picture proof of delivery ahead of peak season, making us the first to market with this great capability. It has fulfilled a key customer need, driving confidence around successful package deliveries. Benefits from this launch include fewer delivery disputes and fewer customer service calls post proof of delivery. We are winning new business because of this unique feature. We have also continued to build out our dynamic pricing infrastructure with our Dataworks team. In peak, our dynamic pricing capability enabled holiday peak residential surcharges to adjust dynamically based on individual customers’ weekly peaking factor, delivering $150 million in profit. In the coming fiscal year, our predictive anomaly detection will improve revenue quality. We have already built infrastructure that helps us identify instances when we have overbilled our customers. Now, we will use those same capabilities to better manage customer performance and contract compliance. Finally, in January, we rolled out new visibility insights in 13 countries, providing customers with a four-hour time window for their package delivery. By delivering these innovative solutions, our teams are creating great value enhancing the overall customer experience. Now, I will turn it over to Mike to discuss the financials in more detail.
Mike Lenz: Thank you, Brie. Starting with our performance in the third quarter. We delivered earnings ahead of our expectations as our team moved with urgency to align our costs with lower revenue as global volumes remain under pressure. Turning to the transportation segments. At Ground, operating income increased 32% and operating margin expanded 240 basis points to 9.7%. Margin expansion was supported by both, yield growth of 11% and cost reduction actions. These factors were partially offset by lower package volume, higher infrastructure costs related to previously committed projects and increased other operating expenses. And at Freight, the team’s focus on revenue quality and managing costs drove better profitability as operating income increased 15% and margins expanded 270 basis points. This was driven by revenue per shipment, up 11%, as well as a gain on a facility sale and partially offset by decreased shipments. At Express, our results continue to be pressured, and our team is acutely focused on driving improved profitability. Adjusted operating income declined 81% due to 10% lower package volumes as cost reductions lagged volume declines. Volume pressures were partially offset by improved yields. Revenue per package grew 3% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher fuel surcharges and base rates, partially offset by exchange rate impacts. Yield growth decelerated and inflected negatively in international export, increasing pressure on profitability. Despite our performance in the third quarter, due to the actions we are taking in Express, we expect to see sequential operating profit and margin improvement in the fourth quarter. To provide additional color on recent demand trends and what we are planning for in our outlook, slide 17 shows trailing monthly volume trends for our major product categories. Volume declines continued throughout the quarter. While still negative, U.S. Domestic Express, International Priority and Ground Package trends improved somewhat into February on a sequential basis. As we look to the fourth quarter, we expect volume declines to continue moderating at Express and Ground as we lap the onset of softer volumes. Yield growth will be pressured as year-over-year fuel surcharge comparisons normalize and customer demand shifts, most prominently in Asia. Moving to slide 18. Our focus on efficient and responsible capital allocation has not wavered. We are in an era of lower capital intensity at FedEx. Last fiscal year, CapEx was 7.2% of revenue, down from our historical levels of roughly 8%. By fiscal year ‘25, our commitment is to be at 6.5% or lower. As I mentioned in December, we reduced our fiscal year ‘23 capital spend forecast to $5.9 billion, which is approximately a $900 million reduction from initial plans for the year to account for the lower demand environment. We are prudently deferring and slowing the pace of projects, improving our capacity utilization and planning for moderated aircraft fleet investment to drive ROIC improvements. In line with this approach, we expect capital spend to be roughly flat in fiscal 2024 versus fiscal 2023 and be down as a percentage of revenue. Turning to liquidity. Our cash position remains a source of strength. We ended the quarter with $5.4 billion in cash and continue to generate solid cash flows, which supports our capital return strategy. We remain committed to rewarding our stockholders as we transform our business and execute on our long-term strategy. In fiscal year ‘23, we will return $2.7 billion to our stockholders. In summary, our capital allocation strategy reflects our commitment to reducing capital intensity and creating value for stockholders while continuing to reinvest in FedEx for today and tomorrow. Turning to slide 19. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we expect market conditions to continue to negatively impact revenue and operating profit. However, on a sequential basis, we expect FedEx’s fourth quarter results to follow our historical seasonal pattern, representing the high watermark on the year. We will continue to execute on the previously identified cost actions and identify additional opportunities to reduce costs in order to mitigate the impact of volume declines on our operating results. As part of these reductions, we will manage capacity to lower demand levels, including further reducing flight hours at Express and reducing Sunday operations, closing certain sort operations and taking other line-haul expense actions at Ground. We are executing targeted actions to reduce shared and allocated overhead expenses, reducing vendor utilization, deferring certain technology projects and discontinuing same-day city operations at FedEx Office. In addition, we expect to achieve savings related to further headcount attrition and the elimination of certain global officer and director positions, which we announced in February. Putting these factors together, our updated expectation for full year adjusted earnings is $14.60 to $15.20 per diluted share. And with that, let’s open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: Hey. Great. Good afternoon. And great job on pulling some of the costs forward. Maybe Mike or Raj, maybe talk a little bit about that sequential improvement. You’re talking about a seasonal improvement, but I mean, you normally have that. And Mike, you mentioned you’d normally have that seasonal improvement in the fourth quarter. So, I’m trying to understand, are you muting that expectation, or are you ramping that expectation into the fourth quarter given the additional cost pull forward than what we would normally see between a fiscal third and fourth quarter? If you can kind of walk through maybe some of those detailed cost pullouts and the impact for the quarter.
Mike Lenz: Sure. Thanks, Ken. So, as Brie highlighted, for the fourth quarter, we continue to project a lower level of demand, and that just heightens the emphasis of further traction on the cost initiatives. So Express, in particular, we’ll realize greater savings from the initiatives that we’ve highlighted, and that will drive to the mid-single-digit margin projection there. At Ground, we also expect -- we expect margin improvement at Ground, but not the same magnitude that we realized in the third quarter. And then, lastly, at Freight, we had an exceptional fourth quarter last year, and we’re projecting strong performance in the fourth quarter this year as well, but we’re not anticipating building upon that near term given the volume declines there. So hopefully, that puts it in context further for you there thinking ahead.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Chris Wetherbee of Citigroup.
Chris Wetherbee: Maybe just picking back up on the Express commentary for fiscal 4Q. So, I think mid- to high single-digit year-over-year decline in total expenses for Express would probably put us kind of flattish sequentially. So, maybe you could just sort of help us a little bit with the revenue dynamic. I think, Mike, you talked about volume declines moderating as you went through the third quarter. Any thoughts on maybe how to think about the fourth quarter? I know it’s still a challenging environment, but trying to triangulate a little bit with some of the numbers you’ve given us to -- on the revenue side there.
Brie Carere: Sure. Happy to help, Chris. It’s Brie. From a volume decline perspective, what we anticipate seeing in Q4 is that the decline will get less. So sequentially, the volumes will improve from Q3 to Q4. And actually, when we’re thinking about Express, we think that trend will continue into Q1 as well. That is here in the U.S., but also from an international perspective, as we talked about, we’re going to open up international economy. So, we do think that the volume decline will moderate Q4 over Q3 as well as Q1 over Q4. And again, I am talking about that decline year-over-year. I hope that helps, Chris.
Operator: Our next question is from Jack Atkins of Stephens.
Jack Atkins: So I guess, as we think about the DRIVE initiatives here, is there any way you can help us maybe frame up how much of that -- of the $4 billion in savings have been implemented so far in terms of those actions. And then, I guess, as you sort of think forward, obviously, there’s a lot of uncertainty out there from a macro perspective. Are you prepared to pull more levers to be able to take costs out of the business if we start to see a further deterioration in the demand environment?
Mike Lenz: Okay. Jack, this is Mike. So, think about DRIVE as the framework of how we approach the business and running a more flexible and efficient operation across the board. So within that that has enabled us to move quicker here than we anticipated coming into the quarter in terms of our cost initiatives, and is also foundational to the $4 billion of structural cost reductions that we’ve identified. So, if you think about the structural cost reductions, that’s operative irrespective of the demand environment. So think of that as moving the same traffic with less assets and resources. So, we look forward to giving further updates on the progress and details of the various domains within DRIVE on April 5th.
Operator: Our next question is from Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: I was wondering if you could give a little more color on the cost takeout sort of for the balance of the year. I think the slides had it at around $2.4 billion. I think the total is something like $3.7 billion, with $1 billion being permanent. Can you maybe give some update around that? And is there a way to get a sense for how much so far can be attributable to the Express business in terms of cost takeout, maybe the permanent -- at least the permanent side? Thanks.
Mike Lenz: So okay, Jordan, the -- yes, we will -- the $1 billion of permanent that Raj alluded to, we will realize that this year. The bulk of that is at Express, and we will see more traction on that, particularly in Q4 here. We’ve highlighted the flight frequencies that we’ve been reducing. We have -- we had -- as Raj said, we had nine more aircraft parked during the third quarter, and we’re projecting to park six more during the fourth quarter. So, that is illustrative of the takedowns and reductions underway there. And then also another component of the $1 billion, was taking out investments in that and initiatives and projects that we don’t anticipate picking up.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Wadewitz of UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. And also strong execution on the cost side, right? It’s good to see it coming through the numbers. On the Ground side, I know you’ve given us good information on the call, but just wondered if you could dig into things a bit further of -- within the quarter, what was the most important drivers of improvement. It seems like purchase -- both purchase transportation and your comp and benefits were down quite a bit. And then -- so what were the biggest levers in those? And then, I think it was a year ago or a while back, we were talking about labor shortages and the sorts really being a factor. Presumably, you had adequate labor. How much of that was a factor in the Ground improvement as well? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Yes, Tom, you hit it very directly there because it indeed was the case that last year was very challenging in terms of the circumstances with the labor market in that. So, I certainly would highlight in the third quarter that Ground did an extraordinary job of flexing down resources following peak there. So, that was definitely a key element of the improvement there in the third quarter. That won’t be as big of a tailwind in the fourth quarter, given the dynamic that you highlighted there. But again, multiple dimensions within the ground operation of efficiency across the network within the docks and the facilities, line haul as well as pickup and delivery. So again, good progress there, and more to come.
Operator: Our next question is from Jon Chappell of Evercore ISI.
Jon Chappell: Brie, there’s a lot of focus on the cost for obvious reasons, but to have the service levels back to pre-pandemic levels, to have the transit time down to two days amid all these cost cuts is a bit surprising. Is that just lack of density on the network because of some of the volume issues? And how do you think about hitting a macro tailwind, getting some volume back in this new cost structure, the ability to maintain these service levels going forward?
Brie Carere: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jon. I actually don’t think it’s surprising. This is getting back to what we do best. We have been known historically for our customer experience and for our service. And we know when the network is running, it’s most productive. Service actually moves with productivity. So, I feel really good about it. I absolutely think that it is sustainable. And in fact, we’re going to continue to do better from a service perspective. So, this is what we said we would do. This is what we knew we would do. We’ve got a little bit more work to do, but it feels really good. And I think the sales team is really loving the momentum that it’s giving them. So, I hope that helps clarify.
Operator: Our next question is from Helane Becker of TD Cowen.
Helane Becker: So, maybe, Brie, this one is for you. I think you talked a little bit about the costs and the progress that you’re making there on showing some improvement. But can you maybe parse out the difference between what you’re gaining on fuel surcharges? And what you’re gaining in the ability to actually raise price? I think you also said something about your uptake is holding out better than you thought it would or maybe holding out better than expected? Or maybe I put those words in your mouth. So, if you could just kind of talk about fuel surcharges versus price maybe there. Thank you.
Brie Carere: Yes, sure. Happy to clarify. So what we saw in Q3 from a yield perspective, obviously, from a yield growth, we were very, very pleased. From a general rate increase, the capture was really strong. In fact, in Europe, it was the highest capture that certainly I have ever seen coming out of Europe. So, I think that the global pricing team and the global sales team are doing just an outstanding job. So, we feel really good about the execution from the GRI. As we look forward into Q4 and beyond, we will see yield growth moderate, but we think the fundamentals are going to stick. The U.S. market right now, from a pricing perspective, is very rational. The team has done an excellent job of aligning price with cost. We’re getting more for peak surcharges. We’re getting large package surcharges as we should. So, we think the market is rational. We did a good job in Q3 from a capture perspective. But, of course, we will see moderation in yield growth next year as we’re just lapping really, really high increases. I hope that helps.
Operator: Our next question is from Brandon Oglenski of Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: So, Raj or Mike, I was wondering if you can give us some context around outcomes in Express this quarter. We’re seeing year-on-year margin declines kind of similar to where we had been maybe throughout the year, even though you guys are taking credit for incremental cost out. So, I know Ground and Freight looked a little bit better here, but what, I guess, is holding back Express, especially with similar volume outcomes. I guess, international yields were a little bit softer this quarter, but what else can you attribute that to? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Brandon, thanks for the question. The main issue in Express is the demand softness was most pronounced at Express. It had the highest revenue impact. You also know Express has the highest fixed cost structure. But we are making progress on the cost side. In Q1, the cost was up year-over-year, Q2 was flat. Q3, the costs are down $430 million year-over-year, and Q4 is going to get even better from there. We’re making progress on the air, as we’ve talked about before. We have -- the single daily dispatch was launched in the U.S. Domestic Express operation in February. You’ll see the full impact of that for the quarter in Q4. And then, as we look ahead, we are fundamentally going to make this network much more agile and flexible and supported by technology. And when you -- we will talk to you a little bit more about that at the April 5th meeting. Mike, I don’t know if you want anything to add to that, I think…?
Mike Lenz: No. I think that covered. Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: That covers it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: I just want to ask on the Trans-Pacific lane, I know it’s an important lane for you. Just with all the dislocations, are you seeing any sort of structural shift away from that that concerns you? Are you moving? Just any color on what you’re seeing in that market would be great. Thanks.
Brie Carere: Yes. Hey. Great question. So we absolutely are having a lot of conversations with customers. They want to diversify their supply chain over the last several years. I think it’s important to remember the primary conversation that we’re having is about Mexico, and we have a fantastic value proposition out of Mexico. So, as customers do want to diversify, we are anywhere they need to be. So, we feel really good about that. But I do want to be clear that it is a future conversation. From a magnitude perspective, we do not see any short-term large shifts that would change the position of China being the world’s manufacturer. So, I don’t think that that’s an immediate issue. I do think it’s a future issue.
Operator: Our next question is from Ariel Rosa of Credit Suisse.
Ariel Rosa: Great. Hi. Good afternoon. And again, congrats on some of the progress here on the cost savings initiatives. I wanted to ask about Express margins. So obviously, we saw them a little bit challenged this quarter, and you said that they are likely to improve sequentially going into fourth quarter. But you set this target for 8% to 9% margins by fiscal ‘25. I just wanted to understand. What’s the confidence level in achieving that? And to what extent does that depend on seeing a return in some of the volumes or maybe a stabilization in the volume declines, please?
Mike Lenz: Sure, Ariel. So certainly, as the environment has evolved here in the last 6 to 9 months, that’s heightened our emphasis on efficiency and cost initiatives to realize margin improvement and drive improved returns on invested capital. And so, the DRIVE framework is allow -- enabling us to relentlessly pursue these initiatives in a number of fronts. We talked about flexing the labor hours, the air network, the structure of the ground surface transport. So again, a lot of progress, more to go, but we’re very confident that Express can realize the full potential going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies.
Stephanie Moore: I wanted to touch a bit on, I think, the color provided today and certainly in the Q&A and just what’s going on in the Express segment is very clear and certainly more to come there. I wanted to dig in a little bit about maybe the Ground segment and trying to triangulate what has caused you to raise expectations for the full year? I mean just kind of the Ground is clearly -- you’ve made a lot of progress as noted on salary employee benefits down quite a bit, but also purchase transportation down quite a bit. So, as you look at the Ground and particularly the strong performance in the third quarter, can you kind of pinpoint in a little bit more detail what exceeded your original expectations as you look at the full year? Thanks.
Mike Lenz: Okay. Sure. Thanks, Stephanie. Well, it was a number of fronts of the efficiency side with, again, flexing down the labor hours following peak. We also had a lower surge premium for this peak relative to prior peak. So, that was a consideration as well. But broadly, the focus on utilizing the assets more efficiently and in a lower demand environment, that means certain facilities in that. We closed sorts or smaller transfer points in that. We’ve shut those down. So again, it’s just about optimizing the network across the board. It’s not -- there’s no single linchpin to that. And look, it’s very much impressive to see the progress we’ve had here when we’re also facing a headwind there from increased infrastructure costs at Ground, so that represents opportunity going forward as well on top of everything.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Group of Wolfe.
Scott Group: A couple of things I just want to clarify and then a bigger picture question. So Mike, the -- how big was the LTL gain? Your comment about less Ground improvement in Q4. Was that a year-over-year or a sequential comment? And then just bigger picture. What I want to trying to understand is how much of this $4 billion of DRIVE savings are we seeing this year, or -- and how much is incremental all starting in fiscal ‘24? And then, how much of the variable reduction should we think come back next year to offset some of that DRIVE?
Mike Lenz: Okay, Scott. So first, for the gain on the sale was roughly about $30 million at the Freight company for the facility there. And then yes, the reference for Ground was that the year-over-year improvement for the fourth quarter, we wouldn’t anticipate it to be as large as what we realized here in the third quarter. So, that’s the two freebies. On your other question, I mean, look, we are holistically adjusting the cost base on all dimensions, all areas. Every dollar is under scrutiny. So, that entails both, the adjustments for reduced volume levels across the board, and you see progress there in a number of the lines, and then gaining traction as we lean into realizing the structural reductions with DRIVE. So, we will look forward to updating further about how the various initiatives are playing out here when we see you on April 5th.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Ossenbeck of JP Morgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: So, something similar here, Mike. Can you just quantify the impact of weather, given how Express performed? I don’t know if that was large or worth quantifying. And then just to come back to DRIVE one more time, maybe level set expectations, if you could. I think, Raj, you’ve talked about how we’re going to get a lot more granular details and metrics and the work streams. I don’t think we’ve really gotten that much in the past, or at least not that consistently. So, should we expect to get that updated on a regular basis? Are we going to see benchmarks in terms of where you are now and how that’s going to roll out through the various segments in the different work streams? And how should we be thinking about that coming up here in a couple of weeks? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Okay. First, Brian, weather was roughly about a $50 million year-over-year headwind. So, if you want to put some dimensions around that. I think Raj wants to highlight what to expect here at DRIVE Day.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me just say this much. I think I’m just delighted with the sense of urgency and with what the team is working. The DRIVE program is -- creates a lot more rigor, and I’m just thrilled with the progress as the team has applied this rigor and discipline to the work at hand and look forward to showcasing them to you in just a couple of weeks here. During that update, you can expect a deeper dive onto the domains that we have identified, which is shown on this slide. We’ll show you the metrics that we’ve been tracking. And I think that will be -- it will give you a much better way for you to understand our business. And I think it’s fundamental to the transformation underway at FedEx. Thank you, Brian.
Operator: Our next question is from Bascome Majors of Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors: You generated about $1 billion of free cash flow in the first three quarters of the year on a fully burdened GAAP basis. Can you talk a little bit about with the raised EPS outlook in just 2.5 months left in the fiscal year, where do you think you’re going to come out in free cash flow for fiscal ‘23? And maybe qualify that with how much of a drag do you think you’re seeing on a cash basis for some onetime costs related to the initiatives that you’re rolling out to take structural costs out of the business? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Okay. Bascome, it’s Mike. So yes, we’ve continued to generate solid free cash flow even amidst the challenged business environment, which heightens our emphasis on capital efficiency. And you’ll see that going forward across the board. Sorry, what was the last part of your question? Oh, sorry, the onetime cost...
Bascome Majors: On what free cash flow could be. Yes.
Mike Lenz: Yes. The expenses we had that were $120 million for the third quarter. That’s the business optimization that we identified and about $180 million year-to-date.
Operator: Our next question is from Bruce Chan of Stifel.
Bruce Chan: Hey. Thanks for the time. And congratulations, everyone. Brie, I maybe just wanted to follow up on your comments about the higher capture on the GRI in Europe. I guess, I’m a little surprised by that given the softer demand environment. Can you maybe just give us a sense of what’s driving that GRI capture? Is it just having the fully integrated network now or maybe something else?
Brie Carere: Yes. Hey. It’s a very fair question. From a European perspective, I do think it’s important to remind everybody that we have a very unique value proposition in Europe. There are real stickiness with the parcel and the freight bundle. And also, our sales and our customer service team do an incredible job with very personalized and social -- or solution-oriented selling. So, for the customer base that is there, it is sticky. They value the bundle. We’ve got opportunity to take profitable share. But I think the ability to get that GRI capture really emphasizes the loyalty that we do have in that customer base and honestly, an opportunity to go take some more profitable share in Europe.
Operator: Our next question is from David Vernon of Bernstein.
David Vernon: Hey. Good afternoon. Look forward to seeing you guys in a couple of weeks. Raj or Mike, I’d like to talk -- I’d like to ask you to talk a little bit more about the fleet strategy going forward. I know you mentioned the intention to park the MD-11s. We’re running 422 trunk aircraft right now. If we were to kind of run this volume in the new fleet design, how big of an aircraft fleet would you guys have? I’m just trying to get a sense for and find some way to answer the question that I often get from investors, which is how do we underwrite lower CapEx going forward? Aren’t they just going to need to replace those 60 aircraft? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, David. Our fleet modernization strategy that we’ve been underway has allowed us to build a more agile and flexible fleet. And so, we come to a fork in the road here, are we going to see a high demand environment or a low demand environment? And the MD-11 was that flex fleet. And as we now look at the demand environment, we don’t see that high demand coming through. So, we look at opportunities to right-size the fleet, and this is the predominant planning cycle as happens over Q4, so we’ll update you on those plans as our entire fleets needs are finalized here.
Operator: Our next question is from Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: Mike, I just wanted to ask a question on Express margins just coming back to it a little bit because if I look at the range of outcomes over the last couple of years, it’s been as high as 9.2%; it’s been as low as 1.2%, which you just reported. And it’s your biggest business. And I really don’t have any clue what Express margins could be next year. And I was hoping you can kind of help us think about that. If macro kind of stays where it is today and what’s the right way to think about the recovery in Express margins next year? And then kind of related to that, one of the criticisms from the Investor Day was the Q&A wasn’t really -- didn’t have a lot of, how do I say, detail around the bottom-up strategy, the cadence of the pathway to the improvement. So, as you guys think about DRIVE Day, is incorporated in DRIVE Day a cadence of margin improvement by each division so we can -- everybody can be held accountable for the plan as it stands when you present it? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Sure. Matt, let me address the aspects of that. So first, the way we have structured the DRIVE framework is that we have 12 domains with individuals assigned to each of those that are accountable and own the realization of the opportunities that are identified there. Now, of course, there’s multiple teams, and there’s multiple sub initiatives under that to enable those outcomes. But to the question of how do we measure and have accountability, that is definitely the structure and framework that we have in place. To your question about Express margin and profit volatility, that’s precisely what Raj was highlighting is a primary focus is to make the business more agile, more flexible with the various deployment of technology, making our fleet more flexible so that we can react and adjust. So, certainly realize that we need to build from here, and fully anticipate that going forward, and we will be relentlessly focused on that across the board.
Operator: Our next question is from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: A couple of follow-ups here. Just on the ground actions in the third quarter that kind of helped drive the margin higher than expected. Can you help us understand if these are a permanent change in the way you treat peak season or even a permanent change in the way Ground is run every quarter, or was it just a reaction to, obviously, peak season this time being less robust than it was the last two years? I’m trying to get a sense of whether it was just a tactical move and you guys kind of pivoted very quickly to the market, or if it’s more of a permanent change in the way you deal with peak season?
Mike Lenz: No. Ravi, this definitely illustrates the discipline, rigor and focus we have around responding, adjusting to changes in the volume environment, running an efficient network and adjusting in short order. Again, I’d highlight last year was -- quite frankly, the last two years, were quite unprecedented in terms of ability to both project and understand demand because our customers themselves were -- had a lot of uncertainty amidst the dynamics of the pandemic. And we sometimes skip over it, but the profundity of the labor availability and the immediate cost increases in terms of higher wage rates that were experienced at Ground can’t be diminished. But this is a rigor and discipline that, as Brie said, it also supports our service levels across the board, too. So, it’s a virtuous cycle there that we’ll build upon going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Kauffman, Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Kauffman: Question for Brie. Brie, we were out talking to different customers, and some had indicated to us that they were a little concerned about the potential for a labor action at one of your competitors and had begun shipping with you guys, which is something they didn’t normally do. I was just wondering, I guess, a, we could look at this as, oh, it’s a short-term thing; b, we could look at this as it’s an opportunity to bring in some new customers. And I was told that you had to be shipping at certain levels to be available if there was a problem and there was a lack of capacity. Could you talk about how you’re engaging some of these customers that may be coming to you and saying, hey, I’m nervous. Can I get some capacity or can I come over? Are you requiring them to stay on for a year? How do we make this more than just a short-term use of excess capacity in your network?
Brie Carere: Hey. Jeff, thanks for the question. So I think first and foremost is that our primary goal is to maintain and improve the service momentum that we’ve created. And so, as we think about any potential exogenous factor in the market that might put stress in the market, our goal is to protect our customers and to make sure that we’re there for them. So absolutely, as customers are inquiring about available capacity at FedEx, we have been really clear that, yes, of course, we would entertain any good business, and we’d love to talk to them. We do need to have that business on board and those contracts signed by the end of March. We are not going to put or staff up like this is a peak factor. We are going to plan for long-term partnerships with customers. And anybody that wants to come and enjoy the FedEx value proposition, we’re happy to talk to them prior to March 31st.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer portion of today’s call…
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, operator.
Operator: Please continue, Mr. Subramaniam.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you, operator. In closing, I want to thank our team members as FedEx was once again the only delivery company ranked in the top 20 of the Fortune World’s Most Admired Companies. We also were named earlier this week as one of the world’s most ethical companies by Ethisphere. This recognition would not have been possible without the commitment and dedication of our people around the world. And as we celebrate our 50th anniversary next month, I’m most excited about the ways that this team will continue to innovate and deliver for the next 50 years. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today’s FedEx Corporation third quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings call and webcast. You may now disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-12-20 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. And now at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of FedEx Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. The second quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q and stat book on our website at fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being stored on our website, where the replay and slides will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance maybe -- certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the mostly directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramanian, President and CEO; and Mike Lenz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Brie Carere, Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to take a moment to remember our colleague, Jeff Smith, who passed away on November 17, after courageous battle of brain cancer. Jeff's contributions to the Investor Relations and FedEx team were immeasurable, and our hearts remain heavy at his loss. He will be greatly missed. Separately, I'd like to congratulate Elizabeth Allen on her upcoming retirement at the end of the month after 32 years at FedEx. Elizabeth has been instrumental to the Investor Relations team, and she will be missed by our FedEx colleagues and the investment community alike. And now Raj will share his views on the quarter.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Mickey, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me begin by thanking our more than 550,000 employees who are working diligently to deliver another strong peak season for our customers. I'm extremely proud of the team's ability to sustain excellent services season while we continue to transform our global network vis-à-vis to the FedEx team. I'm encouraged by our second quarter results and the momentum underway against our Deliver Today, Innovate for Tomorrow strategy. We exceeded our Q2 earnings and cost action goals shared in September, even as the environment remained challenged. At the same time, there is more work to be done. The declining demand trends we saw at the end of Q1 softened further in the second quarter, and we are moving faster and with more determination than ever to accelerate our cost actions. Today, we will provide more detail on those cost actions and our plan to structurally transform our network to be nimbler, leaner and more efficient, supported by our DRIVE program. Turning to Slide 6 for a snapshot of the quarter. Volumes declined across all segments, primarily at Express down low double digits. As such, revenue was down 3%, driven by a decline at FedEx Express, which was partially offset by growth at FedEx Freight and FedEx Ground. Adjusted operating margin and EPS declined with volume weakness, partially offset by higher yield and cost management actions. All of this said, we knew coming into this quarter that we would continue to be challenged by volume softness and high inflation. I'm exceptionally proud of the team's execution to-date, which enabled us to exceed the second quarter earnings and cost targets. A great example of our meticulous focus on cost actions was a result at FedEx Ground, where, despite volume being down 9% in the quarter, we were able to grow both operating income and margin. And FedEx Freight due to operating margin improved 320 basis points due to the continued focus on revenue quality, aligning the cost structure to lower volume levels and delivering an outstanding customer experience. Now I'll provide an update on our aggressive and decisive plan to cut costs in fiscal '23 relative to our June plan. In Q2, we achieved over $900 million of savings, exceeding the cost target we shared with you last quarter. This brings our total year-to-date progress to $1.2 billion. As we look to the remainder of the fiscal year, we have identified additional savings, bringing our target for fiscal year '23 to be approximately $3.7 billion in cuts. Turning to Slide 8. As we execute these cost actions, we are also laser-focused on delivering upon the superior service that has defined FedEx throughout our nearly 50-year history. As I mentioned, our team is performing exceptionally well this peak season, with ground time in transit in the U.S. at just two days. FedEx Ground is delivering holiday shipments faster to more locations than our nearest competitor. Our ground service is now back to pre-pandemic levels, supported by continued enhancements to our route optimization and package handler scheduling technologies. Service levels also continued to improve at Express. In Europe, we have made strong progress with Italy, France, Germany, Spain and the U.K. showing sustained high levels of service performance. The service challenges at Paris Charles De Gaulle Airport have been largely alleviated, and we are capitalizing on efficiencies in the network to further improve service. We're taking swift action to address the remaining issues for our intra-Europe service, including the reopening of our Netherlands ground hub in October, which will continue to improve transit and depressurize the rest of the network and completing the Novara Italy road hub in February of 2023. Moving to Slide 9. I'll now provide an update on our ongoing structural transformation. We have spent 50 years building our networks and growing our portfolio. As a result, we now have the most extensive network of any provider in the industry. We are now focused on optimizing this network to realize our full value potential. This includes advancing our global transformation through DRIVE, our comprehensive program to support long-term profitability and deliver on our fiscal year '25 financial targets. DRIVE is how we are executing that strategy, achieving more than $4 billion in annualized structural cost reductions by fiscal year 2025. I'm confident I have the full commitment of our executive team, our Leading DRIVE with purpose and a sense of urgency and of Sriram Krishnasamy, our Chief Transformation Officer, who is facilitating the program. We have identified 14 specific focus areas, which we call domains to target for efficiency improvements. Each is led by an executive sponsor and is aligned around a strategic vision for the business. We are measuring success against each domain's FY '25 permanent cost savings target in addition to using clear operational metrics to track financial and service level progress. Our focus within DRIVE is in three main areas: FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and shared and allocated overhead expenses. At Express, the team is transforming the network to be more agile, efficient and digitally led. An initial priority is to optimize the global air network where we expect to generate approximately $400 million in savings. This work includes deploying digital assets that allow us to efficiently balance our Purple tile airplanes and third-party lift as we build the network of the future. We are also addressing our express pickup and delivery operations globally to improve efficiency. In February, we will implement a new U.S. network design that will improve P&D efficiency and result in cost savings of approximately $300 million annually. In Europe, where we expect over 1/3 of Express' drive savings, we have spent the last several years bringing the networks together. With integration behind us, we have shifted to optimization. We're adjusting our network, deploying route productivity tools and investing in digital capabilities for planning and automation. Additionally, we are rightsizing our intra-Europe air network and improving processes to enhance the end-to-end customer journey. This will all serve to improve both service and profit of our European business. Now turning to FedEx Ground. We are focused on every portion of the package life cycle. For instance, in line haul operations, we are applying new tools, technology and processes to drive increased packages per trailer. Within Ground, we have a dock domain. This team's responsibility is to improve packages per labor hour. In Q2, that metric increased 3.5% year-over-year, and we expect continued improvement as we deploy additional capabilities. Across both the Express and Ground focus areas, we are leveraging our operational insights platform. This provides the foundational data, tools and insights critical not only for delivering DRIVE savings goals but also for sustaining those savings and transforming the way we operate. Finally, shared and allocated overhead expenses are a significant opportunity. This includes procurement and digitizing and centralizing support functions. One example of digitizing support functions is our ability to reduce customer service calls by redirecting customers to best-in-class digital applications, a win for FedEx and a win for our customers. Within procurement, we are reducing spend through our operate collaboratively model and creating a central function to optimize our enterprise spend. For example, we are setting up a cross-OpCo initiative to consolidate our contract transportation spend to realize value in the second half of fiscal year '23. In conclusion, there is strong momentum underway as our team focuses on cutting costs immediately and structurally transforming our network. We will continue to provide updates on our DRIVE progress, and we plan to host a DRIVE deep dive call in the first half of calendar 2023 and to provide additional details on our ongoing transformation. Now let me turn it over to our Chief Customer Officer, Brie Carere, to discuss recent market trends and our commercial strategy in more detail.
Brie Carere: Thank you, and good afternoon. As expected, the operating environment in the second quarter was challenging. The trends we saw toward the end of the first quarter persisted through November. As a result, we experienced lower demand for FedEx products and services, but we acted with urgency to adjust our network while continuing to deliver for our customers. Revenue at FedEx Express was down 3% year-over-year, primarily due to volume and yield softness in Europe and Asia. In Europe, we're making steady progress as volume trends improved quarter-over-quarter. I am confident in our momentum as we have a robust sales pipeline in Europe. We are leveraging our faster road network and our unique ability to bundle parcel and freight. As we anticipated, the softening demand created yield pressure, especially in Asia. Despite volume softness, I am pleased with the team's ability to manage volume, share and margin in our trans-Pacific lane. At FedEx Ground, revenue was up 2% due to higher yield driven by fuel surcharges, base rate increases and improved product mix. It was partially offset by lower volumes. We once again delivered strong service levels and best-in-market transit times. At FedEx Freight, we delivered solid performance despite the operating environment beginning to moderate. Pricing discipline across the LTL industry is strong, and we expect the market to remain rational. Revenue was up 8% as the team remains laser-focused on driving improved revenue quality and profitable share growth. While navigating the current environment, FedEx Freight continues to innovate. We're expanding dimensional capture and piloting dimensional weight-based pricing. We believe this simplified pricing is the future of the LTL industry, and we're leading in this transformation. I also wanted to provide an update on our enterprise pricing strategy and the initiatives to improve revenue quality. We remain disciplined. We are focused on growth in the right segment to optimize network profitability. We announced a 6.9% general rate increase in September, and I remain confident in a continued high capture rate. We are also continuing to leverage surcharges to align our pricing to cost. Our recent announcement for demand-based large package and U.S. export fuel surcharge are good proof points. I'm also very pleased with the team's progress to create new capabilities. A great example is the partnership between pricing and DataWorks to build a price anomaly detection engine. The team has had success detecting overbilling and correcting invoices before they are sent to our customers. This is a significant customer experience improvement. We are now adapting these capabilities to identify underbilling opportunities, which will increase revenue quality. As we look toward the back half, service improvement has translated into good momentum for our sales team. In addition, we have a robust pipeline aligned with our strategy, which includes small and medium and European segment targets. In Q4, we will be lapping the impact of the beginning of the war in the Ukraine as well as the air integration disruption we experienced in the region. As a result, our year-over-year volume comps will improve as we move through the back half of this fiscal year. However, in Asia, we do expect to face continued yield pressure due to lower demand for priority services. In the current economic environment, the market is increasingly shifting to deferred services. We have the deferred portfolio to capture the shift in demand, and our DRIVE program will ensure we have the right cost to serve to profitably manage through this market transition. In conclusion, we remain prudent in our expectations for volume and yield in the second half of the fiscal year. That being said, our service value proposition relative to our competition will remain strong. And in fact, our relative market position will improve in the back half of the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lenz.
Mike Lenz: Thanks, Brie. I'll start on Slide 16. In the second quarter, we delivered improved alignment between variable costs and lower revenue amid a more challenged volume environment that impacted our profitability. Second quarter revenue was approximately $700 million below the lower end of the range we expected coming into the quarter. Approximately $300 million of this variance was due to an accelerated decline in forwarding revenue at FedEx Logistics. The remaining variance versus our Q2 outlook was driven about half by Express and the balance by Ground and Freight combined. We have moved faster to offset this shortfall with cost reductions, reducing the lag between incremental volume softness and the savings offsets realized. This, combined with an additional $200 million in discrete cost actions, led to improved earnings relative to our Q2 outlook. Turning to the Transportation segments. Starting with Express, profitability continues to be pressured. Adjusted operating income declined 65% due to lower volumes as cost reductions lagged accelerating volume declines. Volume pressures were partially offset by yield management actions. Package yield grew 8% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher fuel surcharges and base rates, partially offset by exchange rate impacts. Yield improvement slowed from Q1 levels across nearly all products and regions. In Ground, operating income increased 24% and operating margins expanded 130 basis points to 7.1%, supported by yield growth of 13% as higher fuel surcharges, product mix and pricing initiatives drove improvement. Our cost reduction actions, combined with solid execution by the ground team to adjust near-term variable costs amidst greater volume declines also supported margin improvement. These factors were partially offset by increased costs, including higher purchase transportation and other operating expenses. And at Freight, the team continues to drive strong profitability with operating income increasing 32%. This was driven by yield improvement, including higher fuel surcharges, partially offset by decreased shipments as well as higher wage rates. Turning to Slide 17. I'd like to build on what you heard from Raj on our near-term cost savings, reviewing our progress by category. As mentioned, we've identified $3.7 billion in discrete cost reductions relative to our plans going into fiscal '23, which is $1 billion higher than our prior projection. Express is where we have the most work to do and where the majority of the reductions are focused. A large portion of those savings is coming from reduced flight frequencies. Year-to-date, we've reduced eight international routes and 32 U.S. domestic routes, while parking five additional aircraft. This translates into pulling down U.S. domestic flight hours by 6% and international flight hours down 7% in the second quarter year-over-year. Moving to 18. In addition to the expense actions, we are also lowering our FY '23 capital spend forecast by an incremental $400 million to $5.9 billion, which represents an approximate $900 million reduction from our initial plans for the year. With the lower demand environment, we're deliberately deferring and slowing the pace of projects as we maintain the emphasis on using our assets more efficiently and reducing our overall capital intensity. Our liquidity remains a source of strength, and we ended the quarter with $4.6 billion in cash. We continue to generate solid cash flows supporting our capital return strategy. We executed a $1.5 billion accelerated share repurchase transaction, which will be completed by the end of this calendar year. Our capital return strategy reflects our commitment to reducing capital intensity and creating value for shareholders while continuing to reinvest in FedEx for today and tomorrow. Provide additional context for the changes in demand during the first half and what we are planning for in our outlook, on Slide 19, we've shown first half monthly volume trends for our major product categories. Volume declines continued to accelerate across major product categories, both in the U.S. and internationally throughout the second quarter. As we look to the second half of the year, we expect volume declines to begin moderating in Express and Ground by the end of the third quarter with comparisons easing further in the fourth quarter as we lap the onset of softer volumes. Yield growth will be increasingly pressured as year-over-year fuel surcharge comparisons normalize and customer demand shifts most prominently in Asia. This brings me to our outlook on Slide 20. While we continue to aggressively drive cost reduction actions, we expect business conditions to remain challenging in the second half of FY '23. Our current expectation for full year adjusted earnings per share is between $13 and $14. On a quarterly basis, we expect results to follow our historical seasonal pattern with lower earnings in the third quarter versus the second quarter and highest in the fourth quarter. Second quarter adjusted expenses were essentially flat year-over-year as inflation impacts, particularly fuel, offset our activity reductions on an absolute basis. As we move through the second half, we project year-over-year expenses to increasingly decline as our cost initiatives accelerate in conjunction with lapping certain inflationary increases. Closing, I'd like to reiterate that the entire team continues to aggressively identify and implement both immediate cost reductions as well as structural cost efficiencies to drive improved performance. With that, we'll open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll first hear from Tom Wadewitz of UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Wanted to see if you could give a sense of what drives the $1 billion in cost take out. And then I don't know if you look at the broader frame. Raj, you talked about some of the split. But can you give like the detail or a bit of breakout from Express, Ground and shared services on the $4 billion number also?
Mike Lenz: Hey, Tom, this is Mike. So first, for the additional $1 billion for FY '23 relative to our plans coming into the year, that's mostly at Express. It's a combination of further flight reductions, incremental sort cancels, particularly post peak, adjustments to our ground operations primarily in the pickup and delivery space. And then I guess another piece I'd highlight too was further reductions at our FedEx services, shared services organization, where they're doing a great job of really clamping down on cost relative to what we were contemplating earlier in the year. As it relates to the $4 billion in DRIVE, we've highlighted $1.4 billion is for Express, $1.1 billion is Ground and then $1.5 billion is in the shared and allocated expenses. And keep in mind that as we approach those, those are structural cost reductions that are irrespective of the demand environment assumption that you would make going forward so that we can achieve a path towards the FY '25 objectives that we outlined. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Helane Becker of Cowen and Company.
Helane Becker: Just one question related to the reduction in CapEx, Mike, you talked -- you're moving -- just to clarify, you're moving to the right, and you will still spend that money, you will just not spend it this current fiscal year. Is that correct -- is that correct?
Mike Lenz: So, we certainly have deferred a number of facility projects and initiatives. So that is a component there as well as looking to pause other certain major projects at a phase of completion as we evaluate the chain circumstances. Another piece of it is a change in our aircraft payment schedule as well. So, we've pushed that out further, but the number of deliveries remains unchanged, just a timing in that sense.
Helane Becker: Okay. And then could I just ask a follow-up on -- with respect to salaries, wages and benefits. I sort of thought that there was some decline there that looked kind of okay. Could you just explain that? Because you also said during your prepared remarks that salaries were actually up. So kind of missed that.
Mike Lenz: Well, so Helane, we will see mitigating in terms of the year-over-year increase in wage rates relative to what we were seeing earlier in the year. And in addition, as we flex down the networks, particularly post peak, we'll have a ramp down in terms of the resources deployed there as we typically do, but certainly going to move quickly as we come past the successful peak that we're in the middle of right now. So expect further progress in that line going forward as well.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Jordan Alliger of Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: So, a question on the $13 to $14 range. Maybe some more perspective, obviously, you beat in the second quarter, you're upping the cost saves by $1 billion. I mean how do we think about that from a conservative perspective? Is it conservative? And -- or maybe some context in your view of the economy. I mean are we assuming a recession in those numbers because it would seem, especially with the monitoring decline in volume, that the cost saves are basically all the second half operating profit. So, I'm just wondering if you've kind of taken a very conservative approach.
Mike Lenz: Sure. Thanks, Jordan. Well, I would highlight, certainly, the environment remains fluid. We outline our expectations on the trajectory of volume and yield and considered a range of outcomes within the corridor for both of those. And in conjunction with the cost take out you highlighted there, we're very confident with the $13 to $14 range. So while it's true, the volume declines, we expect those to moderate as we move through the rest of the year, particularly in Q4, we're going to have more yield pressure relative to the increases we saw in the first half of the year. So when you bring all three of those elements together, that's what gets you to the bottom line projection there that we've highlighted. But I guess I would also say that while the declines moderate on the volume, we're in essence, projecting the same demand profile that we're currently experiencing. So hopefully that puts it in full context for you.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: If we could just take that maybe a step further, it seems like that I think Jordan just hit it on the -- you have $1.2 billion of savings so far. So of your 3.7 target now, the 2.5, that means all of the second half savings. I just want to clarify the $7.30 or whatever to seems like it's all from cost savings, right? And so the new found $1 billion, does that mean you were targeting maybe $10 to $11 of earnings before that, given that you -- that gets you to the back half? And I guess, Mike, if you can kind of specify what of that is then structural versus adjusting for takeout given the pace of volumes you're seeing?
Mike Lenz: Okay. Ken, how I would address that is as you saw in the second quarter, the revenue environment was below our expectations. So therefore, we are assuming that going forward into the second half of the year, which motivated further near-term takeouts of cost relative to what we had planned for FY '23. So we will project revenues to be down year-over-year in Q1, but we're also going to see a ramp-up in absolute expense reductions as we move through Q3 and even more so into Q4. So that's the absolute basis when you look at it for year-over-year.
Ken Hoexter: And so that -- are these -- again, just to clarify that, does that mean these are just reaction to the slowing revenues, and so it's cyclical versus -- I'm just trying to understand your -- I think investors want to understand what is structural moves that FedEx is making here versus just reacting to the decelerating revenue environment. Is there a way to clarify that?
Mike Lenz: Well, Ken, maybe we talked about a permanent reductions of $1 billion from FY '23. And that recognizes we were operating in very unique circumstances over the last 1.5 years, 2 years. And so those takeouts would not return under any range of normalized demand scenarios that you might consider. And of course, most of that's in Express. I mentioned that we parked five additional aircraft during the second quarter. By the end of the fiscal year, we're projecting to park 11 additional aircraft. So hopefully, that gives you a little more context for how we're thinking about resizing the network and most of those will be wide-bodies.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Condolences on Jeff, you will be missed and good luck to Elizabeth.
Mike Lenz: Thank you, Ken. Really appreciate it.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Mike, can you just talk about the margin expectations for the segments in the back half? Can Ground continue to improve? Can Freight continue to improve? Can Express get back to margin improvement? And then Brie, sounds like you were talking about pricing slowing. I wasn't sure if that was a parcel comment, an LTL comment. So if you could just give us a little bit more color.
Mike Lenz: Okay. Scott, I will start. Express margins will remain pressured in the second half I would say more so in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. Given some of the factors we outlined, including ramping up more of the discrete cost reductions into the fourth quarter, we're fully seeing traction in Europe, plus lapping the challenges from last year with the air network integration as well as lapping the volume inflection there. So, Express remains a -- where we have the most work to do. I would say at Ground we're past the rapid growth and labor challenges that the Ground team was executing on over the last two years, and now they are laser-focused on driving improved productivity and efficiency within a declining volume environment. And so we saw great progress in that regard here in the second quarter and expect to see continued going forward in the second half of the year. So hopefully, that gives a little dimensions to the pieces of it. Brie, do you want to take?
Brie Carere: Sure. Fair question, Scott. So from a yield perspective, let's talk front half versus back half. When we look at the domestic parcel market, we are still anticipating in the back half that we will have growth both Express and Ground in the parcel market, although less growth than we did in the first half. The same holds true for FedEx Freight domestically. Back half, we are still anticipating yield growth in the inflationary environment, although much less than the front half. And then as we go to the international markets, the largest change that we will experience in the back half is we are anticipating that we will see our Asia yields decrease in the second half. Now I want to be really clear that we've accounted for that within the range that Mike has given us, and we also anticipated this. And the Asia team does a really good job of managing volume, yield and margin. And our trans-Pacific lane is still a very profitable and healthy lane for us. So it is within the range, but that's how we're thinking about yield front half versus back half.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Brandon Oglenski of Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: And I second Ken's thoughts on Jeff and Elizabeth. Guys, can you just help us understand, I mean, if you're going to achieve $3.7 billion this year, isn't that very similar to the 2025 DRIVE target? I think that might be the confusion that a lot of folks aren't fully understanding here. And Mike, we heard you that $1 billion are permanent this year. But can you talk to maybe the other $2.7 billion that might come back, but then you're going to shed an incremental $3 billion between now and then?
Mike Lenz: So Brandon, let me, first, thanks for the kind comments regarding Jeff and Elizabeth. We will certainly miss both of them. Let me get a little more context about the $3.7 billion reduction. Appreciate that's reference to our plans coming into '23. And the purpose of that was to illustrate the scope and magnitude of the cost initiatives that we have undertaken to address the changed circumstances from where we started the year. So we highlighted we have $1 billion of the permanent reductions. In a demand environment as we are today, much of the structure, the flight takedowns that we have made it Express, you wouldn't see those coming back. I think you may recall, we said there will always be -- anticipate that there will be cyclical ups and downs. But as we come out of the current circumstances when it comes back, it would come back in a different way, and we would be using less of our own Purple tail lift and more of partner-lift in order to flow traffic in the most efficient manner possible. So again, the $4 billion of DRIVE, think about that in the context of a greater emphasis on cost reduction rather than the degree of modest revenue growth we were assuming back in June when we outlined the goals for FY '25. So that's what the focus is there to that structural cost reduction across a range of demand scenarios that you could envision.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Allison Poliniak of Wells Fargo.
Allison Polinia: I just want to follow up on the last comment. So just to clarify, the fiscal '25 targets is certainly the balance of revenue and cost based on sort of the macro deceleration. Is that algo clearly changed in terms of how you reach those targets through fiscal '25 just given some of the structural cost actions and challenging growth right now?
Mike Lenz: Yes, You hit it. Absolutely, Allison, we are -- that's why we have ramped up the degree and intensity around the structural cost reductions. We made great progress to date in identifying those and are looking to use the insights as we've made progress on those to identify even more. And if the environment changes, then we will react as you saw in the second quarter here to adjust even further in the near term as well.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from David Vernon of Bernstein.
David Vernon: So Raj, I was wondering if you could maybe kind of bring this stuff up a level, right? If we're talking about $13 to $14 in adjusted earnings in this fiscal year, is that a base from which you can start to build in fiscal '24 and '25, or are we still got a little bit of risk in terms of chasing the ball down the hill from an economy standpoint? And then as you think about the longer-term targets that you put out there, is there any contemplation of actual changes to the product portfolio or the composition of the many different companies that make up FedEx as part of this transformation effort? Or are we just kind of doing the same sort of mix of stuff a little bit better?
Raj Subramaniam: So David, thanks for the question. And so, I'll just say that I'm just delighted to see how fast we're performing in terms of taking our structural cost down. So, the -- I'm just going to comment on The DRIVE program here because that's what gets us going to the FY '25 goals. Our strategy is simply is to drive profitable growth and reduce our structural costs while we innovate digitally that helps us get to those goals. And all this built on a strong foundation of service. DRIVE is how we execute that, and I'm extremely thrilled to see the progress we have made and the level of engagement of the entire executive team. We have, as I showed in the slide earlier, the 14 domains each with an executive sponsor, KPIs are identified, we have about 1,200 people involved. And this is not a one-and-done exercise. This, all the way from initial idea to an executable plan with KPIs, this is like a conveyor belt. And then there's a significant amount of will, scale and rigor as teams move towards execution. So this is very important as we think about FY '24 and '25. We are fundamentally focused on restructuring our cost base, driving profitable growth and improving our operating margin performance. So we can't control what the external environment is. We are focused on things we can control. And the base that we have in '23, we will use that to come out of this external environment situation much, much better than we went in. And the DRIVE program is a significant component of that and talk to you more about that drive deep dive update you in the first half of calendar '23. We are constantly looking at the portfolio to see what opportunities that exist. And when there's something to talk to you about that, we will definitely communicate. Thank you, David.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Stephanie Moore of Jefferies.
Stephanie Moore: I guess I wanted to take maybe a higher level of macro question here. You mentioned continued yield softness in Asia. I'm surprised, I guess, to hear that the China reopening wasn't mentioned at all the potential tailwinds. I'm kind of curious what your guys thoughts are in terms of what's continued to drive that age happening if kind of potentially come back online as an economy and then maybe noting that we haven't talked about broader economic outlook and you guys giving the monthly economic updates. Maybe if you had any thoughts on just general U.S. economic conditions here looking over the next 12 months.
Raj Subramaniam: And let me hit a high level and then Brie adds additional details, we can jump in right afterwards. On the macro aspects of it, the two things we flagged were that the industrial economy is slowing around the world and with Europe being the hardest hit and that there is an e-commerce reset, and both those things happened exactly like we said we're going to happen. The good news was we reacted -- we moved much faster to adjust to these circumstances. And we are absolutely focused on what we can control. And again, I'm very, very proud of the progress we have made. And -- but again, we know there's more work to be done, and we will continue to improve our cost structure. Regarding China, we haven't seen any fundamental change in the volume profile one way or the other in the last few weeks. We are obviously monitoring this very, very carefully, and it's very too early for us to make any further comments on this at this time. Brie, anything to add here?
Brie Carere: No, I think that's exactly right. We have the team poised and ready to benefit from any potential. But right now, the demand signals have been pretty consistent over the last couple of weeks, and so that's how we're planning for the back half.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Jack Atkins of Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Okay. Great. So I guess, Raj, this one's for you, and I love Mike's thought as well, but I would be curious to kind of get your take on structurally what's changing as you look out over the next several years with how the Company is allocating capital. I get that there's a greater emphasis on capital efficiency overall. And I think everyone appreciates the fact that you guys are monitoring the CapEx issue very carefully. But as you think about your decisions to invest for both organic and inorganic opportunities, there have been some challenging sort of investments over the past decade. How is the sort of the framework around how you're thinking about capital allocation changing, if at all, as you look forward, Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Thank you, Jack. Listen, we are -- the drive is the way we work and every project that we now go through has started to go through a significant hurdle to make sure those plants are approved and then, obviously, that has to make sense from a financial perspective and from an ROIC perspective. So good news so far is that projects that have come through here have -- we are very high returns, and it changes the fundamental way we think about how we go forward here. So Mike, I don't know if you want to add to that comment.
Mike Lenz: Jack, look, the high rate of growth, particularly at ground over the past few years, that's in the rearview mirror. And so, we will not be spending as much on facility expansion going forward. The major replacement initiatives we have in front of us over the next couple of years, which ramped down in FY -- beyond FY '25 are our fleet modernization. We have no firm orders beyond FY '25 for new aircraft and the modernization of our Memphis hub, which is, as Richard likes to call it, the heartbeat of the Express network. That will be completed in a few years as well, and that will yield efficiencies over the long term. So those are major elements within the capital allocation that we have a clear line of sight of those coming down. And hence, as we outlined, we fully expect to be it the 6.5% in '25 and lower beyond that. And hence, we were committed to improving our payout ratio and up the dividend as a reflection of the trajectory and the path that we're headed down in that regard.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll next hear from Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Raj, I wanted to get in on what you think about the domestic economy. It seems like the step-down in volume activity in the second quarter seemed to be more driven by domestic across the segment. So kind of curious if we're seeing some of the softness that you had originally flagged in the late summer and into the fall in international sort of cascading here into the U.S.? Or are there maybe some specific customer actions or revenue quality actions that you're taking here in the U.S.?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me just talk about the macro environment. I think the main macro issue in the United States is really the e-commerce reset. If you were to just follow along here prior to the pandemic e-commerce represented about 16% of retail. During the pandemic, it peaked at about 22%. And ever since, it's been kind of going down. We are probably about 18% or 19% right now. It's still higher than 16%, but not quite high as 22%. So that's the part of the reset that's going on in the U.S. domestic package business. Of course, we have also taken certain revenue quality actions on some of the segments of the traffic, specifically FedEx Ground economy. And so that's the only other part that would be unique to FedEx. But other than that, this is, I would say, the biggest macro here is e-commerce reset.
Operator: Amit Mehrotra from Deutsche Bank has our next question.
Amit Mehrotra: So Mike, I just wanted to ask maybe a couple of quick ones. So I wanted to understand the drag in Express coming from the European Ground business, so basically the legacy TNT business? Because I understand there's cyclicality in the air network and you're bringing flight hours down, which is great. But I'm just trying to understand what the legacy TNT business, what the overall impact that has had or will have on kind of the express proper profile. I don't know if that means that you can give us an idea of what that business is making or losing or the contribution of that is to the overall Express profit, but I think that would be helpful. And then the follow-up I wanted to ask was on the Freight business. And I don't ask a lot of questions about the Freight business, but it's a big piece of the profit pools today? I don't know if Lance is on, but what I noticed is the yields in the freight business were down sequentially, which is something we typically haven't seen quarter-on-quarter. And of course, this is in the context of FedEx being part of kind of that pricing war 12 years ago in the LTL business. Is this an indication that FedEx is lowering price to get more volumes in Freight? Can you talk about the pricing discipline in the Freight business, both with respect to FedEx and also as the industries you see it as well?
Mike Lenz: Sure, Amit. Thanks. I will address Europe first, and then I'll let Brie address your question about the LTL business. So look, the opportunity in Europe is a significant driver of the upside potential for Express. We've highlighted the challenges that we had earlier in the calendar year. We have worked past those. The team has momentum there. The leadership team is very focused on winning business, driving more efficiency activity both in the air and in the ground network and fully confident that we will see significant contributor to improvement in Express' profitability going forward with some initial traction on that coming in Q4 in terms of seeing a year-over-year improvement. So that is absolutely an opportunity for Express, and we certainly are confident of getting there. It's taken longer than we would have anticipated. And we've had some events develop along the way, but we're past those, and we're looking forward. Brie?
Brie Carere: Thanks Mike. Fair question from a FedEx Freight perspective. When we looked at Q2, the one thing that we did see that was slightly different from Q1 is weights actually were slightly down in Q2. From a revenue quality perspective, however, we have to remember, number one, that we are seeing all of the public carriers behave very rationally and the market is very disciplined. Number two, within that market, FedEx Freight has the premium value proposition. We have two types of service. So, we have a great opportunity that is very profitable for FedEx for allow customers to move from our priority to our economy service. And we've got two great opportunities within FedEx, right? We've got FedEx Freight Direct, which we're still seeing high demand for. And we've got a very profitable service into Canada that we're very focused on. So we are going to continue to be disciplined. We absolutely know the history, and we are focused right now on doing our part to be very disciplined within the industry.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Raj, one for you and then one for Brie. Raj, you've given a good overview with regard to DRIVE. I'm just curious when in the first half, we may expect this update call and what type of information we'll receive there, these 14 domains you're targeting, maybe you could speak to the there, I'd be curious to hear? And then, Brie, the question for you is you spoke about improving service levels and a really good pipeline for small and intermediate-sized businesses. Could you delve into that a little bit more on how that's working for you and the sales team domestically and in Europe?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you, Scott. On the -- yes, on the DRIVE part of the equation, we have, again, as I said, we are very excited about the progress we're making here. The -- some of the -- there are 14 domains under Express. We have the air network domain this is about fundamentally restructuring our Express air network to be more agile and flexible to changes in demand and also recognizing that deferred parcel and freight will be a bigger component. So how do we change our networks firstly, to improve our loaded density and then how do we use partner network, especially to move deferred traffic. And then also looking at the domestic U.S. network to see what efficiencies we can get there using technology. The other one is Europe is part of the domain here and is clearly a big area for focus for us. We have $1.1 billion of this is FedEx Ground. There are very interesting opportunities there, whether it is through line haul or dock productivity, things like that. And then, of course, back-office shared services is $1.5 billion with this procurement and improving our efficiency across the board. So, I don't want to take the time here to go through all the detail, but I will -- we'll set up a time we haven't decided on an exact date yet, but at that meeting, we will give you more detail. We'll talk to you about specific KPIs that we will try going forward and give you a full flavor of what this program is all about. And Brie?
Brie Carere: Thanks, Raj. So I love this question. Let's talk about our momentum. Here in the United States, as we talked about, we've had a great peak. The ground team and I know the operators who are listening, I know we're not done yet. I know we have a very, very busy week still to execute. But as I sit here right now, we've had just stellar service in the field, and I couldn't be more proud of the team. So as we kind of turn the chapter on this calendar year to next calendar year, domestically, we have the very best value proposition, more faster than our primary competition. We have this great new feature, which is getting great response in the field for picture, proof of delivery. We have Sunday service. We have brand-new digital capabilities called estimated date of delivery, which gives our e-commerce retailers greater accuracy on their delivery times, and we're getting really great feedback. And as you all know, our primary competitor has to manage through a significant labor conversation. So, we're going to come out of this peak very, very strong, and we are very confident in the momentum that Jill and her team are building in January. The same is true as we look into Europe. We have got quarter-over-quarter momentum. We've got three primary lines of business that we sell. In the domestic, we are optimizing. From a domestic perspective, we are there for the profitability of international and we have opportunity to optimize those networks and put some volume in the domestic networks and service is excellent in the domestic networks in Europe, and I'm really pleased with Karen and the team there. From an intercontinental perspective, we have a product called FedEx National Connect Plus, and it has done really well for us, and the team has continued to get the right business from Europe into the United States. And then from an intra-European perspective, that has been where we're challenged. But I'll tell you the brand has done a lot of hard work for us. Customers want to do business with FedEx. And quarter-over-quarter, we've seen service improvement. And with that, we have seen our pipeline and the confidence grow, and I believe that you will continue to see quarter-over-quarter improvement out of our European division. So yes, I'm looking forward to January, and I think we have the best sales team in the business to go and execute the plan I just talked about.
Operator: Our final question from Ted will come from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: Maybe just a follow-up with Brie. Can you talk about your confidence in getting that high capture rate from a domestic price perspective? And how you're going to balance that with our relation and the declining volume environment? And maybe you can talk a little bit about competition. And if you think there's a room to see more of that creep in here as more packages go that are lighter weight and shorter distance and the e-commerce growth you continue to see? And then separately, you mentioned the team's negotiation. I would really like to hear more about how you're approaching that both in the near term to make sure that you're able to protect your own service and longer term, if that presents any opportunities to gain share?
Brie Carere: Yes. So from a pricing perspective, right now, we do anticipate a high capture on our GRI here in the United States and around the world. Our GRI was 6.9 in the U.S. And it's about that around the world, a little bit higher in some places, a little bit lower. With the inflationary environment, most customers understand the need for a high GRI. That being said, I really pick out the team focused on two things. One, as I mentioned a moment ago, is differentiation. We command a higher yield when we have a better service and a differentiation and the marketing team is very, very focused on executing that. So we can command a higher yield in the market. Two, as I talked about in June and then I also talked about the anomaly price detection engine, we are building new capabilities to make sure that we align cost and price really closely, and we're continuing to build new features out this year, which will also help us get a lift from a revenue quality perspective. We want to be really, really balanced. We also acknowledge that some of our customers are going to have to choose our deferred portfolio, and we're working really hard to get the cost and the margins right in that product. As far as how we're going to handle the negotiations, we're going to do it professionally and with grace. We want to bring customers on that want to do business with us for long term. And so of course, for our target segment, small business, health care, B2B, we want them to be prepared. We want to protect, first and foremost, our loyal base right now. And Jill and her team will have really thoughtful conversations with those customers and make sure that they know we are here for them if they plan ahead and they want to do business with us in the long term.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now turn the call back over to Raj Subramaniam for closing comments.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you very much. And I'll just say in closing that our team is moving with urgency to accelerate our ongoing transformation. We have made strong progress to date, and we'll build on this momentum as we move into the back half of the year. We all know there's a significant opportunity ahead, and I'm very confident in our team's ability to execute. Thank you all for your time today. Thank you for your interest in FedEx, and happy holidays, everyone.
Operator: That does conclude today's call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect. Good bye.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-09-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon and welcome to FedEx Corporation’s first quarter earnings conference call. Before we begin, we want to recognize our SEC 8-K was filed earlier than planned due to a technical issue. The first quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about 1 year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. We want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and CEO; Mike Lenz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Brie Carere, Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer. And now, Raj will share his views on the quarter.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Mickey and good afternoon everyone. I’d like to start today by acknowledging our pre-announced first quarter earnings results and updated outlook we provided last week. Our network capacity did not align with the demand we experienced as the quarter progressed. But as communicated last week, we have taken swift actions to address what’s within our control. Getting cost out rapidly is my priority and today, I will outline why I am confident in our ability to drive improved performance and profitability through aggressive cost actions. Before providing more details around these actions, let me briefly discuss what happened since we last spoke to you in June. We saw a decline in our volumes during the first quarter, which accelerated in the final weeks. Our softening volumes in Asia and the U.S. were predominantly due to the economy while the shortfall in Europe was both economic and service related. Therefore, we had costs in the system for volumes that didn’t materialize. While we immediately took action, savings from these cost efforts lagged the volume decline due to the scale of our operations. As a result, while revenue was up 6% year-over-year, these dynamics translated to volumes being down year-over-year at all our transportation segments. The volume decline directly impacted our bottom line driving total company adjusted operating income down roughly 18% year-over-year. Now what matters most is what we are doing about it, and this brings me to our aggressive and decisive plan to reduce costs. I’ll speak to you – I will speak to our actions in 2 parts: first, our fiscal year ‘23 steps to immediately reduce costs; and second, our Deliver Today, Innovate for Tomorrow transformation strategy to permanently reduce cost and optimize our network. Starting with fiscal year ‘23, we are prioritizing cost actions to generate $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion of savings, of which about $1 billion will be permanent. Taking each key contributor in turn, at FedEx Express, we expect to drive $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion in savings this fiscal year. The largest single expected contributor in fiscal ‘23 will be the changes we are making to our express air network as we cut global flight hours. This reduction includes 11% of trans-Pacific daily frequencies, 9% of transatlantic daily frequencies and 17% of daily frequencies on the lane between Asia and Europe. As volumes deteriorated later in the quarter, we began making these structural changes to our network. The impact of these initial changes will be fully realized in October, and the benefit of our continued actions will steadily increase throughout the fiscal year. We are also evaluating additional reductions to be implemented post peak. Further, we’re taking steps to enhance our ground efficiency, including reducing routes, hours, vehicle rentals and other on-road expenses. For example, in Europe, we are altering ground network routes to improve productivity, leading to a reduction of approximately 11% of routes in the UK and 12% in Germany. Now turning to FedEx Ground, we expect savings in Ground to be $350 million to $500 million in fiscal ‘23. Our approach to cutting costs in Ground primarily centers around rationalizing our operations. We are consolidating sorts, which will reduce costs while maintaining service and have canceled several planned ground network capacity projects. And as mentioned last week, we’re also reducing select Sunday operations in over 170 stations. Mike will provide more details on our capital plans shortly. The final components of our expected fiscal ‘23 savings will be from overhead expenses as we right-size our overall cost structure. These actions include our plans to close nearly 140 FedEx office locations and at least 5 corporate office facilities. Additionally, FedEx Services has stopped all non-critical projects. In total, our overhead reduction actions, including FedEx services, will contribute $350 million to $500 million. We realized nearly $300 million in cost savings from these actions in Q1 and expect approximately another $700 million in Q2 with the remainder of the fiscal ‘23 savings realized during the second half of the year. The second part of our cost plan is focused on permanent reductions, and we have launched DRIVE, a program supporting our Deliver Today, Innovate for Tomorrow strategy introduced in June. DRIVE is how we execute on that strategy. Our team has already started implementing cost reductions under this program and this will ultimately enable Network 2.0, the long-term end-to-end trend optimization of our network. Sriram Krishnasamy, our newly appointed Chief Transformation Officer, will facilitate DRIVE and continue reporting directly to me. In total, we expect to take out an additional $4 billion in costs related to DRIVE by fiscal year 2025. To be clear, these are incremental to the fiscal ‘23 savings I just outlined. These transformational changes will lay the foundation for Network 2.0, which will create an additional $2 billion benefit over the long term. In closing, we are focused on actions we can control as we stabilize our near-term performance and execute against our long-term strategy. I’d like to sincerely thank our highly motivated team for their hard work and dedication to deliver upon the Purple Promise. Now let me turn it over to our Chief Customer Officer, Brie Carere, to discuss market trends that underpin our outlook and our commercial strategy in some more detail.
Brie Carere: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. As Raj discussed, during the first quarter, manufacturing, global trade and consumer spending decelerated, particularly late in the quarter and certainly more than we anticipated. As a result, our first quarter volumes were lower than we forecasted. Our current expectations for 2022 U.S. GDP growth and U.S. industrial production forecasts have declined by about 100 basis points since June. Data shows that U.S. consumer spending has slowed as inflation remains a challenge. Further, consumption is skewed towards services, demonstrated by the fact that in June, excluding auto, the real retail inventory to sales ratio fully recovered to its pre-pandemic level. From October to June, the real inventory to sales ratio, excluding automotive, increased 14 basis points, which was the fastest gain over an 8-month period in the 25-year history of the series. Also, real retail sales, including auto, after growing 4.6% and 10.8% in calendar year ‘21 and ‘22 respectively are now down 3.1% year-over-year through July and are pacing to have the worst decline since The Great Recession. Turning to our transportation businesses, I’d like to spend a moment on the dynamics occurring within FedEx Express and most specifically in Asia and Europe. Starting with Asia, our results were impacted by macroeconomic weakness. Our lower demand is consistent with the broader market, with ocean and air freight rates under pressure in recent weeks. A good indicator of how quickly the market changed in Asia is to review the spot rates coming out of Hong Kong and Shanghai. In June and July, spot rates were between 20% and 40% higher year-over-year, respectively. In early August, these rates fell to single digits, and by the end of the month, Shanghai had plummeted to a 10% decline year-over-year, while Hong Kong rates were flat. Through June, which is the latest data available, we have had small market share gains in our Asia region. In Europe, the economy was weaker than we anticipated and service further pressured our results. Our network integration was successfully completed in March, but it is an incredibly complicated effort to combine two individual networks of this scale. Throughout the quarter, we continued to refine our standard operating procedures to improve service levels and create momentum across our European division. Moving now to FedEx Ground, revenue growth was driven by higher yields from higher fuel surcharges, base rate increases and improved volume mix. Despite volumes being lower than anticipated, we have held market share in the United States. FedEx Ground has strong service levels, best-in-market transit times and an exciting new picture proof of delivery capability. We are ready to deliver for peak. We will remain nimble in leveraging peak surcharges to balance demand and the capacity of our network as we monitor volume trends. And at FedEx Freight, momentum continues to build. The Freight team delivered another strong quarter marked by 21% revenue growth. The team continues to drive disciplined execution, focused on revenue quality and profitable share growth. For the company overall, we continue to execute our revenue quality strategy and pursue business that provides attractive yields. We continue to deliver new pricing capabilities, and we’ve taken recent actions to stay well positioned relative to the market as we approach peak. We have maintained a brisk pace for repricing contracts for the renewals and continue to negotiate strong increases. We just announced a 6.9% general rate increase this coming January in our response to inflationary pressures on our costs. We also announced our new remote area surcharge and peak residential pricing in the United States. In Europe and Asia, we will launch a new handling surcharge as well as January. In August, we implemented international fuel surcharge table adjustments for Asia, Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Fuel surcharges are an important pricing tool. We rigorously monitor fuel prices to ensure that we are appropriately positioned relative to the market. We’re moving with speed and agility to reposition our business model for today’s operating environment. As you heard from Raj, we had a great – we have a great opportunity to align costs with volume levels. We are committed to doing this while executing against our commercial strategy and delivering for our customers. Importantly, we’re still focused on the longer-term opportunity growing in high-value segments, driving improved service quality and, of course, delivering an outstanding customer experience. I am really pleased with how our teams have responded in this dynamic environment, and we are well positioned to deliver during the upcoming peak season. Service is strong and we have a fantastic value proposition. With that, I’ll turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Mike Lenz.
Mike Lenz: Thank you, Brie. While revenue was up 6% for the quarter, profitability was challenged with operating income down 18% on an adjusted basis, and adjusted operating margin down 150 basis points year-over-year. At Express, adjusted operating income declined 72% due to lower average daily package and freight volume and increased expenses as cost reductions lagged volume declines. These factors were partially offset by yield management actions, including higher fuel surcharges. Package yield, including fuel, grew 16% year-over-year. Turning to Ground, operating income increased 3%, primarily due to yield improvement and home delivery volume growth. Yield including fuel grew 12% year-over-year. These factors were partially offset by higher operating expenses, driven by increased purchase transportation and other operating expenses. Freight delivered another strong quarter with operating income increasing over 67% as the Freight team continues to execute. This was driven by yield management actions, including higher fuel surcharges. Yield, including the surcharges, grew 27%. This was partially offset by higher salaries and employee benefits as well as lower shipment volumes. To address the changed environment, we’re focused on what’s within our control and moving with urgency to take costs out of the network. Our team is operating at speed to identify cost-saving opportunities and accelerate for implementation. The $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion fiscal ’23 savings we’re targeting are relative to our initial plans heading into the year. The majority of this year’s savings will come from Express where the demand change has been most pronounced. We expect about $1 billion of our fiscal ’23 savings to be permanent in nature, with slight reduction as the largest component along with corporate and back office costs. These permanent cost reductions were not part of the Deliver Today, Innovate for Tomorrow strategy we shared in June, which is about how we structurally optimize our networks. These reductions are directly related to flexing in a changed environment with a view to build back differently in the future. As Raj mentioned, we remain committed to the profit improvement objectives we shared at our June investors meeting. We have launched efforts to accelerate initiatives, identify incremental opportunities and implement metrics to track progress under the DRIVE program. So next, I’ll give more details on the targeted $4 billion savings by fiscal ’25 enabled by DRIVE. About $1.4 billion of the total will come from the FedEx Express operating expenses. Four largest areas of opportunity we are actively advancing are: first, restructuring the air network by reducing routes and more efficiently deploying crews, aircraft and commercial line haul; next, optimization of sort, surface line haul and on-road design to improve efficiency, asset utilization and service; next, driving efficiencies of Europe, as we have discussed previously; and lastly, harmonizing global clearance processes to lower cost. About $1.1 billion of the total will come from FedEx Ground operating expenses via dock productivity initiatives, network and line haul efficiencies and reduced liability costs. And approximately $1.5 billion will come from shared and allocated overhead expenses led by procurement savings, back-office automation and infrastructure modernization, increased deployment of digital self-service and further consolidation of shared service functions. Moving to our capital spending plans, we have reduced our forecast for capital spend for fiscal 2023 to $6.3 billion compared to our prior $6.8 billion forecast. We are intensely focused on allocating capital to the most attractive ROIC initiatives. Our liquidity remains a source of strength as we ended the quarter with $6.9 billion in cash. And based on our cash flows and liquidity, we remain committed to our capital return strategy, including our plan to repurchase $1.5 billion of stock in fiscal 2023. We expect to purchase $1 billion in the second quarter. Our capital return strategy reflects our confidence in our business despite the headwinds we’re currently navigating. We have significant flexibility to maintain our balanced capital allocation and preserve a resilient balance sheet. Now turning to second quarter guidance, while we continue to drive aggressive cost reduction actions, we expect business conditions to remain challenging in the second quarter. As a result and consistent with the update we provided last week, currently expecting revenue of between $23.5 billion to $24 billion in the fiscal second quarter, and adjusted earnings per share, excluding costs related to business optimization and realignment initiatives of $2.75 or greater in the second quarter. For the remainder of the year, while we are not providing guidance, given current uncertainties, our plan is based on an expectation that the weak trends we saw in late Q1 will persist across our major geographies. This is embedded in our guidance for the second quarter and driving our cost takeout initiatives for the fiscal year. Longer term, we remain committed to our fiscal 2025 targets for operating margin improvement, return on invested capital and capital intensity that we shared with you in June. We are leaning more heavily into cost actions to get to those goals. The start of the year presented greater-than-expected challenges, but I can assure you that we are moving with urgency to address these pressures while remaining focused on creating long-term value by prioritizing revenue quality, expanding margins and elevating financial returns through profitable growth and reduced capital intensity. And with that, we will open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good afternoon. Wanted to see if you could maybe give us some more perspective on some of the biggest cost reduction actions and just kind of your level of confidence on the execution, it seems like, I guess, parking the planes and taking out capacity is something you have done in prior downturns, but perhaps rationalizing sorting centers seems like a new thing in Ground. And I guess, the labor markets, maybe it’s a little tougher to take labor market if you think you might need it back. So I just wanted to see if you could give maybe a bit more detail on your visibility to those cost actions and kind of how they come through? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Sure, Tom. This is Mike. So you are correct in observing that the biggest order of magnitude of the cost reductions is from flexing down the air network. So, that will come into play, particularly as we move through into the second half of the year as the flight reductions for the – take effect in October and into November. So at Ground, you spoke of the facility and sort rationalization. What that does for us is as volumes fell down below expectations that leads to inefficient line haul, because load factor is down and so thus, you are running more line haul than you need for the volume you have. So by consolidating sorts and rationalizing facilities, that’s just an example of how we can optimize against the lower volume. I also highlight that within the capital spending projections, we have deferred a number of planned Ground facilities and we actually canceled a few that we are literally about to initiate. So we are moving quickly on this and fully acting to realize the full potential there. So we have clear plans to get at all of these. We have a long list and they all add up to a very solid number and the team is focused on execution.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Yes, hi. Maybe just more basic question. Raj, can you just talk about the – I guess the reason why this is only a FedEx issue at least at this point in time? Why haven’t peers called this out? They all seem to sound like things are actually working pretty well in their favor at least not nearly as much of a falloff as you have highlighted. So maybe can you just address that and why you waited a week to talk about the costs, which we are all waiting for? And then just because of the significant downdraft in Express can you give us some recent stats in terms of just how quickly it fell and how September is shaping up?
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Let me start and then Brie can talk about some of the trends you are saying. Listen, I can’t comment on what our competition is seeing or not seeing. All I can say is the trends that we are seeing in the marketplace and we want to get out ahead of this. And listen, the whole – at the end of the day, the macro is going to ebb and flow. It’s really the activities that we do that matters at the end of the day and we want to take control of what we can control. And that’s why we are being very aggressive on our cost actions. And again, we will let the economic environment, the things that we don’t control it will do what it will do. We will just – we will focus on the issues that we can control in primarily on the cost side. I will let Brie talk about the revenue trends.
Brie Carere: Thanks, Raj. Brian, just to kind of reiterate what we – I know we had a lot of opening comments, but when we look at kind of the background, we really did break things into three categories. In Asia-Pacific, we absolutely believe that this is a market trend and not a FedEx trend. As I mentioned, our market share studies, they are little bit of a lagging indicator, but we do see that through June, in our Asia-Pacific region, we actually gained market share. And that’s why I shared those spot rates and how quickly the market changed in August. And we do believe the entire market is experiencing that in Asia. In Europe, similar story from an economic perspective, we think that the economy got worse throughout the quarter. We, however, as we acknowledged, did not have the improvement in service in the quarter that we had expected. We actually saw some plateau in service levels, so that was a FedEx issue. And as Raj mentioned, we are working on it seriously and actually feel good about the momentum there from a service improvement. And then here in the United States, as I mentioned through June, we can see that we have held market share. If you actually look from a nuance perspective, I would say that the one nuance within the domestic performance is that from a FedEx Ground economy perspective, we have prioritized revenue quality and so we have let some volume go. That was very conscious and we have seen that kind of persist throughout the quarter. So overall, we do think that the entire market is experiencing what we had from a macroeconomic perspective. And then for Q2, you have got the revenue range and I would say that September is right in that range.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, Raj and team. Thanks for taking my questions. And definitely appreciate the new cost plans, but maybe we are going about this all the wrong way, because there has been plenty of cost improvement plans in the past at this company that just haven’t delivered. So, can I ask a pointed question? Have you done a product review, like what is not working in the last 20 years that’s driving lower profitability in your network relative to your competitor? Is there a certain product or customer or a region that just isn’t working? And I can tell you from the outside looking in, TNT seems to have been an unmitigated disaster here that just has been delivering, because you guys are calling out European losses again. And then from our perspective as well dual Express and Ground pickup and delivery networks, I get it. I know that Express and Ground have different dynamics. However, your asset efficiency is literally half that of your nearest competitor, which is unionized, if I might add. So I guess, why not use this downturn to put more concrete plans in place to exit markets or regions that aren’t working and the $1 billion in permanent costs out, obviously a step in the right direction. But I guess how can you address the deficiencies in the network as you see them?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you, Brandon. I think we are absolutely fully committed to taking cost levers out. We have talked about that in three buckets: fiscal year ‘23, the $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion with – for cost take-out here. We are talking about $4 billion between ‘23 and ‘25 and then in the Network 2.0 of $2 billion after that. So those are significant numbers. We are confident in these numbers. We have identified domains with targets. We have people who are focusing on run the business and people focused on transform the business. And we are using cutting-edge technology and some of it is already coming on live here. And all of this is in motion as we speak to deliver value as quickly as possible. So we are confident, we are committed, and this is definitely the focus of the entire team. As far as TNT is concerned, since you asked that question, you got to go back and look at the – a little bit of history here. There is a portfolio gap that we had in Europe that our competition has – has been in Europe since 1974 and it took – it’s a very important business and profitable business for them. We had to fill that portfolio gap. Now has the integration gone exactly the way we thought it would? No, because we had the cyber-attack, we had COVID, we had all kinds of things in the middle. But the integration is now complete, and the – that part of it is done. We had – the service issues are getting better. And we have in our portfolio to sell in Europe that’s unmatched and sales is getting on the front foot. So this is a starting point, if you would call, and that’s why we are confident of the improvements that Europe is going to deliver for us over the next 2 or 3 years. And again, on the issue of Network 2.0, it’s very easy to say yes, put it together and look at the numbers, yes, that’s great. But the complexity of – from a technology perspective, from a facilities perspective, other issues is far greater. And most importantly, we have $4 billion of in-network efficiencies we can get relatively easier than that. And by the way, we’re building technology that will enable us to get the Network 2.0. So we think it’s a right sequence.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi, sort of question for you, in light of what could you have done different in the quarter. I guess the magnitude of the Express drop-off is so sharp and I get that volumes decelerated. But I’m just curious, like how did it catch you so off-guard? How do you protect against that in the future? And I would have thought that with the contractual customers you’ve had, you might have had more of a heads-up that this deceleration was coming. So maybe you could talk to that. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Let me talk about the – talk about timing and then maybe Brie, if you want to add about what’s up on the customers. But the volume did drop off quite suddenly towards the end of the quarter. As you know, we have a complex system form with which multiple constituencies around that. And there is a time lag between the actions we can take on reducing the line haul network. And that’s all it is. So as I said, in October, you will see the full benefit of those takedowns. In terms of customer trends, I don’t know, Brie, if you want to add anything more?
Brie Carere: Yes. What I will say is that from a customer perspective, our customers are incredibly sticky. And what we experienced, especially in August, both in Asia and here in the United States is two things, is their demand actually wasn’t there and our customers missed their own forecasts. So I think from a customer relationship perspective, we are working with them furiously to help them manage their – the difficulties that they are experiencing in their own business. But from a customer stickiness perspective, this is absolutely a reduction of demand within their own business, not a share loss implication.
Mike Lenz: Yes, Jordan, this is Mike. We also are very intently focused on identifying these variable costs and shortening the time span of which we can realize the reduction there. So again, there is a span and continuum across different lines of business and nature of costs, but we are intently focused on shortening that horizon.
Operator: We will take our next question from Helane Becker with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, team. So just kind of wondering if you could be more specific on flights that you’re reducing and parking aircraft to get to this $1.6 billion-ish number, like how should we think about the trade lanes that are going to be impacted and maybe the number of aircraft that are going to be on the ground or do you change your Boeing delivery schedule?
Raj Subramaniam: I’ll – let me hit the trade lanes first and then we will go to aircraft. I think we have – we’ve taken down 11% of Trans-Pacific daily frequencies, 9% of transatlantic daily frequencies and 17% of daily frequencies in the lane between Asia and Europe. And we will continue to look at it and we will see what needs to happen post peak, depending upon how the volume we will sold. Mike?
Mike Lenz: Yes, Helane. In taking that down, we’re maintaining connectivity and service in the network but there is lower volume so we need less lift. So as a result, we identified the need to – the opportunity to park aircraft, just as we have demonstrated in the past, the equivalent of about eight narrow-bodies is what we will be idling temporarily. And so as you can appreciate, that defers maintenance spending that we otherwise would have had. And of course, you save the operating costs of not flying. So we will continue to take that approach for how conditions unfold.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Wetherbee with Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Good afternoon. I guess I wanted to understand the process of the cost-outs, particularly this year. So I think you guys mentioned that $300 million of cost savings is in the fiscal first quarter, another $700 million is realized or expected to be realized in the second quarter. So that’s about 40% or so over the full year, yet the results are running at a level that is about half of what we expected just a week or so ago. So is this the kind of run rate we should expect as we move into the back half of the year with that extra $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion of costs coming in? Or is there improvement? I guess I’m just struggling, particularly with the second quarter with the $700 million of cost savings relative to EBIT for the total company, which may be in the neighborhood of $1 billion or a little bit north of that.
Mike Lenz: Okay, Chris, so this is Mike. Let me take that in two parts. First, you asked about the second quarter in that. So as we emphasize, we saw the downturn in the demand in the latter part of Q1. And as we expect those trends to persist through all of Q2, while we’ve accelerated or we will realize more of the cost savings in Q2 as you highlight, we also have 3 full months of that step change in demand that occurred late in Q1. So that certainly pressures Q2 margins. As we go through the year, the savings build and we expect then that the pressures relative to Q2 will mitigate as we go through – be less as we go through the year.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. Good afternoon. Just before I get to the question, I just wanted to understand why you chose to launch your Q&A with CNBC versus hosting a conference call. I just want to understand the philosophy of what we can expect of the message going forward and how you plan on distributing it. Obviously, you had technical issues today, but just to try to understand why you chose that route in getting a message out. But my question is, how do you solve the festering Ground contractor issue? It seems like you talked about purchase transportation cost scaling. You mentioned in your statements, you’ve pulled some networks. Some have turned their routes in. It seems like there is really deep concern. Is there opportunity to use this, I don’t know whether the cost savings or something, to change the structure there, to resolve some of these issues that the contractors seem to have. Thanks.
Mike Lenz: Hi, Ken, this is Mike. First, as it relates to your question about the prerelease, so we felt that was appropriate for the circumstances. That’s consistent with market practices and, quite frankly, allowed us to use more time today to be talking about how we’re going to address it and our future plans.
Raj Subramaniam: As far as the perceived issues on the Ground side, let me just assure you, first of all, that the service levels at FedEx Ground are now reached pre-pandemic levels and we are very well positioned for peak. The 6,000 contractors, we have 96% of them have signed the peak incentive program. And to put that in perspective, this is running ahead of where we were last year. So a lot of those were in the media. They are all much more of a perception issue than reality, and we are well positioned for peak and we have the support from our team.
Operator: We will take our next question from Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks. Hi, everyone. Mike, I just wanted to ask about the cost-out initiatives this year and if it’s a gross or net number. Because obviously, the company has a $90 billion cost structure. If it’s not net, $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion, it may sound like a lot but if you have 3% inflation on that number, it wipes out the entirety of the cost savings. So I want to know how you think about that if that’s a fair or unfair way of characterizing it. And then just very simply, are Express profits going up from here in the fiscal second quarter or are they going down from here, if you can just answer that as well? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: So Amit, first, as we said, the $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion is relative to our cost plans that we had coming into the year. Now as you rightfully observed, we, as everybody else in the world, is experiencing unprecedented levels of inflation, and so that absolutely impacts our base costs. I guess the best way I would characterize it for you is on an absolute cost basis, the first quarter is the largest of the absolute year-over-year increase. As we move through the year, that will mitigate as the cost initiatives take traction here, and that will offset the cost inflation down the road. I’m sorry, what was the second question?
Amit Mehrotra: Well, just if you’re just giving me a chance to follow-up on that. And then the second question was if Express profits are going up from where we were in the fiscal first quarter, the 1.7% margin or even just absolute profits, are they going up or are they going down in the second quarter? And the way you characterized the answer just now, it just seems like there is still no – if inflation offsets the growth cost takeout, then basically all of the revenue decline prospectively drops to the bottom line. And so I just wanted to understand how you – if you agree with that or how you think about that.
Mike Lenz: No, it wouldn’t drop to the bottom line because of the actions we’re taking. We’re reducing costs to adjust to a lower demand environment. So while that doesn’t leave us at the expectations that we highlighted – that we outlined in June, it’s certainly the case that we’re significantly mitigating that as we go through the year. As it relates to Express, I would – as I highlighted earlier, the demand downturn, particularly in Asia Pacific, and in Europe occurred late in Q1. So Q2 will be – we will see margin pressure, again, at Express, not dissimilar to what we experienced in Q1. But the structural initiatives really gain hold at Express as we move through Q2. So as you think about the overall cost-outs, Express has more as we move through the year because just of the timing of the big elements there.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Okay. Thank you for taking my question. So I guess, Raj, going back to a comment you made earlier about the team, do you feel like you’ve got the right senior team in place to lead FedEx into the future? There is a clear lack of outside talent on the senior executive committee. Your largest competitor has really benefited from bringing in some outside talent over the last 5 or so years. Do you think it would make sense for FedEx to do that as you look forward to really put in some best practices and help drive improved profitability and returns? It seems like that’s sort of a missing element to the story here.
Raj Subramaniam: Jack, I think I’m very, very confident in the team that we have. There is a lot of experience here. We have several new players in place. The team is very, very excited. Obviously, we will look at external talent. We already brought an external talent on several areas of this company, so they are not worse of that at all. It’s just that we have a very, very good team, Jack, and I’m very confident that we can deliver.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Jon Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. Brie, I want to ask you about the service challenges that you referenced. I just want to make sure, is that strictly in Europe? We’re now 6 months past the finality of the integration of TNT. Are you confident that those service issues are behind you? And then the final thing is you think about cost cutting across all the regions, is there a risk that cost cutting could exacerbate some of the service issues going forward?
Brie Carere: Great question. And let me answer the second part first. The answer is absolutely not. At FedEx, one of the things we talk about a lot is quality-driven management and core service actually costs more. And our teams are completely aligned that we are going to reduce cost and continue to improve service. And I cannot emphasize that enough that these things will move hand in hand, and we are very confident in our service at Ground as we head here into the peak season for e-commerce. When we are talking about service in Europe, as Raj mentioned, the margin integration of the airline was successful. We successfully integrated the airline. It was very complicated and we did suffer some service challenges in March. As we stood in front of you in June, we absolutely had improvement from that March point. We did expect continued improvement in July and August. And what we experienced in Europe was a plateau in that service improvement. And I want to be really specific. When we get into Europe, the international domestic markets, when we talk about like our UK market or we talk about the France market, that domestic service is actually really, really strong. And then when we get across Europe on the deferred service offerings, it’s strong. We have to elevate the service within our overnight business in Europe, and that is our number one focus from a service perspective. And yes, I am confident that Karen and her team will continue to improve there. But I just wanted to kind of give you that background of kind of where we’re at and what we’re looking at moving forward. And absolutely, our entire team knows, reduce cost and improve service.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. So regarding the GRI you announced, how do you reconcile pushing through your biggest rate increase in history at a time when your volumes are falling double digits? I mean, isn’t that going to exacerbate the volume decline?
Brie Carere: Fair question. I think the answer is inflation. Last year, we had a 5.9% increase in post, and by the way, we have just an incredible insight into our pricing discipline in the market and the commercial tools the team have are just best-in-class. So last year, we did a 5.9%. It was incredibly sticky. We had continued cost increases throughout the year, and so we felt that the 6.9% was appropriate for this year’s GRI. We will monitor post-implementation stickiness. And of course, we’re constantly looking to balance the yield and the volume and make sure that we get the right volume levels from a utilization perspective. But given the inflationary backdrop, yes, we thought this was the right increase for the year.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ari Rosa with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Ari Rosa: Great. Thanks. So Raj, as I look at FedEx Freight, it’s now producing almost 4x the operating income of Express. Just could you talk maybe about how you think about the sustainability of the performance on the Freight side, particularly as we head into a potential downturn? And then to what extent, if we see some of the strength at Freight starting to wane, is it possible that starts to eat into some of the gains that you might see from cost savings at the other units?
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Thank you, Ari, for that question. First of all, let me just say, our FedEx Freight team has done – continue to do a phenomenal job of both managing revenue quality and our operating efficiency to generate fantastic results. And they also form a great piece of our portfolio and also provide synergies on the cost side. The point that you made is important because – but we have – when there is a significant change, when we went to our last downturn, that we were very much focused on revenue quality and efficiency. And as even through the downturn, actually, the margins expanded. And so we are very disciplined in this area and we are executing the plan. We will have to watch how the market conditions change. Our volumes have actually, as you can see, have declined, and yet the margins have gone up. And the team has done a fantastic job and I expect them to do that going forward.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bruce Chan with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Bruce Chan: Yes. Thanks, operator. Raj, Brie, I just want to go back to some of your earlier comments and maybe just ask it bluntly. When you think about the miss, how much of the shortfall was volume-related and how much was from those European service issues? And maybe just a follow-up, if you can give us some color on what exactly you mean by service issues? I might have missed it but it’s not really clear to me what that means. Was it, I guess, customer attrition? And if so, can that come back? Thank you.
Brie Carere: So the short answer is the vast majority of our volume miss was macroeconomic. We talked about it kind of when you think about the miss, it really was predominantly at Express, with Asia being the largest issue. We believe that was entirely macroeconomic. And then when we get into Europe, there was a split between service and the macroeconomic decline. I will tell you two things. From a service perspective, when we say service issues, specifically what we’re talking about is on the Express portfolio within Europe, across the European network is that we are not hitting that time-definite mark at the level that we expect of FedEx. And so we need to kind of increase that service commitment there. What I will tell you is that the sales team and our customer base absolutely wants FedEx participating in this market. And we have had strong indications that customers are looking for us in their portfolio in Europe. We have great relationships with large globals here in the United States, and they want us as part of their portfolio in Europe. So I’m very optimistic about the future in Europe.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Raj, you’ve managed through a lot of change at FedEx since 2016. Just to mention the TNT acquisition, the cyber-attack, the trade war downturn and the pandemic, a change in leadership from a founder and whatever we’re going to call the cyclical reversal when we look back on it in a few years here. But as you step back and reflect, are there any management mistakes that FedEx did make? And if so, what can you learn from those mistakes to set your customers and your shareholders up for success over the next 3 to 5 years? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, Bascome, I think that’s an excellent question. And let me just think about this for a second. You see, 2016 was we’re primarily in the B2B space. And when you look ahead of the market, we thought 90% of the growth for the next 5 years is going to be e-commerce and 10% B2B. Well, you look back now and look at that time frame, we see almost, not 90% but more than 100% of the growth came from e-commerce. So we actually expanded our e-commerce portfolio in a big way and expanded our operations. We’re very proud of the work we did in creating this portfolio of services in this time frame. We also did one of the most important work in the history of the company, especially with Express by delivering vaccines and health care around the world and especially in the time of the great pandemic, where operating a network like ours around the world was extraordinarily complex with changing circumstances. So I’m extremely proud of the team for having executed that. So this is the timeframe we’re talking about. So what we did not anticipate, to be perfectly honest with you, was the tremendous inflation of costs that hit us squarely last year. And that was what really got us. And even with that, we had tremendous results in fiscal year ‘22 from an EPS perspective. But we absorbed a lot of costs from the inflation side of the house. And then, of course, and now that we’re dealing with this situation, we had to build capacity and now we have more capacity than we need. So could we have timed that a little better? I don’t know how you’re going to calculate it. It’s like you can’t build half a building. So it’s just – it is now we are in a position to – as we laid out at the investor meeting, we are focusing on the things we have control. We are – our focus is now on improvement of margins, improvement of ROIC and improve our capital intensive. That’s what we’re going to do. And this – again, the economic upturn or downturn, forget about that for a second. Let’s focus on the things we can control. And that’s why this tremendous cost focus and the structural costs that we are talking about, that’s going to get us to these targets.
Operator: We will take our next question from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Todd Fowler: Hi, great. Thanks and good evening. So I just want to make sure I understand the underlying macro assumptions. Mike, is it that the trends that you saw in August, that, that’s kind of the run rate now going into the second quarter? Or do you expect some further deceleration from where we were in August? And then is there a risk that there is contagion or we see weakness in Asia and then that comes into the U.S. or just kind of how are you thinking about the geographic piece of it? And then lastly, we typically have seen price follow volume. And so is there a risk on the yield front that as volumes slow, that price follows after that? Thanks.
Mike Lenz: Okay, Todd. So yes, the basic underlying planning assumptions that we are using is that the demand levels that we experienced in late August will continue through the rest of the year, and so that we’re taking actions accordingly to react to that. So that’s the operating assumption now. I don’t have a crystal ball about contagion in that. But rest assured, we are going to be continuing to focus on the things we can control. And if we need to make further adjustments and reductions in the cost structure, we will move quickly and decisively.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Kauffman: Thank you very much. And thank you for the guidance on the cost savings as well. I just wanted to ask because I noticed that the other corporate and overhead part of operating income was about $100 million higher than a year ago. It costs money to park planes and I don’t know if you’re furloughing pilots or you’re reducing those hours. It costs money to reduce routes or consolidate sorts or shut down offices. Do you guys have any estimate for where those costs are going to be? How much they are going to be? Where are they running through the regular P&L during the quarter? Or was that the $100 million in incremental costs that I saw going through kind of corporate office and other?
Mike Lenz: Jeff, yes. Let me just specifically address the $100 million, you can put it into two pieces. We had a specific customer bad debt reserve that we booked for $80 million at FedEx Logistics. And so while we are pursuing legal action, it was the appropriate reserve to take at this point in time. And then while we separate it out in terms of our adjusted earnings, there is also $24 million of our business realignment is in that corporate/other line. So maybe that gives a little more context for what’s there. To clarify as far as any other – no charges or anything that was specific to the items you were asking about.
Raj Subramaniam: And there is also no furlough of the pilots. That’s not even a thing.
Operator: We will take our next question from David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, good afternoon. So I appreciate the added color on the cost saves, but reductions from baseline, kind of difficult to book as profitability. 10 weeks ago, we were looking at a low $20 – EPS number going to something in the low $30s. Is there any to think that those targets for earnings power have actually shifted as a result of what’s happening in the market right now or are we just pushing those out? And does the $4 billion of extra cost saves just kind of gets you back to that 10% margin level?
Mike Lenz: I think, David, the way to frame it is that we fully recognize that the external environment has changed more than we expected. So we’re focused on delivering the margin improvement, lowering the capital intensity that we highlighted, but it’s absolutely the case that a greater emphasis will be put on the cost reductions. And so that’s what we’re highlighting here today. And we have the specific initiatives and plans in place to go after that and realize that as supportive of the goals that we outlined.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jairam Nathan with Daiwa. Please go ahead.
Jairam Nathan: Hi, thanks for taking the question. So I just wanted to clarify. Are there any – should we account for any cash restructuring expenses or anything of that sort for these cost savings?
Mike Lenz: So to clarify, for the cost savings that we’ve identified for FY ‘23, no, there is nothing associated with that. Now previously, as we talked about the broader business optimization initiatives over a number of years, we scoped that, that could be potentially in the $2 billion range but that is over a longer time horizon. But the near-term cost initiatives, there is no special charge for that.
Operator: That concludes today’s question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the conference back to Raj Subramaniam for any additional or closing remarks.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, thank you very much. And in closing, let me just say, it goes without saying, it was a challenging quarter. This is a real critical moment in time for FedEx to execute and I’m very confident that we will. The actions we are taking are key components on the path to achieve our long-term targets and make FedEx stronger for a better tomorrow. Thank you for your time today, and thank you for your interest in FedEx.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-06-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. The fourth quarter earnings release and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about 1 year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and COO [Sic] [CEO]; Mike Lenz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Brie Carere, Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Officer. And now Raj will share his views on the quarter.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Mickey, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to start by thanking team FedEx for continuing to move the world forward amid unanticipated challenges. This is most recently displayed during Operation Fly Formula, where in response to the critical shortage rippling across the United States, we have moved hundreds of 1000s of pounds of baby formula from Europe to the U.S. And this weekend, our team will move 52 tons of medical relief to Poland for Ukrainian refugees in coordination with Direct Relief International. Now, turning to our financials, I'm proud to share that in the face of an increasingly challenging global backdrop we finished fiscal '22 with our highest ever revenue of $93.5 billion and adjusted operating income of $6.9 billion, both up 11% year-over-year. This is a testament to our value proposition and continued execution against our long-term strategy. As I shared on the last call, we have worked through many network inefficiencies caused by labor shortages. Although wage rates remain higher than this time last year, they're stabilizing. Still COVID-related conditions slowed global recovery and pressured second half performance. While Q4 volumes were down year-over-year and all our transportation segments compared to the extra ordinary fiscal year '21 we successfully implemented strategic actions that drove double-digit yield improvement across the board with Express composite yield per package up 20%, ground up 11% and freight yield per shipment up 28%. We remain focused on revenue quality as one of the key levers to help offset the ongoing macroeconomic pressures and driving improved margins going forward. Turning to Express, even in the face of higher operating expenses related to inflationary pressures, we delivered improved quarterly operating income and revenue. Our full execution of our new revenue management actions has allowed us to overcome headwinds from COVID lock downs in Asia and geopolitical uncertainty in Europe. At FedEx Ground, we experienced modest revenue growth driven by higher yields as a result of pricing actions and improved volume mix. Volumes declined year-over-year due to our efforts to constrain economy volume as well as slower customer demand. We will continue to leverage opportunities to maximize utilization of existing facilities through operational adjustments, including multiple preload and relay operations. Ground operating expenses continued to be pressured by higher purchase transportation and wage rates although we see these pressures stabilizing. We continue to proactively address labor availability head on through multiple levers. As we increase the frontline retention and refine the recently launched package handlers scheduling tool, we will not only ensure we have the right level of staffing for every sort based on volume, we will ensure a workforce that is safe, efficient and highly engaged to stay and grow with the company. Additionally, we are implementing several technology based initiatives that are driving increased productivity in our line haul and dock operations, as well as continuing our efforts to optimize the last mile. We're seeing early benefit from these efforts with productivity of ground dock operations improving 6% in Q4 compared to Q3. FedEx Freight once again delivered outstanding results with the fourth quarter operating margin of almost 22% driven by a continued focus on revenue quality. A job well done to Lance Moll on his first full fiscal year as Freight CEO and to our Freight and Commercial teams for the solid execution. As we look ahead to fiscal year '23, we expect the macroeconomic risks both in the U.S. and globally to continue to put stress on supply chains and trade. Brie will cover this in more detail shortly. Let me though reaffirm confidence in our key strategies. As CEO, my focus is maximizing total shareholder return driven by improved revenue quality, higher margins and a balanced capital allocation strategy, which Mike will provide more color on shortly. Importantly, our foundational long-term investments have set the stage for another strong year driven by focus on lowering our cost to serve. A great example of where we are going to lower our cost to serve is in Europe. The integrated network and consolidation of many flights into our Charles de Gaulle hub allows us to improve operational efficiency and enhances our network. For instance, since April, the number of European airports we service from CDG increased by 71%, the number of flights intra Europe was reduced by 13%. We are confident that actions like those will drive bottom-line improvement in fiscal year ’23. As we move forward, I’m honored to lead our global team, who enable FedEx to deliver what's next. And speaking of what's next, we are looking forward to hosting our investors in Memphis in a few days. Our goal for this two-day event is for attendees to leave with a deep understanding of our strategies, including financial targets and priorities and how we plan to execute. Now before I turn it over to Brie, I'd like to say a few words about FedEx Express President and CEO, Don Colleran, whose 40-year career with FedEx has been nothing but short of exceptional. As one of the pioneers of our international business, he helped lay a foundation for the significant growth in that sector of the FedEx portfolio. Since assuming his current role in 2019, he has launched new capabilities for our customers, and led our global FedEx Express team through some of the most challenging times, including the COVID pandemic. As announced in March, Don will move into the CEO executive advisor role in September of this year in support of Richard Smith's transition to the CEO of FedEx Express, and will retire from FedEx in December. Don, we appreciate your service and countless contributions to this company. We wish you nothing but the best in your well-deserved next chapter. And now let me turn it over to Brie, who last week was named Chief Customer Officer in a move that aligns several teams under her leadership to give us even greater focus on our commercial strategy and our end-to-end customer experience. So Brie.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj. It's an honor and a privilege to take on this responsibility to deliver for our customers and drive quality growth for our shareholders. I'd like to reflect on fiscal year '22 then drill down to fourth quarter '22 revenues. Finally, I will discuss the outlook for fiscal year 2023. Fiscal Year 2022 was another year of change for FedEx. The operating environment was quite challenging, requiring flexibility and creativity on the part of our management, staff and frontline team members to ensure we deliver for our customers. I am proud of how our team rose to this challenge. We executed against our commercial strategy and remained intently focused on revenue quality across the business. In the fourth quarter, our consolidated revenue increased 8% year-over-year, revenue management actions drove our growth, which was partially offset by lower shipment demand. FedEx Ground and FedEx Express generated year-over-year revenue growth of 4% and 6% respectively, despite lower volume levels. At FedEx Ground yield management actions affecting our FedEx Ground economy service as the primary factor behind volume declines, with FedEx Ground economy volumes down 36%; [Technical Difficulty] past, our commercial and our home delivery volumes declined 1% due to macroeconomic conditions. And FedEx Express COVID locked down, geopolitical uncertainty and slower economic growth contributed to package volume declines of 11%. In some areas, we also selectively reduced volume to ensure we could deliver the service that is expected of FedEx. FedEx Freight had a banner revenue quality quarter and growing yield at 28%. FedEx Freight market leading value proposition combined with the disciplined execution of our sales team drove these exceptional results. The FedEx Freight team continues to do a phenomenal job of managing revenue quality. Now, let me take a moment to discuss 2023. We anticipate consumers will keep spending and their spending will continue tilting towards services from goods. We expect more consumers to return to stores. With this backdrop, we do expect pressure on B2C volumes. Through May industrial activity has been solid but today's June flash PMI was a sharp decline. Further after a strong build late last year and early this year inventory restocking is slowing. This will dampen freight demand. Our international businesses continue to navigate a dynamic environment. Global trade growth has slowed from disruptions related to lock downs in China and the conflict in Ukraine limiting the flow of goods and reducing international export volumes. We do anticipate supply chain disruptions throughout the fiscal year. We continue to expect passenger airlines to fully recover to pre-COVID levels, and that that recovery will take some time. Belly capacity on passenger Airlines is expected to remain constrained in fiscal year 2023. Resulting our pricing environment still favorable to FedEx is a little less than before. The Europe to Asia lane is estimated to recover in Q1 calendar year 24 and belly capacity on Trans Pacific Airlines is estimated to recover in Q3 calendar year 24. Commercial capacity between Europe and Asia is not expected to recover until Q1 of calendar year 2025. Our fiscal '23 forecast assumes a normalized economic environment. The factors I discussed earlier have been incorporated and into our volume forecast. Our volume forecast has low single digit volume growth. We've also prepared plans to manage through slowing economic environment if required. We will take costs and revenue actions to mitigate the impact of further economic softening, incorporating the lessons learned over the last two extraordinary years. In fiscal 23, we will execute a very targeted growth strategy. We will prioritize revenue quality and are intent on pursuing business that provides attractive yields on our assets. We expect the pricing environment will remain rational here in the United States and also around the world. We believe that the systemic changes, especially ecommerce, peak surcharges are durable changes for the industry. We are closely monitoring both inflation and fuel prices. And as a reminder, we adjust our fuel surcharge weekly in response to market rate. I am confident we have the tools to get to continue getting inflation plus pricing. Strong revenue quality is possible because we will target customers who value FedEx has unique capabilities. Let me talk about four of our favorite capabilities. First, we are the really only provider to bundle our parcel and LTL portfolio. Second, FedEx Ground has two very significant advantages over our primary competitor. FedEx Ground is faster to more locations than UPS Ground and FedEx Ground delivers on Sunday, while UPS does not. Third, we continue to evolve our digital portfolio. Express and ground are the first nationwide carriers to announce we will provide a picture proof of delivery for every U.S. residential delivery that doesn't require a signature. And fourth, we have a robust intercontinental offering for both B2B and B2B segments. FedEx provides fabulous solutions for the world's manufacturing, health care, high tech and ecommerce customers. In closing, this has been an extraordinary year for FedEx. We generated strong growth executed on our revenue quality strategy and overcame industry wide challenges. Our plan for fiscal 23 incorporate a dynamic environment. And we have the right strategies and the right team in place to deliver profitable growth and margin improvement. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for his remarks.
Mike Lenz: Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everyone. We had a strong fourth quarter with adjusted earnings per share improving 37% year-over-year, revenue increasing 8% and consolidated adjusted operating margin expanding 50 basis points to 9.2%. These results reflect the outcome of the revenue management emphasis Brie described as we aggressively adjust to mitigate continued inflationary cost pressures. Notable fourth quarter year-over-year expense items included higher shelf insurance costs primarily at ground, as well as a roughly $130 million impact from higher rates for both wages and purchase transportation. Offsetting these headwinds were favorable year-over-year comparisons for variable compensation of approximately 300 million and last year's $100 million contribution to Yale University to support our carbon neutrality goals. With that overview consolidated results, I'll turn to the highlights for each of our transportation segments. Ground reported a 4% increase in revenue with operating income down approximately 260 million, resulting in an operating margin of 10%. Shelf insurance expense increased approximately $200 million, reflecting a higher loss experience, as well as an adjustment to the reserve for the projected cost of claims. There are multiple initiatives underway to mitigate the cost of risk, including new vehicle safety technology, and driver certification standards in our service provider agreements. The strong 11% yield improvement at ground was not enough to offset that headwind along with higher cost of wages and purchase transportation. Looking forward, the continued revenue quality emphasis in conjunction with specific productivity and workforce initiatives will drive improved profitability. Stabilization of the labor market will also support further traction in these areas. And Express adjusted operating income increased by nearly 10% year-over-year with operating margin improving by 20 basis points to 8.2%. This improvement was driven by higher yields, including the favorable net impact of fuel and lower variable compensation was more than offset volume declines. In addition, crew cost per flight hour have been further elevated as operating the network has had to accommodate not only COVID protocols, but also to the routing changes to avoid layovers and locations with stricter COVID regulations, as well as conflict airspace. Freight had an incredible finish to the year with revenue for the fourth quarter, increasing 23% and operating profit growing 67%. These outstanding results are a testimony to freights continued focus on revenue quality and profitable share growth as we build on our strengths as the leader in the LTL market. Turning to FY’ 23, we are projecting continued momentum with a range of 9% to 19% adjusted earnings per share improvement. We expect margin expansion in all of our transportation segments on an adjusted basis as we executed on key priorities, including enhanced revenue quality beyond inflation, technology driven operational efficiency improvements and increasing utilization of our assets. As we began fiscal 2023, we are seeing the lower customer demand translate experience in the fourth quarter continue into June and expect first quarter volumes will continue to be pressured. In addition, Express continues to experience flight constraints due to crew COVID protocols, as has been highlighted industry wide. We do expect both Express air network efficiency and year-over-year volume comparisons across all of our transportation segments to strengthen as we go through the fiscal year. In addition, our outlook includes an approximately $450 million non-cash pension headwind through the lower asset returns realized in fiscal 2022. This is all below the line expense that will be recognized evenly over the year. Our retirement plans operating expense will be relatively flat as lower pension expense will be offset by higher 401(k) expense. And as a reminder, our primary U.S. pension plans were closed to new entrants beginning in 2020. And we introduced a new 401(k) plan with a higher company match in January of 2022. Our projection for the full year effective tax rate is approximately 24% prior to the mark-to-market retirement plan adjustments, and costs related to business optimization initiatives. Turning to capital allocation, our fiscal 2022 adjusted free cash flow of 3.6 billion supported a repurchase of approximately 2.2 billion of our stock and 800 million of dividend payments. In addition, we funded 500 million in voluntary pension contributions and ended the year with a solid $6.9 billion in cash. As we look to fiscal 2023, we remain focused on driving total shareholder return and thoughtfully allocating capital. First, we will continue to invest in an attractive ROIC initiatives. Fiscal 2023 capital expenditures are projected to be roughly the same as the 6.8 billion invested during fiscal 22 which came in lower than our initial $7.2 billion estimate as supply chain considerations extended timelines. Facility investment at Ground will decline as well aircraft expenditures at Express, offsetting that is increasing investment in vehicle replacement, including rollout of our vehicle electrification initiatives, as well as additional automation projects. We project fiscal 2023, CapEx as a percent of revenue to be under 7% compared to 7.2% for fiscal 2022. Next, we expect to repurchase an additional $1.5 billion of stock in the first half of fiscal 2023. And of course, as we announced last week, we are raising our dividend by over 50%, which increases our adjusted payout ratio to over 20%. These significant shareholder return advances reflect confidence in our continued execution and ability to adapt to the evolving market. And lastly, I'd add we are projecting $800 million of voluntary pension contributions to the U.S. plans. So we enter fiscal 2023 with a strong foundation for driving improved profitability and returns. We are mindful of the uncertainty across many fronts, including the pace of global economic activity, inflation, energy prices, additional pandemic developments and further geopolitical risks that are actively adjusting to these changing circumstances. In closing, we are focused on delivering shareholder value by driving profitable revenue growth, expanding margins, lowering our capital intensity, and improving returns to shareholders. And we look forward to sharing additional insights about our plans for this year and beyond at our investor meeting next week here in Memphis. Now we'll be happy to address your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good afternoon, everyone. And Raj and Brie, congrats on the new roles, obviously. Look guys, I know you want to discuss the future next week and we'll be in Memphis for sure. But Raj, could you just give us, what are your priorities for FedEx, obviously, there's a pretty big change after 51 years under, prior leadership and very big shoes to fill after Mr. Smith. And one thing that keeps coming up on this call is revenue quality. So could you just give us a little bit more insight into that perceived change, at least that I'm picking up on?
Raj Subramaniam: And thank you, Brandon. I will start here and then have Brie talk a little bit more about revenue quality in a minute. But firstly, you're 100% right, we're building on a very strong foundation. And we're very fortunate to have had the opportunity to work so closely with Fred over the years, and we have a strong foundation to build from. My strategy is pretty straightforward. The number one element we talked about is revenue quality. And again, we will come in more about that. The second part of the strategy is going to be improve operating margins in each of our operating companies. And we will be extremely disciplined on our capital allocation and drive total shareholder return. So we'll look forward to sharing more with you next week. But let me turn it over to Brie to talk about revenue quality.
Brie Carere: Sure, thanks, Raj. I think, yes, we've mentioned revenue quality a couple of times. We're operating in a very large market and it's not a homogenous market. We have spent a lot of investment getting to the place we are today. And we are incredibly proud of that value proposition. And so we're very focused on customers who value that. And so we're being selective in this market. We're targeting B2B, we're targeting small business. And we're really targeting customers that value the speed and the reliability we provide.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Okay, great. Thank you for taking my question. I guess Brie for you, you noted in your comments that you expected continued above inflationary pricing. I guess when we look at Ground in particular, it doesn't feel like we've been able to see that over the last year at least, with margins down 250 basis points or so, where do you think the disconnect is there? And I guess, as you look forward, perhaps is it a function of maybe the benefits from the pricing initiatives are going to be coming in 23. And we're seeing some lessening of some of these inflationary pressures. Maybe if you could just kind of help us walk through that. That'd be helpful. Thank you.
Brie Carere: Sure. Happy to Jack. So I think from a revenue quality perspective, if you look at the fourth quarter, we're actually quite pleased with the revenue quality that we were able to secure at FedEx Ground. I think two other things that is important to know within the mix of FedEx Ground, we're also very pleased that we've got the right mix. B2B is actually up and small business mix is up in the fourth quarter. So we're very pleased with that. I will say what is pressuring and honestly, what will pressure us as we move forward, is weights will come down, depending on the economy, so that is putting some pressure and then of course zone also was impacting that. But within each sell at FedEx Ground, we're quite confident that we are getting more for each package that we move, we're very pleased with the progress.
Mike Lenz: And Jack, this is Mike. I want to make sure we emphasize too, it's not singularly driven by revenue quality in terms of how we drive ground margins further going forward. We won't repeat the labor challenges of last year, obviously. But in terms of the active initiatives we have underway, we'll get further maturation of the productivity initiatives that we started last year. We've got additional ones coming on later this year. And I alluded to, we've got multiple efforts to mitigate the liability costs and we wouldn't expect the rate of increase that we have experienced in the last couple of years on that front.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, great, thanks. Good afternoon, I wanted to ask about the guidance, the EPS guidance, I guess it sounds like there are some headwinds, or at least normalizations in your economic forecast, as you think forward. Yet, from an earnings perspective, obviously, it's a wide range, but the upper end of that range is a nice acceleration in terms of earnings growth and what we've seen. I know there are some headwinds that you've been facing in fiscal 22, that presumably turned to tailwind or at least sort of get mitigated as we go forward. But I kind of wanted to square the sort of body language around the economy being a little bit soft there, but with the optimism about earnings power accelerating from where we are, so can you just help us a little bit with that?
Mike Lenz: Well, Chris, this is Mike. I will give a little context around us by thinking around the range, and then Brie can give further backdrop for the economic perspective. But yes, we certainly are mindful of the conditions and uncertainty in the environment ahead. It's a wider range than we put out there last year exactly for that consideration. At the same time, though, we're confident that let’s say, it's balanced and achievable outcome that we can navigate amidst the uncertainty that's out there. So we felt that it was appropriate and where we need to get to.
Brie Carere: I think the only other thing that I will add, as we kind of look at our number one, from a volume forecast perspective, we were conservative, and the range in the volume itself. And then as we go through the year, the comps in the back half, especially here from a domestic perspective, they're actually a little bit easier for us. So we've taken both kind of the economy into consideration, the size of the market, and obviously the year-over-year, but right now we feel pretty good about the range we have.
Operator: And our next question comes from Amit Mehrotra.
Amit Mehrotra: Hey, thanks, operator. Hi, everyone. Raj congrats on the appointment. Wish you really all the success in the world. I guess you guys are preparing to provide the mid to long-term profit targets next week. And it's been a while, so I think that'll be quite welcome. But the question really is, we've seen a lot of uncertainty over the last several quarters, it's an incredibly fast moving market, inflation is really high. And that's actually caused you guys to miss even the nearest of profitability targets. And so the question is, as you guys prepare to come out with these multiyear target, most likely [through] (ph) to the businesses, where does the confidence come from that you're going to be able to hit those targets? And is there an element of cost or idiosyncratic opportunity related to efficiency where gives you guys and should give us confidence in being able to hit that given the experience of last year? And Mike, just related to that, if the company is asking investors to gain confidence in multiyear targets, I think it would be helpful to have some goalposts here and now, around 2023, around what underpins the 15% EPS growth in 2023, with respect to ground margins and express margins, hopefully, I don't know if you guys are willing to engage with that question. But I think it would be helpful to set that up ahead of giving these multiyear targets. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Amit thank you very much and also appreciate your question. We have -- the last year has been quite challenging from many respects, as we -- as it build out our networks and expanded our ecommerce portfolio. And then we had the labor challenges that were quite unexpected, though they took $1.4 billion in FY 22, because of unexpected labor challenges, one, some due to network inefficiencies, and some just rate. So as we look ahead, the foundation that we have built, the ecommerce portfolio that we have, and we are in the center of an ecosystem for ecommerce on several customers. Then we are essentially a critical infrastructure for ecommerce. And we are doing a lot of things to make sure that we improve our productivity through technology initiatives that will launch in this fiscal year 23. We will continue to focus on as we talked about revenue quality before, I think the markets there for that. And then improve our performance in Europe. And so I think there are several things that we can do to execute and we're confident and the ranges we gave you. Mike?
Mike Lenz: Yes, Amit. Well, first, certainly, look, I highlighted three specific elements for ground cost improvements and efficiencies that we will be elaborating on further details next week. And as I said, we expect margin improvement at all of our transportation segments. And the most significant one will be at ground relative to FY 22, looking at FY 23. So appreciate the feedback there and absolutely understand that we need to give specifics and what are the actions that will get us there? I will take one exception there about target in this comment you made, our annual EPS for fiscal 22 fell within the range of guidance that we gave you a year ago. So while I appreciate there may have been different twists and turns along the way, in terms of how we got there, it was indeed within what was a pretty narrow range given all things considered.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tom Wadewitz with UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, great. Appreciate it. And also, others said have said this but we're really looking forward to the further detail next week and the kind of new direction or new elements of the strategy. So looking forward to that. When you look at the fiscal 23, because that's what we're focused on today. Can you give us a sense of just magnitude of some of these big pieces, is it two thirds of it is revenue quality that's giving you the growth? And cost is smaller and cost can grow over time? Or is it something that, cost is a pretty big component of your margin improvement, your earnings growth, just trying to get a sense of the kind of relative frame of that. And I guess I would also kind of look back to the analyst meeting 10 years ago, where you had the Express Improvement Program, and you had a lot of improvement, but it took a couple of years to see that. So, I guess just trying to figure out how quickly we see some of the costs and productivity measures come through, and how big of a component that is versus price and revenue quality in fiscal 23?
Mike Lenz: Okay, Tom, there's a lot packed into that, again, but much of what's in terms of fleshing out details, and that is something that we can elaborate on and spend a whole lot more time on next week. But as Brie mentioned, the volume growth in the projection here for 23 is low single digit. So while there is continued yield opportunity, because of the inflationary environment, and because of the capabilities and value that our networks provide, we do have meaningful, significant costs and efficiency initiatives underway. I talked about how we're lowering our facility investment at Ground, the emphasis now is on utilizing the capacity that we have, sweating the assets and driving further efficiencies and productivity there. Raj mentioned to that, how we schedule our people in that to get an optimally targeted and resourced per sort in that. So there’s no sort of single magic bullet to point to there, but it’s a number of concrete, real initiatives across the enterprise that will allow us to achieve the results that we need to get to.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jon Chappell with Evercore ISI.
Jon Chappell: Thank you. Good afternoon. Brie there is some high profile entrants in the market so to speak, who's clearly over hired added a lot of capacity and others talk of trimming a significant amount of capacity in the next 12 months or so. As you think about the network in general, what's FedEx’s opportunity and its risk for maybe, some laying off some people where you've had some labor issues in the past, and also spare capacity and what that may do to pricing in the business over the next 12 months?
Brie Carere: Thanks, Jon. Very fair question. I think a couple of things. Number one, we've absolutely planned conservatively, so that we really can focus on those customers that value us. We have over the last couple of years done, I think a tremendous job negotiating mid- to long-term contracts that I think puts us in a really good place to stabilize the base of our volume. So to Mike's point, if things do soften from an economy perspective, I think we're in a really good position. And we're going to focus on disciplined revenue quality, disciplined targeted growth. And that will be kind of via our primary focus versus kind of selling the network from an alternative perspective. So I feel pretty good about where we are, despite some of the competitive activity and some of the other headlines while reading.
Operator: And our next question will come from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Hi, good evening. So first on the labor inefficiency, is there a way to quantify what that headwind was to grounding? Have you quantified the absolute wage increase? And then in line with that, a lot of productivity initiatives out there based on your volume outlook, is there a way to think or quantify what those eventual productivity initiatives will contribute to margin expansion in 23, particularly in ground? Just any color there? Thanks.
Mike Lenz: Okay, so Allison, yes, this is Mike. The ground network inefficiency aspect of the labor availability for FY 22, we pegged that at roughly 300 million. So that was certainly most prevalent in the first half of the year. So I think that addresses that. For the second part of your question.
Allison Poliniak: I know the context of your low single digit volume increase, a lot of productivity initiatives. I think you talked about the technology and the software related to the doc, some improvement on that side. Is there a way to better understand what that contribution to that margin expansion would be from some of those initiatives as we look to 23 here?
Mike Lenz: Yes. So, Raj highlighted just the first leg of that roughly 6% improvement, just quarter-to-quarter. So that gives you a flavor of the opportunity ahead there. We certainly, I talked about the liability and the cost of risk. That was a significant impact to the margin and bending that going forward. That's going to definitely provide opportunity there the question earlier about, the labor market easing, even though we are hiring fewer new people that is supportive to have more efficient and a more safe operation to, than people that are more experienced. So again, all these elements come to play and good plans behind it that the team will be happy to speak further to next week.
Operator: And moving on to Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi, everyone. So yields were very strong as you noted, across the board, is there any way to at least give some big picture view how to think about the components of the yield improvement, whether it be fuel surcharge, core price mix as you've referred to revenue management, or other surcharges? Just some picture how to think about these very large improvements. Thanks.
Brie Carere: Thanks, Jordan, appreciate the question. So specifically for Q4, fuel was the largest driver of the revenue quality. We also did, quite frankly, as I mentioned earlier, I thought the team just did a tremendous job within our portfolio of managing to hold on to the really our best and most profitable volume. So when you look at kind of the volume decline, we actually moved the right way within the Express Company domestically, we had lower volumes on deferred than our overnight from a year-over-year perspective. When you look internationally, the intercontinental, the team did a really good job of stabilizing volumes there. And actually, we decided to let some international domestic volume go. And then the same thing happened within ground, we will see the huge difference in ground economy decline versus actually we did a really good job of stabilizing the commercial on the HD, of course, our highest value proposition products. So from a revenue quality perspective, while fuel was the largest driver, we also did a great job. We continue to get inflation plus renewals, and they're really working on making sure from a mix perspective, we get the revenue for the most premium part of our portfolio. So I hope that helps clarify that.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good afternoon, Raj, Brie, congrats on the positions and really almost the entire team since the start of pandemic. So again, mirror everybody's sentiment about next week and the conference. But it seems like you've had a coming out of that maybe a week ago, a big capital and return focus, the involvement of an activist, you've now talked about lowering CapEx, maybe talk about what's getting removed from the CapEx or how your thoughts on investment shifts from your prior kind of growth focus and how we should think about that, obviously, you've built a huge cash balance now and maybe talk about your thoughts on capital allocation and distribution going forward. Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: First of all, just say, the conversations with the activists here, but then I'll let Mike talk about the specific question here. We have been working on Investor Day for nearly a year and the strategies and the dividend plans are well in place. And so we know we had very strong plans, and then, long preceded any conversations that we had with anybody. And then when we had the opportunity to sit down with them is this clear alignment on where we were headed. So that was I wanted to make sure that you understood that, that this plans have been well in place for a long time. And a key part of the equation is what Mike's been talking about now.
Mike Lenz: Okay. And you're trying to get me to give away everything from next week. But I'll just -- I'll say, look, we've highlighted before that we were at a significant phase of [leaf] [ph] leading the Express air fleet. And as I said, that is going to come down, we can detail more of that going forward. We've built up the ground network, but the capabilities that are industry leading, and are going to be able to continue to realize value from that going forward and will further utilize that so we don't need to invest as much in the hard assets. We will certainly be investing in technology aspects to more fully utilize it and different -- and creative ways. So it's just a natural evolution from building to having these capabilities. And now transitioning, but I would remind you, too, we repurchased roughly 3% of our shares last year, while the dividend increase was certainly very significant. We've long been looking and striving to increase that in fact, it was the second largest percentage increase. So a few years ago, we actually had a larger percentage increase. So, again, it's just a natural evolution of where we are in terms of capital allocation and driving improved returns. And I look forward to elaborating further next week.
Operator: And moving on to Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. So I want to comes back to the impact of fuel, and Brie mentioned, it didn't sound like there's any demand destruction or trade down [indiscernible] actually better. So you can elaborate on that and expect that to continue, given where fuel prices are, where surcharges are. And then, Mike, can you just talk about how much of an impact fuel was on a net basis, as mentioned a few times in the press release, and what do you have baked into the guidance next year?
Brie Carere: Hey, Brian, you're right. In Q4, we didn't see a lot of trade down as a couple of reasons for that, obviously, from an intercontinental perspective, capacity is still quite constrained. So, if the economy does continue to soften, do I anticipate that there will be more demand for deferred portfolio? I absolutely do. But we are very focused on customers who have a bundle, who have a deferred need and have a need for our premium portfolio. And so as we look at that targeted growth, we will be very thoughtful about not just attracting customers that rely solely on our deferred portfolio, it really is about [battling] [ph] to make sure that we maximize the value of our networks. Hope that helps clarify.
Mike Lenz: Yes, Brian, look, there's many elements of fuel as a -- when you aggregate it, and as Brie has highlighted before, it's a fundamental component of the overall pricing construct. So I'm not going to parse it out in terms of one specific aspect of it. But I would say in terms of the guidance that we have, the fuel price assumption that we have in there is not as high as current fuel prices. So that is -- maybe a little more help for you on that front.
Operator: And our next question will come from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. I understand that you're modeling and guiding to the projections that you have out there and a lot of investors would love to see the economy come out with that. But as they discount, potentially worse scenarios, can you walk us through how the business in your mind would perform in a moderate to deeper recession? And whether or not there are any nuances we should consider versus that followed 40% EPS drawdowns we've seen historically in that type of environment. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Let me begin this and have Mike or Brie jump in and help me here. Firstly, let me just say that, yes, we have economic projections today out there, and some of those predictions may come down. And we are prepared for that. And we are prepared to pull some levers here, we already moving making sure that significant cost controls and we are operating in a very constrained environment from that perspective, but we will adjust networks. We will just take down flights as required, we will just match the capacities -- the demand. And that's the beauty of having a big network is we're able to flex up and down. We have demonstrated that historically as well. And so yes, there's a range of outcomes that we are ready to deal with, we're definitely not assuming a prolonged deep recession. That's not what we're assuming here. But we have some flex for some slowdown on our economy. Mike?
Mike Lenz: Yes, Bascome, just to give you some parameters around how we have adapted and adjusted, previously when the trade or macro economic backdrop, and can change on you. In February of 2020, so, just before the pandemic, obviously, we were seeing significant shifts in trade policy and demand. And as a result, we had lowered our frequencies across the Trans Pacific by 20%, from the prior year. Well, then, fast forward a few months later, the pandemic and that when we had to completely realign and shift instead of temporarily parking airplanes. We were trying to get more lift back in the air to support commerce, to support the pandemic efforts on that. So, certainly, one we've demonstrated historically and two, I think as an organization, the ability and the speed at which we were able to adjust amongst all of our networks during the pandemic, gives us every confidence and the learning that we can react faster than we may have thought we could in the past. And we are absolutely prepared to do so.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Helane Becker with Cowen.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much. Hi, everybody. So thanks for the time here. My two questions are this. The passenger airline says are hiring every pilot they can possibly get. And I probably asked you this question before, but how are you thinking about hiring and retention so that you can continue to master your network? And the other question is, I think there was an announcement earlier this week that you took 150 Electric Vehicle from BrightDrop. So I think that's out of the 2500 van order. Can you talk about the CapEx related to that and how you're thinking about sustainability efforts? And if you're going to do it next week? That's fine. I can wait.
Mike Lenz: Helane, first on the electric vehicles. That is why I spoke earlier about increasing our investment in vehicles across the board. The principal element of that is our continuing with the pickup and delivery electrification at Express. So that is absolutely a key plan going forward. And look, we're fully committed to reaching the goals by 2040. And that means we got to get going now on that replacement. I'll let Raj address the pilot consideration but thanks for the question.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, thank you, Helane. And yes, the pilot situation, just wanted to make two points. Firstly, I want to say thank you to our pilots who have done a tremendous job during this timeframe, and a big part of the value that they provide here. And secondly because of the work environment that we have in FedEx, there's no dearth of people have wanted to want to get into the FedEx portal. So that we're not seeing that as an issue for FedEx.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks, afternoon. Mike, you talked about ground seeing the biggest margin improvement this year fiscal 23. I'm wondering, do you think we see that margin inflection in Q1? And, or if it's more later in the year. And then just maybe bigger picture for Raj. And I think there's a lot of hope, or expectation for next week that we're going to hear about big strategic changes and focus at FedEx and cost reductions and things like that. And, understandably, we're not hearing about that today. But do you think would you agree that we should be seeing and hearing about big strategic changes next week.
Mike Lenz: Scott, first, this is Mike. Just to clarify, look, for ground to have the largest margin improvement of all the segments within the guidance we have here? Yes, it is the case that we have to see margin improvement, certainly in Q1.
Raj Subramaniam: And Scott, yes, you're definitely not going to get me to give away the story for next week today, but I'll just tell you this much that, historically, express focus on time definite services, ground focused on day different services, and it's fantastic that we actually gained a lot of share in the U.S. domestic market over the last 20 years. And what has changed in the last three or four years is the emergence of ecommerce and residential delivery. And the emergence of day definite networks. They're different packages and both networks that gives us the opportunity to optimize across and we launched operate collaboratively a few years ago now, and we'll talk more about that next week.
Operator: And our next question will come from David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon: Hey, good afternoon, guys and thanks for taking the question. Raj, I know you don't want to tell too many of the plans for next year. And this isn't about that. But I want to think it would be helpful. I think if you could talk us through kind of the operational situation. Outside of just labor cost pressure, was there an impact on service levels over the [Technical Difficulty] because of those staffing challenge. And where are we on service kind of today for maybe where we would have been and could expect out of the service levels in ground. These metrics are all opaque and divided public data on this stuff that we continue to hear from contractors and some shippers that service level opinion on exactly where they want to be trucks and taking too much time to go to buildings, that kind of thing. I'd be great if you could just talk a little bit about [Technical Difficulty] and where we are in recovery on the activity side.
Raj Subramaniam: David, you're breaking up a little bit, but let me answer the question that I thought I heard. I think, firstly, yes, year ago, but this time, we saw significant challenges on the labor front, that the labor availability started to go away from us. And the volume was very strong. And that resulted in inefficiencies in the network, and also, service challenges. By peak we had unwound the most of the network inefficiencies. And we have heavily focused on improving our service. And this is a conversation that we have every week. And I'm glad to say that week-over-week, month-over-month that we've improved our service, to the point now where I would say, back to a normal situation, we will not relent here. This is going to be purple promise and service differentiation is a key for our success going forward. And so we will get the service back to market leading and that's our goal.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much for the question. And I'm looking forward to seeing everyone next week. I would like to focus my question on the smallest but certainly most impressive segment, this quarter of being freight, Mike and maybe Lance, if you can, what do you view for the industrial economy here, where we are in the LTL cycle, and kind of a cadence of what we should expect over the course of fiscal 23 for this segment, as the margin expansion has been nothing short of impressive 500 basis points plus quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. So just how should we think about modeling that going into the year? Thanks.
Mike Lenz: Well, Scott, as I said, we expect margin improvement in all of our transportation segments. Look the freight LTL business has certainly evolved from where it was a number of years ago, you have a much greater discipline in terms of when the environment changes in terms of pricing discipline, when its demand is strong, there is not the degree of capacity adds which then is excess capacity when you go through a little more of a cyclical change. So we're very confident the discipline within both the industry overall, as well as the approach we're taking to it in terms of continuing to drive great margins, from an outstanding year upward from there.
Operator: And moving on to Todd Fowler with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Todd Fowler: Hi. Great. Thanks and good evening. So Brie. I just wanted to make sure I understand the volume expectations, I guess, number one, the low single digits is that across both Express and Ground, and then number two, it sounds like the shape is slower in the first half was an easier comps in the back half. Want to make sure I got those pieces, right. And then, if you can help us understand on the ground economy side, how much volume is still left to call on that business and the thought around calling that versus the ability to move price up on that business? Thanks.
Brie Carere: Okay. I'm going to try to get it all. But please feel free to ask again, if I didn't miss the whole the whole question or question there. Okay, so I think the first question was when we were looking at the volume between express and ground and we're saying low single digits, the low single digit is the total volume. From a ground market perspective, we still believe in the secular growth of ecommerce, we have been looking at the ecommerce as a percentage of retail, it's still last number I looked at was just about 21%, pre-COVID, you were like 16, 17. So we still believe that ground has the largest growth opportunity and that is reflected in our range for this year. We've got Ground growing faster than Express. I don't think that would be a surprise to anybody on this call. And then as I mentioned in the back half the comps especially for Ground do get better. From an economy perspective. FedEx Ground economy, let me be specific there. I think you're going to see Q1 volumes look similar to Q4. And then we'll start to build that from there. Like I said, we really do need the economy product, it allows us to sweat our assets. And it is a need in the market, especially things off. And I want to make sure that my opening remarks didn't confuse anybody. We're very clear eyed about the economy in which we're operating when we said normalized economic environment and that we're not planning right now in our current forecast for a recession to Raj’s point. So I do anticipate that if the market softens, the economy products will have to play a larger role. But like I said earlier, we really have to get the bundle. And there's the vast majority of customers who have a home delivery need and a ground commercial need, do have either a return line that needs to use the economy product, they have a different SKU that has lower value. So that bundle is really important to us. And we have to make sure that that product is there to defend. And so I think long answer, but you'll see us build back some economy volume later in this year, I believe.
Operator: And our next question will come from Bruce Chan with Stifel.
Bruce Chan: Thanks, operator. Afternoon, everyone and thanks for squeezing me in here. Just want to come back to the revenue quality discussion. Brie, you talked about growing share in SMB. And I think B2B is part of that. Can you give us a sense of what commercial initiatives you're putting in place to make that, share growth happen there? And then maybe also, where do you stand right now in terms of SMB share? Where's that coming from? And where do you think it can go? Thank you.
Brie Carere: Yes, great question. So from a B2B perspective, we've got a lot going on to improve our market share. And again, we're running a massive business. So I'll try to be specific without going kind of through every country in the world from a B2B, I guess one of the primary things that we're working on, and you're going to hear a lot about next week is our visibility tool. As you're talking about, managing very complex supply chains and you can imagine the amount of change that our customers have gone through over the last two years, visibility is critical. And then honestly, proactive visibility and having the tools to help customers reroute around a weather disruption, reroute around a port congestion. So we are really excited about our FedEx Ground platform that we've talked a lot about, this helps our largest customers, and in particular B2B customers really navigate and manage their supply chain. We are adding new capabilities onto this tool to allow us to intervene for our healthcare customers so that if there is a service disruption, we can intervene and re-ice or put something in a cooler. So I would say somatically for B2B, really giving customers the data, the tools, the insights, and then quite frankly, having the intervention capabilities that FedEx Express as to do something about it, because that is really most important. From a small business perspective, I'm just really enthusiastic, no one can touch our value proposition small bundle, or small customers need simplicity. And they tell us that over and over again, if you're a small customer, you're running just about every function in your business. And so if you've got a one stop shop, like FedEx with an LTL provider, with national coverage, it works really well. We've got the industry's leading loyalty program. And I think the pricing team has done a really good job using earn discount and some of our tools to really reward small businesses for that bundle. We'll talk about a little bit more next week. But like I said, I think we're pretty happy with our small business. And as I mentioned, in Q4, our small business mix did improve. And I guess sort of one other thing, when we're talking small business, not all small business is created equal. There are a large amount of very price sensitive, lightweight small businesses. That is not who we're targeting. So we're being very disciplined and on the portion of small business that we really are interested in. We're very confident in the momentum we've got.
Operator: And our final question will come from Jeff Kaufman with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Kaufman: Thank you very much for squeezing me in and really exciting time. Congratulations to everyone looking forward to Memphis next week. Mike, I just wanted to get some clarification here. Two parts here, number one, the drop in CapEx projection from 7.2 billion to 6.8 billion. I think you implied that was more of a timing issue because of supply chain challenges. So should we assume that that 400 million comes back as we head toward fiscal 24? And then, secondly, I want to follow up on Helane’s BrightDrop question. We've actually had a chance to see the vehicle at Expo and the intel we got was it's not costing much more than a Mercedes Sprinter. But the TCO is dramatically lower between the maintenance and the fuel savings and a positive benefit as these trucks come in in terms of P&L to the fleet. Could you address both those issues please?
Mike Lenz: Yes, sure. No, thanks, Jeff. So yes, let me clarify on the CapEx. So, indeed, it was the case that $400 million lower came in this year, because of for instance, we simply couldn't get some of the replacement vehicles in the timeframes anticipated given supply chain delays with the manufacturers there. Certain facility projects just didn't move at the pace as anticipated. So all that said, the 6.8 million for the current fiscal year considers that those will finish out and plus the other spending I outlined there. So I guess you could say if it had been 6.2 last year would have been 6.4 this year, but or 7.2 last year, it would have been lower this year. But again, at the end of the day, 6.8 last year and [6.8] [ph] this year. And then look on the BrightDrop electric vehicles is indeed the case that and we look at this from a very focused financial and economic perspective too in terms of our acquisition of this fleet. Obviously, it's a key underpinning of our carbon initiatives. But you're right, it does have much lower maintenance costs going forward and lot fewer moving parts, so on, so forth. So again, the total cost of ownership over the long run, we definitely believe that can exceed the combustion vehicle. So again, thanks for the question.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to Mickey Foster.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the investor relations team, if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-03-17 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation’s Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded.  At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about 1 year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of our Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Mike Lenz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Brie Carere, Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer.  And now Raj will share his views on the quarter.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Mickey, and good afternoon, everybody. First and foremost, our thoughts are with those affected by the ongoing violence in Ukraine. The safety of our team members in Ukraine is our utmost priority, and we are providing them with financial assistance and various resources for support. We have suspended all services in Ukraine, Russia, and Belarus. Additionally, we are helping to move relief to Ukraine, and we have provided more than $1.5 million in humanitarian aid. Turning to Q3. Execution of our strategies resulted in substantially higher operating income for the quarter as Team FedEx delivered yet another outstanding peak season. December 2021 was our most profitable December in FedEx history. Our ability to handle the influx of packages was years in the making as we've taken deliberate steps to enhance our unparalleled network in support of customers large and small. We have fundamentally changed our performance as we handled increased e-commerce volume during peak and set a new precedent for peak seasons moving forward. Having said that, we are laser focused on improving our margins. You'll hear us talk more about this today and then more specifically at our upcoming Investor Day. Even with the successful execution of peak, the new year brought new challenges, mostly driven by Omicron. This affected our business in 2 ways: first, we experienced staffing shortages particularly in our air operations. In January alone, the absentee rate of our crew due to Omicron was over 15%, which caused significant flight disruptions. Second, our customers experienced Omicron-driven staffing shortages, which reduced demand for our services, especially in U.S. domestic and European markets. Both of those factors resulted in softer-than-expected volume levels, especially in January. We estimate the effect of Omicron-driven volume softness in our Q3 results was approximately $350 million. While it was significant, it was also temporary, and we have seen volume rebound from January levels. Even with these challenges, FedEx Express delivered strong adjusted operating income growth of 27% year-over-year. Speaking of the Express team, we announced that after nearly 40 years of distinguished service, Don Colleran, President and CEO of FedEx Express will retire later this year and named Richard Smith, current Executive Vice President of Global Support and Regional President of Americas at FedEx Express, as his successor. We'll have much more to say about Don and his countless contributions to the business during our call in June. FedEx Freight once again delivered strong results with third quarter operating income nearly tripling year-over-year, driven by a continued focus on revenue quality. Turning to FedEx Ground. Operating costs continue to be challenged by the competitive labor environment now primarily manifesting in increased labor rates. We estimate the total impact of approximately $210 million at Ground in the third quarter, which is significantly lower than what we saw in Q1 and Q2 as we have seen substantial improvement in labor availability post peak. With the stabilization in the labor environment, I'm pleased to share that we have successfully unwound network adjustments that were necessary to provide service but cost inefficiencies. Staffing levels and the rapid acceleration in labor costs have stabilized and our network is operating at normal levels. Despite improvement in the labor headwind, volume levels in Q3 were softer than we had previously forecasted in part due to Omicron surge slowing customer demand. As such, we expect our second half Ground margins will be lower than our previous expectations and not reach double digits. Over the years, FedEx Ground has built a strong foundation to serve B2B and small and medium customers with an unmatched value proposition. As a result, we have grown market share in these segments and they remain strong priorities for the future. And then more than 3 years ago, we built upon this foundation and embarked on a strategy that positioned FedEx squarely in the center of the fast-growing, e-commerce market with a differentiated portfolio and a diversified customer base. This included a period of strategically investing in our network to meet growing market demand. Let me note here that this strategy is different than what our primary competitor has pursued. By building on our current base of business and making those prior investments in our network to facilitate growth, we are in a position to generate improved operating profit and margins. We saw this potential in our financial results for December prior to the surge of Omicron. And moving forward, our financial performance will be further enhanced by maximizing existing assets, improving capital utilization and leveraging technologies that facilitate optimization of our existing physical capacity and staffing. As we prepare to close fiscal year '22, permit me a moment to share what's on the horizon for FedEx as we continue to focus on margin expansion and shareholder return. In addition to the opportunity to enhance performance at Ground that I just discussed, we have other levers for profitable growth, which include: number one driving improved results in Europe; number two, increasing collaboration and efficiency to optimize our networks, lower our cost to serve and enhance return on capital; and number three, unlocking new value through digital innovation. Of course, we'll do this in an environment of strong revenue quality management. Our International business, particularly Europe, remains a big profit opportunity. Air network integration remains on track for the end of the month to complete the physical integration of TNT into FedEx Express and enable full physical interoperability of these networks, both in the air and on the road. Paris CDG airport will serve as the main hub for all European and intercontinental flights. Liege will connect specific large European markets and ensure we have the flexibility to scale our operations in response to market needs, thus enabling us to focus on international growth. Our expanded collaboration across operating companies will utilize our air and ground networks in a smarter and more calculated manner. For example, FedEx Freight trucks have traveled more than 7 million miles while operating on behalf of FedEx Ground this fiscal year. FedEx Freight has also provided FedEx Ground with intermodal containers, which have already been dispatched more than 36,000 times. We'll continue to comprehensively look at all our assets in our network to put the right package in the right network and the right cost to serve.  Additionally, we are unlocking value through digital innovation, our accelerated integration of data-driven technologies that will drive increased productivity in our linehaul and dock operations as well as in the last mile. Enhanced sortation technology will be operational at FedEx Ground in hundreds of facilities fired as we speak. It will increase upstream efficiencies, enabling managers to do better balance and planned sortation operations thereby unlocking key capacity. For example, during Cyber Week, this technology helped keep 1.9 million Ground economy packages out of constrained sorts. We're also modernizing the planning and staffing of our dock operations as well as the systems, training and technology that maximizes productivity on every sort. One such example is a recently rolled out package handler scheduling technology that will help ensure the right staffing levels for every sort and every facility across the Ground network. This will improve dock productivity. And when combined with a focus on employee retention, it will enable us to significantly reduce the cost of turnover and strategically target recruiting spend when and where necessary. For last mile, we continue to improve upon the optimization technology already implemented to enable service providers to make real-time decisions that enhance their business' daily efficiency. These ongoing investments in automation and technology have helped FedEx build the most flexible and responsive network in the industry and will enable us to improve our margins. In closing, we have the networks, the strategy and the right team in place as we deliver financial returns and drive shareholder value for years to come.  With that, let me turn it over to Brie.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj. Good afternoon, everyone. Several macroeconomic forces, including the tragic conflict in Ukraine, uncertainty around the pandemic, a tight labor market, supply chain disruptions, high energy prices and inflationary pressure have dampened the current GDP outlook globally and for the United States. Last week, we lowered our economic outlook. U.S. GDP is now expected to increase 3.4% in calendar year 2022, revised down from 3.7%, and our outlook is 2.3% in calendar year 2023, with consumer spending tilting towards services and B2B growth supported by inventory rebuilding. Global GDP growth is expected to be 3.5% in calendar year 2022, previously 4. 1% and it will be 3.1% in calendar year 2023. Growth will be driven by the release of pent-up demand for services while investment demand and inventory restocking support global manufacturing and trade. Given the tremendous fluidity of the macroeconomic environment, we will continue to update our outlook. Our teams are ready to adjust plans, as required, to drive margin improvement despite the dynamic environment in which we operate. With fuel prices increasing around the world, today, we announced a fuel surcharge increase effective April 4 for FedEx Express, Ground and Freight. Additional details can be found on fedex.com. The change in economic outlook does not change our confidence that e-commerce will continue to drive strong parcel market growth. We believe the e-commerce growth rate in the United States will be in the mid- to high single digits for the next 3 to 4 years. We will continue to build differentiated value propositions to achieve market-leading pricing in all our customer segments, including e-commerce, our small and medium customers and our commercial B2B business. We are very pleased with the results of our revenue quality strategy and know we have a great opportunity to increase the flow-through to margin expansion. In the third quarter, revenue growth was 10% year-over-year, with double-digit yield improvement for FedEx Express and FedEx Freight, close behind with FedEx Ground at 9% year-over-year yield improvement. In the United States, our package revenue grew 9% in Q3 on strong yield improvement of 10%. We executed on our peak pricing strategy in the month of December, delivering more than $250 million in peak surcharge revenue. Softness in parcel volumes came predominantly from constraining FedEx Ground economy and the effects of Omicron on both our network and on our customers. The focus on revenue quality and profitable share growth drove outstanding results for FedEx Freight this quarter. For the quarter, revenue increased 23% year-over-year, driven by a 19% increase in revenue per shipment. Additionally, FedEx Freight Direct continues to gain great momentum as an e-commerce solution for heavy bulky items with phenomenal growth in Q3 year-over-year. Our international businesses are navigating a dynamic environment. Capacity constraints continue to be a reality. At this point, valet capacity on Trans-Atlantic passenger airlines is expected to recover faster than Trans-Pacific. Passenger airline capacity is not expected to fully recover to pre-COVID levels until 2024 or even later across our largest global trade lanes. Scarce capacity on international lanes and strong demand out of Asia is resulting in a continued favorable pricing environment. With the completion of our integrated air network at the end of this month, we have 1 European air network and 1 road network in and out of Europe. Our international portfolio of services contains the best European road network, the broadest U.S. next-day coverage and a combined parcel and freight offering that no one else in the market has. As a result of the integration, we will be able to offer improved transit times, earlier delivery and later pickup services to more customers in more locations. Seven new countries will now be connected on a next-day basis within Europe, while 14 countries will be expanding our new delivery coverage. In several countries, this will be the first time we have introduced next-day service to the rest of Europe. We will leverage the expanded European portfolio to improve international profitability, drive revenue growth and gain market share. In addition to the improvements in our European value proposition, we have made significant strides to enhance our digital solutions as well. In January, we enhanced our tracking service based on an advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence model developed by FedEx DataWorks. This new experience delivers greater estimated delivery date accuracy, including updates for early or delayed shipments through all tracking channels. This improves both the shipper and the recipient experience, and it will reduce calls to customer service. Additionally, our new modernized FedEx Ship Manager, which is our online shipping application, has now been rolled out in more than 153 countries. In January, we began introducing customers to it in the United States and Canada. FedEx Ship Manager is the primary shipping application for our small and medium customer segment. We believe a market-leading digital portfolio will enable FedEx to continue to take market share in this very profitable segment. In summary, we remain optimistic about Q4 and beyond, and we'll continue to deliver on our market-leading value proposition.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for his remarks.
Mike Lenz: Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everyone. After a strong start to the third quarter with the most profitable December in company history, January was significantly influenced by the rapid spread of the Omicron variant and its negative effect on our operations and the macro environment. These challenges subsided during February, resulting in third quarter adjusted operating income of $1.5 billion, up 37% year-over-year on an adjusted basis. There are a number of factors influencing our third quarter results for both this year and last year that I will cover. As Raj explained the effects on our operations, I will give further context for the financial implications. First, labor market conditions, although much improved, once again had a significant effect on our results at an estimated $350 million year-over-year, which was primarily experienced at Ground. For the third quarter, that was primarily due to higher rates for both purchase transportation and wages. Labor availability-driven network inefficiencies were significantly less of a factor in the third quarter compared to earlier in the year. The implications from the Omicron variant surge reduced third quarter operating income by an estimated $350 million, predominantly at Express, as it influenced customer demand and pressured our operations, resulting in constrained capacity, network disruptions and lower volumes and revenue. The third quarter had favorable year-over-year comparisons for variable compensation of approximately $380 million, including the onetime Express hourly bonus last year and significantly less impactful winter weather that netted to $310 million. With that overview of the consolidated results of the third quarter, I'll turn to the highlights for each of our transportation segments. Ground reported a 10% increase in revenue year-over-year, with operating income down approximately $60 million and an operating margin at 7.3%. While pressures from constrained labor markets began subsiding, the effect was still significant at an estimated $210 million year-over-year, predominantly due to the higher purchase transportation and wage rates. In addition, our volume was softer than expected due to the Omicron variant surge slowing customer demand. A 9% yield improvement partially offset these headwinds, and our teams remain very focused on improving Ground performance, as Raj outlined earlier. Express adjusted operating income increased by 27% year-over-year, driven by higher yields and a net fuel benefit, with adjusted operating margin increasing by 100 basis points to 5.8%. Express results also benefited in the third quarter from $285 million of lower variable compensation as well as much less severe winter weather. The strong results were partially offset by the headwinds I mentioned earlier, with the Omicron surge having the largest effect, especially during January, of an estimated $240 million. Team member absences primarily among our pilot severely disrupted operations, requiring many flight cancellations and further constraining capacity. Additionally, during this time, the Omicron surge reduced customer demand in many parts of the world. Freight had another outstanding quarter, delivering an operating margin of 15%, 850 basis points higher year-over-year and revenue for the third quarter increased 23% with operating income up over 180% despite the pressures from higher purchase transportation rates and wages. And for the first time in Freight's history, they realized sequential operating income and operating margin improvement from the second quarter to the third quarter. This is all thanks to Freight's continued focus on revenue quality and profitable share growth. Turning to the balance sheet. We ended our quarter with $6.1 billion in cash and are targeting over $3 billion in adjusted free cash flow for fiscal 2022. As I emphasized last quarter, our stronger cash flow provides extensive flexibility as we continue to focus on balanced capital allocation. As such, I'm pleased to share the accelerated share repurchase program announced last quarter was completed during Q3 with 6.1 million shares delivered under the ASR agreement. Total repurchases during fiscal '22 are nearly 9 million shares or 3% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of the year. The decrease in outstanding shares resulting from the ASR benefited third quarter results by $0.06 per diluted share. Also during the quarter, we made a $250 million voluntary contribution to our U.S. pension plan and have funded $500 million year-to-date. Now turning to what's ahead. We are affirming our full year adjusted EPS range at $20.50 to $21.50. The operating and business environment uncertainty I mentioned in December did materialize to a greater degree than anticipated during Q3, but we have navigated those challenges and project a solid finish to our fiscal year. Labor-related network and efficiency effects have diminished and the wage rate component should become less of a headwind as we lap the onset of labor rate increases in the fourth quarter. Lastly, variable compensation expense will be a tailwind as it was in Q3. Turning to capital spending. We have lowered our FY '22 capital spending forecast from $7.2 billion to $7 billion. Much of the change is driven by extended time lines resulting from supply chain considerations. While we are still developing our FY '23 plans, our focus remains on lowering our capital intensity while investing in strategic initiatives to drive returns. We are highly focused on ensuring our capital investments generate returns to drive further growth in earnings and cash flows. Lastly, our projection for the full year effective tax rate is now 22% to 23%, prior to the mark-to-market retirement plan adjustments. While we are confident in our ability to deliver a strong fourth quarter, uncertainty remains across many fronts, including additional pandemic developments, the labor market, inflation, high energy prices and further geopolitical risk and the potential effects on the pace and timing of global economic activity. We continue to monitor these trends and adjust accordingly. With that, we are all very much looking forward to sharing additional background in our upcoming investor meeting on June 28 and 29 in Memphis. Mickey and the Investor Relations team will soon provide specifics on logistics, and now we will be happy to address your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: Appreciate the question. I wanted to ask about Ground margins, if you can just talk about where you expect Ground margins to be in fiscal '22? And Henry, this is maybe a longer-term question for you. I mean, if I look at the Ground number since 2013, Ground revenues are up $17 billion since 2013 but the profits in Ground are up only $400 million, which implies a contribution margin of only 2.5%. So, can you just talk about the plan to reverse this long-term trend? It seems like for the first time in a while, you guys are ready to present a long-term plan to improve the cadence in the Ground margins. Wondering if you could give a little bit more meat around that. Where -- what the levers are going to be to reverse this long-term trend? And maybe give us some goalposts around that way as it relates to fiscal -- the next fiscal year, which is coming up pretty soon.
Raj Subramaniam: Amit, thank you for the question. Let me address it broadly and then Mike can talk about specifics on this. Firstly, we are laser focused on improving our financial performance at FedEx Ground. Let me start with firstly, the CEO of FedEx Ground is John Smith, and he was at the stage for tremendous performance at FedEx Freight before he left and we're seeing the benefit of that. That's the reason that he's there. So we expect that John and his team will drive this performance going forward. But let me also give you just a context of where we are on Ground. We, first of all, manage FedEx Enterprise as a portfolio of different operating companies, and we made a specific decision to invest in capacity and double down on e-commerce three years ago. We saw -- we were skating to where the puck was going to be and seeing where the market was going. If you look at the history of FedEx Ground, from the very beginning, starting of the acquisition of RPS, when we launched home delivery and now we doubled down in e-commerce, there are periods of time we had to invest, and we were working with our customers and retailers for them to succeed in e-commerce and it is a strategic relationship that we're building. So that period of investment, in many ways, is behind us. That pace is behind us. Now we are focused on getting revenue quality making sure we put the right package in the right network and making sure that we generate margins and growth going forward. We'll talk about this in more detail when we see you all in June, but that's -- clearly, that's what we're focused on right now, Mike.
Mike Lenz: No, Amit, the only thing I would add is you -- I think there was a question in there about FY '22. I would say certainly for the guidance that we have, our consolidated operating margins will increase in Q4. I'm not going to get into specific segment projections, but it is certainly the case that sequentially, Ground margins are typically higher in Q4 than in Q3, and we would have that expectation this year as well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Okay, great. So just another one on Ground. I think we've had 3 quarters in a row where cost inflation at Ground has pretty significantly outstripped your ability to -- has outstripped your revenue per package and yield growth. How confident are you that you're in a position to drive cost per package ahead -- excuse me, revenue per package ahead of cost per package as we look forward, especially with rising inflationary pressures that we're seeing across the economy, and I'm sure you're seeing it in your business as well?
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Jack. I think we have had 2 particular issues regarding labor. I actually embarked on this journey. Obviously, that was -- what we saw in the last year was surprising in that sense and we had 2 things. One was because of lack of labor availability, we were inefficient in moving some of the packages; and secondly, just the cost of labor going up. We have unwound the inefficiencies. The network is back to normal. But obviously, we have, now in our numbers, we have the year-over-year growth on labor rates. And so we are -- we have dealt with it head on. It's now in our numbers, and I think it gives us a competitive advantage as we look in the future. Revenue quality management is a big area of focus for us. Our peak in December gave us a flavor of what we can expect in terms of our financial performance going forward. And we are confident that we can -- we are able to manage this going forward. We have a certain spike in fiscal year '22 that was unnatural, but it's just -- we set the stage for future earnings growth both revenue and top and bottom line. I don't know, Brie, you want to add anything more on revenue quality?
Brie Carere: No, we're -- obviously, we have done a tremendous job. We talked about the 9% yield improvement from FedEx Ground this past quarter. As I've mentioned, we have repriced about 50% of our large customer, meaning customer contracts so we still have some opportunity that we have to continue that repricing. And so we are clear-eyed about the inflationary environment that we are operating in, and we know that we need to stay ahead of it. So, you can anticipate that as we head into next year's business plan and all of our discussions with customers, that you will continue to see a high yield improvement across all segments because it will be required to stay ahead of the environment we're operating in right now.
Raj Subramaniam: Jack, if I can say one other thing,we have a revenue management committee that meets every week. It is even more important now because of inflationary environment. And the operations teams and the commercial teams are locked in, and we make decisions very, very dynamically and very, very quickly to deal with this.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tom Wadewitz with UBS.
Thomas Wadewitz: Wanted to see if you could offer some thoughts on the consumer. I think, Brie, maybe you had, Raj, you had some comments about risks or Mike. But have you seen any signs that the consumer is -- I know Omicron caused noise but just the consumer weakening, have you seen that recently in the U.S.? And how do you think about the importance of consumer and goods buying when you look at the Ground business? If you have a weaker consumer, does that just make it tougher to make that algorithm on Ground margin improvement work? So really just wanted to get your thoughts on consumer and near term and also outlook.
Raj Subramaniam: Tom, thank you for that question, especially as the inflation has picked up and there's obviously consumer spending in February is already down. It's difficult to forecast as an environment, but I'm going to tell you that the big period of growth of e-commerce is now behind us, and we are planning -- in that perspective, we are confident, even with the mid-single-digit growth to -- mid- to high single-digit growth that Brie was talking about on e-commerce, that we are able to generate positive returns going forward. So we are not counting on huge consumer spend in our numbers. Brie?
Brie Carere: Yes, I would agree with that completely. As we talked about, we already have modified our economic outlook from a market forecast perspective. A couple of things: one, for this calendar year, we do expect B2B parcel market growth to be actually relatively healthy at 3%. Normally, it's in around 2% in our market and that's for this year, we still see a lot of inventory replenishment. We also see strong requirements coming in from Asia, as I mentioned earlier. There's still just a backlog there, quite frankly. So the B2B is still going to be healthy for the year. . From a B2C perspective, we have modified our long-term outlook. We're now projecting about 8.3% CAGR in an e-commerce market, that's to calendar year 2026. So historically, over the last couple of years, we had actually projected above 10%. So yes, we think consumer demand will be down. It is already, quite frankly, in our outlook for Q4. And as we look forward for next year, we think we can continue to take market share and have some profitable growth despite sort of a softer economic outlook.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: Just curious, you mentioned, I think, that the staffing and labor-related costs for the company was $350 million in the most recent quarter. How does that look in the fiscal fourth quarter direction-wise? And then same thing, Ground, I think, you said was $210 million as the $350 million. How do you think that sits as we get to fiscal -- through fiscal fourth quarter?
Mike Lenz: Jordan, this is Mike. Look, so we went from like roughly $470 million in Q2, $350 million this quarter. I mean, I would put it in order of magnitude around $100 million or so based on what we are seeing here today. That's, again, principally the wage rate element of it, which really began to manifest in the May time frame essentially, April, May time frame.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Christian Wetherbee: Quick clarification then another question on Ground. Just making sure I understand, Raj, I think you said you wouldn't hit double digits on Ground margins for Maxar. I heard that the average for the back half of the year, so I guess, we won't see expansion in the fourth quarter. And then maybe taking a step back in terms of the ISP model on the Ground side. Just kind of curious, in this type of inflationary environment, do you see pressure? Does it kind of go back and maybe you open up contracts and do things differently with that piece of the business? Is that something that we need to think about beyond this year out into next year and beyond if inflationary pressures keep up? Or it's the kind of thing that would just sort of be normal course as we move forward.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Chris. I'll let Mike answer the first question in a minute. But on the entrepreneurial business model with our contractors is a win-win scenario. It provides us the flexibility. As the market dynamics change, we remain committed to collaborating with those service providers and enable that when the lines of communication are open. So yes, we will work closely hand in hand to make sure that we are successful for FedEx and our contractors going forward.
Mike Lenz: Chris, nothing from what I said prior where we have consolidated operating margins. Will be up in Q4 and the Ground Q4 margin sequentially would be higher than Q3. But not going to go past in terms of the specific segment quarterly margin projections.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: I wonder if you could comment on -- you gave us the impact to EBIT. I wonder if you could comment qualitatively on the impact to volume growth from Omicron in Express and Ground. And to what extent you've seen those volumes and ADVs accelerate and pick back up?
Brie Carere: Sure, happy to. Great question. When we look at the volume in Q3, we really have to break it down by month. So from a December perspective, we actually saw softer than anticipated volume for a couple of reasons. The first was FedEx Ground economy. We have been constraining that product to make sure we get the revenue quality that we require for the network. The second was we were absolutely focused on service and make sure that we had volume in the right places within the network. And then third was that we also saw a huge pull forward in early in November. Both retailers and, of course, the carriers were really pushing to get volume moving earlier in the peak season and actually it was quite successful. So overall, December was softer than anticipated for those 3 reasons. And when we got into January, we obviously saw a significant impact in volume in the Express network here in the United States but also in Europe. And then we did see some impact in January at FedEx Ground, but also we did have the FedEx Ground economy constrained growth impacts January because as you can imagine, the Ground economy product is heavily used for returns as well. So that was what was going on in December. In January, you saw Omicron but you also saw those other impacts in December and January. And then we got to February, we actually saw a rebound. So as Raj mentioned in his opening remarks, we actually saw quite a dramatic recovery from a volume perspective relative to January. And so that's sort of where we're at from a volume perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: So Mike, you've got a big range of earnings guidance for the year, 1 quarter left. Any thoughts on directionally where you think we should be shaking out well to that range? And then I'll ask another on Ground margins. You guys operating, give or take, at an 8% margin. UPS is on its way to 12%. You guys used to be better. Is this structural? Is there a reason you can't get to those kinds of levels? And then any thoughts on this Ground contractor lawsuit?
Mike Lenz: All right, Scott. This is Mike. Talking about the range, look, certainly, it is the case that relative to where we were 3 months ago in a little different place in the range as the uncertainties manifested in a greater magnitude than we had anticipated. But I think we're quite proud of the fact that our guidance remains where we started the year at. And look, if you had told me at that time, we would have the most dramatic labor market shift in generations as well as another phase of the pandemic that resulted in case counts in the U. S. and Europe higher than any previous waves, we undoubtedly would have had a significantly wider range. So we feel that it is a great accomplishment of the team to be where we are with this. Lots of moving pieces and things change along the way within the scope and scale of what this enterprise is. And so we're looking forward to a strong finish to the fiscal year.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me just say big kudos to our CFO on setting the range in the beginning of the fiscal year and all the things that have happened in the middle and we're still the same range. So I mean, that's terrific. I don't -- I've already talked to you about what our dealings with our contractors and it's a win-win situation. And we will continue to work that. The lines of communication are open. I've spoken to John several times, and he's directly in touch and his team.  And as far as our upside for FedEx Ground, yes, we have upside. We know that and we are laser focused on that. And again, John is the right person to lead that team to get there as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak-Cusic: I just want to go to the levers of growth. You talked about collaboration, increasing that collaboration to optimize the network, understanding it's early innings there. Just any color on the productivity you're seeing from some of those efforts? And then maybe as well as the potential chokepoints that you're seeing that might need to be addressed before that could accelerate further. Just any color.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, Allison, thank you for that question. Clearly, as we -- the e-commerce market has grown. And in both our networks, there is now opportunity to optimize the very definite traffic between the 2 networks. And so we're clearly doing that. But we are, as you call it, in the early innings. We have -- there's a lot of work to be done, and we'll share that with you when you're all here in person in June. But the opportunity also is quite big. We're already moving in this direction and we will continue to make strides here. Now in this context, please don't forget what FedEx Freight is doing in this regard and especially working with both Ground and Express and over time with International. And so we will clearly focus on trying to -- making sure that they put the right package in the right network at the right price. And again, we'll share more details with you in June.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Raj, since the rest of the management team has announced call, maybe you can give us some insight into the appointment of Richard at Express. What was the process there for electing the next leader? And then what do you hope to get out of the leadership change in that large division?
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Brandon. Of course, we have a very set succession planning process where Don was in this role for 3 years. I knew that was going to be a finite time period of time. And so we were already working on the succession planning very carefully as we have done so with John in FedEx Ground, with Lance in FedEx Freight. Similarly, we have a process going on with Express. We've divided it into 3 groups, 3 mega-regions with Americas, Asia and Europe. And Richard is leading the Americas region. He was responsible for the vaccine distribution and also in the planning of our global network in this very interesting time that we've been through. So we are very confident that Richard is going to take the organization to the next level. Don has done a fantastic job of creating a unified culture and getting the right players in place. We have a great bench, and this is going to be terrific. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors: Yes. You took down the midpoint of your multiyear restructuring spend in Europe but didn't change the benefit you expect to get from that. Can you talk a little bit about what drove that update in your expectations, and what the next steps could be in the Europe profit improvement plan as you get right at the point of discussing that with investors maybe next year?
Mike Lenz: Sure, Bascome. This is Mike. So first, yes, we did narrow the range of the expected cost of that program as we have moved through the process. And as you've noted, the -- we've talked about the charges as we recognize them there. The benefits range is unchanged, and so we felt it was appropriate as we were further down the process just to simply narrow the range of that. So that was it. A lot of things going forward as it relates to TNT beyond that, so I'll have Raj elaborate a bit on some upcoming events, too.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. So Bascome, thank you for the question there. I think it's -- the end of this month is a very important date for us as we complete the physical integration. Europe remains a big profit opportunity for us going forward. Just to put it in perspective, today, we -- FedEx operates 350 flights a week, serving 42 airports and TNT operates 600 flights serving 59 airports. By combining, we're going to reduce the total flights to 825, but we extend our reach to serve 72 airports. So fewer flights, more airports, and oh by the way, because there are jets at the cross-time, so the value proposition gets better. So that happens right away in April. The logic behind our acquisition of TNT remains sound. We are closing a portfolio gap because we do not have an intra-European deferred service and now we do. With this, we can also now serve Europe in and out on a lower cost structure. And we also launched priority timed options. We have noon and end-of-day service and it gives us flexibility. So a lot of things going on as we -- Mike already talked to you about the back-office savings there. The CDG hub, 70,000 pieces per hour. I was there 2, 3 months ago and back there in May again. There was something to behold. And so it's going to be -- we are confident here that this now sets the stage for our improved performance in Europe from here on out. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Brian, your line is open, and we are unable to hear you. Please check your mute function. We'll move on to our next question from Helane Becker with Cowen and Company.
Helane Becker: I just have 2 questions. One is, when you say that you're taking share, I think Brie mentioned that, can you just be a little more specific about where that share shift is coming either in verticals or geographically? And then my other question is with respect to your facilities. Can you just talk a little bit about the use of robotics and automation that lower -- potentially could lower labor costs?
Brie Carere: Sure. Happy to talk about our targeted revenue growth strategy. So from a market share perspective, our goal here is to take share strategically in the segments that value our network. And as we've talked about over the last year or 2, we've made some pretty significant enhancements in our network and our value proposition, some of which I covered earlier. From a small business perspective, we have taken share over the last several years consistently. And this year, we actually have seen our small business segment grew faster than our large customer segment. So we're really pleased with that. When we compare ourselves to our primary competitor, I still have share upside in both B2B as well as in e-commerce. And as I mentioned, we are very disciplined and very focused on our small business acquisition strategy. We're doing some things very differently. We are acquiring them direct. What do I mean? We're not going en masse through platforms. We're being very selective with the platform partners that we are choosing because we want to have that direct relationship with the small customer. We have a fantastic loyalty program that no one else in the market has. We are strategically using earned discount to bundle our parcel in our LTL portfolio, which of course, our primary competitor can no longer do. So from a small business perspective, historically, we've taken share this year. I've seen small business grow faster than large. And I'm talking predominantly here in the United States, although I will tell you that both Europe and EMEA are rolling out a very similar playbook. We're very optimistic about our share opportunity there as well. Additionally, we saw APAC or our EMEA region take share and we're very pleased with that as well. They've been very focused and we see strong momentum out of Asia as well as out of Europe and e-commerce -- intercontinental e-commerce. The premium piece of that market is a share opportunity, those that pay for the value proposition there. From a Europe perspective, we have not been as successful from a share perspective, but we could not be more excited about what Raj just covered. This physical integration allows us to unleash just an incredible value proposition. We've got some brand awareness, work to do still, but I'm very optimistic that you're going to see some real momentum in Europe next year. So I hope that answers your question, but happy to answer any other details you need.
Raj Subramaniam: Let me take this opportunity to give a shout-out to our commercial teams because they've done really a remarkable job of growing share and managing revenue quality and we'll continue to do that. On the robotics front, it's a very important question, Helane. And I think especially in the last year or so, the field of robotics itself has actually changed because -- with AI and ML coming to the picture, there's significant developments in the robotics field. So we think it's a huge opportunity for us. And again, we already -- if you look at some of the facilities that we have in Ground, a lot of facilities are now automated. But we can move further here. We are obviously working on several processes inside the hubs and to involve robotics and also working with partners and on autonomous vehicles. We have FedEx Roxo for same-day delivery on demand, and we have partners like Nuro and also over the road. So a lot of effort in this direction because it's very strategic and could have big implications in the years to come. So again, thanks for the question.
Mike Lenz: Yes. Helane, this is Mike. It's unquestionably the case to amplify the point Raj made that you're seeing tremendous amount of capital coming into the robotics space as a result of the labor market constraints that have been experienced worldwide. So that's really an opportunity. And certainly, when you are here to visit here in a few months, you'll get the opportunity to see, within our facilities, how that really works because that is where the bulk of the labor is deployed as the loading and unloading of the trailers there, particularly in the Ground facilities, given the investments we've made in automating all the sortation in that. So a very relevant point to raise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Kauffman: I'd like to get back to the question on the improvement that you were seeing and marked throughout the network. Obviously, the global supply-demand equation has changed a lot with the recent events in Eastern Europe. So I think earlier, you were giving us a view more of the Omicron impact on domestic Express. Could you talk a little bit about what's going on globally as you move from February into March? I know Omicron impacted Europe, you mentioned. And now we've got a new version of COVID in Asia. What does the step-up look like on the international side? And how have the events in Eastern Europe affected global capacity?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me start and I'm sure Brie will clean me up here. Firstly, it's kind of almost funny that Omicron is almost a thing in memory even though it was ravaging just a couple of months ago but is now behind us in that sense. And we have other bigger things now to deal with. The conflict in Europe was really tragic. First ground war like that in many, many years. And -- but the impact on the economy is something that we have to see. I think it starts with the cost of fuel. As the fuel cost goes up around the world, inflation goes up and then because of that, the potential economic slowdown. How long this lasts is anybody's guess. I'm not going to project that forward. So we will have to be very flexible and nimble in dealing with that situation. We're watching the China situation carefully. Our operations are close to normal as we speak. And the demand is still very strong. But again, this is a very dynamic situation. And we have more than 10% of our employees in a closed loop system today, working -- I mean, just amazing job by our team in keeping our operations going. So this is something that's very fluid in nature and we got to watch as we go along. I don't know, Brie, if you got anything more?
Brie Carere: No, not a whole lot more to add. As I've mentioned, global commercial capacity is still constrained. And as a result, right now, we have not seen an impact despite the high inflationary environment as we talked about some of the risks we see from a consumer perspective. Out of Asia, demand seems pretty high because of the current commercial capacity constraint, but also, as I mentioned, because inventory levels are still so low. So right now, demand looks good coming out of Asia. We're keeping an eye on the United States as well as in Europe. Right now, from a Europe perspective, we believe we still have some opportunities, as I talked about, to take share and that's our intent. So right now, we're feeling pretty good. But as Raj talked about, things can change and we will adapt as required to do so.
Operator: Next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Just a clarification kind of on that last question. You discussed some of the Russian conflict, some indirect collateral issues. Could you please just give us a bit of a size of how much business Russia and Eastern Europe represents to you? And then just switching gears. Could you talk about sustainability of Freight margins? Obviously, you have been very strong for a long time now and look like it continues to have momentum. Should we continue to expect in the mid-teens or is that something that you would expect to change as we move through the rest of the calendar year?
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Scott. I think if I got the first question right, I think the -- if you're specifically talking about the 3 markets, Ukraine, Russia and Belarus, the profit impact for that is not material. So that -- if you have another question, I'm happy to take it. On the FedEx Freight, I'm just delighted with the progress that we have made there. We have made -- it's been years in the making, so to speak. We are focused heavily on revenue quality management and operational efficiency. And also again, let me make this point, FedEx Freight is doing a remarkable job in stepping up and helping other operating companies as needed. I think this is a winning formula and that we expect that to continue.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the conference back to Mickey Foster for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much. Bye.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-12-16 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. The second quarter earnings release, Form 10-Q and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website, where the replay will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Mike Lenz, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Brie Carere, Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer. And now, Raj will share his views on the quarter.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Mickey, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me begin by extending a heartfelt thank you to our more than 600,000 dedicated team members, especially those on the frontlines who are working relentlessly to successfully deliver another robust peak season for our customers. As expected, we are seeing strong levels of volume in our network given unprecedented levels of shopping and shipping this holiday season. FedEx Ground had an outstanding Cyber Week, with 100 million packages picked up during the first official week of peak. Our ability to handle this influx of packages has been years in the making as we have taken deliberate steps to enhance our unparalleled network to support customers, large and small. This includes strategically adding more capacity across our network to support our growing customer base. For example, at FedEx Ground, this means adding 14.4 million square feet to our network, the equivalent of 300 football fields since June of this year. In Q2 alone, we brought online 24 major expansion projects, with nine of them starting operations in November just weeks before peak. While it was important that these facilities were up and running to add to a capacity in time for peak, experience tells us that they will operate with increasing efficiency in the weeks and months ahead. As we shared on the Q1 call, overcoming staffing and retention challenges due to the constrained labor market has been a key focus. We continued to take bold actions in Q2 to hire and invest in our frontline team members and thus increase network efficiency. These actions, including pay premiums, increased paid time off and tuition reimbursement. I am pleased to share that we have made considerable traction in recruiting frontline positions. Last week, we exceeded 111,000 applications, the highest level in FedEx history. To put this in perspective, we had 52,000 applications the week of May 8. This has led to appropriate staffing levels of peak, including having more than 60,000 frontline team members since we last spoke in September. We delivered strong results for the quarter with an 11% increase in adjusted operating income, which exceeded our initial expectations shared during the Q1 call. Second quarter results include outstanding performance by our team at FedEx Express, where operating income on an as-adjusted basis exceeded $1 billion for the quarter. The ability we have at Express to flex our cost structure and network in response to changing market conditions positions us for long-term sustained profitability. FedEx Freight also delivered a strong quarter with an operating margin of 14.7%. I am proud of the team as they continue to focus on revenue quality and profitable growth. We estimate the effect of labor shortages on our Q2 results was approximately $470 million, in line with our original expectations. And consistent with the first quarter, Ground once again, board the majority of these costs to the tune of $285 million. While Ground's results were negatively affected by labor challenges in the first half of the year, we are encouraged by hiring momentum as we look to the second half and are focused on retaining recently hired team members after the peak season concludes. We know we have an excellent value proposition for employees, which we are strengthening even further with technology that enables employee-friendly, flexible schedule options, including the ability to pick up extra shifts when convenient or swap shifts with the colleague all from the convenience of an app on their phone or computer. All of this to say, we anticipate cost pressures from constrained labor markets to partially subside in the second half of the fiscal year. Now it's a good time to focus on what is ahead for FedEx. The FedEx business has been built over nearly five decades. And during that time, we have built networks and capabilities that are differentiated from our competitors and nearly impossible to replicate. Our customers and their customers value these networks and capabilities as we enable global supply chains to stay connected. This has never been illustrated more clearly than during the last two years of the global COVID pandemic. Our industry has proven to be absolutely critical in delivering during this pandemic, whether it is business-to-business or e-commerce. And within this industry, our strategy is unique. Our future growth and profitability will be driven by our strategy, and we will drive total shareholder value over the immediate, mid and long-term. There is solid momentum in our base business as we continue to lean into the dynamic growth of e-commerce amid a robust pricing environment. In addition, we have other levers for profitable growth, including: number one, increasing collaboration and efficiency to optimize our networks and businesses; number two, driving improved results in Europe and international; and number three, unlocking value by digital innovation. Our expanded collaboration across operating companies will drive cost benefits, lower delivery and line-haul cost and better utilization of existing assets. Said differently, we'll utilize our air and ground networks in a smarter, more calculated manner. FedEx Freight trucks have traveled four million miles while operating on behalf of FedEx Ground this year. FedEx Freight has also provided FedEx Ground with intermodal containers, which have already been dispatched nearly 50,000x. We will continue to look comprehensively at all assets in our network, including stations, hubs and equipment to put the right package in the right network at the best service for our customers. And as I highlighted earlier, the focus on collaboration also extends to our customers as we work to make their supply chains smarter. This includes providing integration and common data platform opportunities and planning the best way to leverage our network flexibility for their volume needs. The second lever is continuing to improve our international profitability. Our international business, particularly Europe, remains one of our biggest opportunities. I was in Europe in October, and I was happy to note the excellent progress there as we build upon the success of station integration, which was completed in May 2021. We remain on track for the completion of our air network integration in April 2022, which will complete the physical integration of TNT into FedEx Express and enable full physical interoperability of these networks. After April 2022, Paris' Charles de Gaulle Airport will serve as the main hub for all European and intercontinental flights. Liege will connect specific large European markets and ensure we have the flexibility to scale our operations in response to market needs, thus enabling us to focus on international growth. Brie will share more on what this enhanced value proposition means for our customers. Finally, we are unlocking value through digital innovation and our accelerated integration of data-driven technologies and enhanced digital capabilities ranging from increased network efficiency to customer experience improvements. For example, early package visibility enhances visibility of third-party trailers as improving customer collaboration, information sharing and package prioritization. Model-driven estimated delivery date uses machine learning to provide a more accurate estimated delivery day of packages to customers and recipients. And trailer load scan automation eliminates the need for a manual scan enabling faster and more efficient loading while significantly reducing package touches. These ongoing investments, network capacity, automation and technology, have helped FedEx build the most flexible and most responsive network in the industry, affording us significant competitive advantages. In closing, the successful execution of our strategies continues to drive high demand for our differentiated services. We remain confident in these strategies for the various reasons outlined. Our unparalleled portfolio of services powered by the strength and reach of our global network positions FedEx to deliver superior, sustainable financial returns and drive shareholder value for years to come. With that, let me turn this floor over to Brie.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj. Good afternoon, everyone. Q2 delivered our second consecutive quarter of 14% revenue growth, demonstrating the strong demand for our differentiated portfolio and our ability to drive revenue quality as a result. Constrained capacity has continued to support a favorable pricing environment. We are maintaining a brisk pace for repricing contracts, ensuring a high surcharge capture and yield improvements. We are working with large customers to identify opportunities, to move their volume from our national network to our regional and local networks, freeing up additional capacity for small business customers. Small businesses relied our market leading transit times in our seven-day a week network to compete. They cannot afford to deploy inventory at the same scale as large retailers. Our domestic yield growth was 9.1% with fuel in Q2. Our general rate increase will take place in January, and we expect a strong capture rate. In January, the Ground Economy peak surcharge will be replaced by the new Ground Economy delivery surcharge at a $1, solidifying the price point for our Economy product. And as a reminder, FedEx Ground Economy was formerly FedEx SmartPost. The landscape across the industry remains robust and positions us well for continued profitable growth. We are forecasting that the U.S. domestic parcel market will reach 134 million pieces a day by calendar year 2026, a remarkable 70% growth from 2020. E-commerce is expected to drive 90% of the parcel market growth. We have developed a tremendous portfolio of e-commerce solutions, and we are very confident that our competitive value proposition will enable us to continue to take share smartly in the addressable e-commerce market. As you all know, we have a diversified customer base globally as well as here in the United States. And as such, we can confidently grow without the risk of a very large and disruptive customer negotiation. The U.S. domestic B2B market is also expected to grow. It will grow at a 5% CAGR through 2026. We are growing our digital capabilities to provide a range of visibility experiences that will give our B2B customers greater clarity, confidence and control over their deliveries, especially in high-value verticals such as healthcare. Turning now to international. Our successful commercial and operational execution in response to COVID demonstrates our ability to grow profitably in an uncertain environment. Demand out of Asia continues to contribute strong revenue and profit performance, and our international economy embargo and peak surcharges are contributing to our yield growth there. Q2 Express international export yield grew 12% and volume grew 7.6%, which is outstanding year-over-year growth. International export composite yield grew to almost $54 per package, while average daily volume was more than 1.1 million. I am very proud of the international revenue quality results, especially given that we also had double-digit e-commerce growth internationally, which, of course, puts downward pressure on our package yield. International Priority Freight had a very strong quarter with 34% year-over-year revenue growth year-to-date. With new variants of COVID causing uncertainty in the global recovery, we believe that air cargo capacity will remain constrained through calendar year 2022 and a full recovery is not anticipated until at least 2024. Export demand in Europe and APAC has fully recovered to pre-pandemic levels and capacity on international lanes remains scarce. We anticipate a continued favorable pricing environment and an embargo on our deferred services out of Asia Pacific for the foreseeable future. We are targeting both B2B and cross-border e-commerce market share internationally. We have identified the target lanes for B2B growth where we have shared growth opportunity, most notably in and out of and across Europe. As Raj alluded to, with the launch of our integrated air network in April, we will dramatically enhance our capabilities within and into Europe, creating benefits for customers around the world. More European customers will have access to next-day and pre-noon delivery times for their intra-European shipments through our expanded portfolio of services. We will be able to offer customers an option of mid-day or end-of-day service in-bound to Europe, giving our customers around the world more choice and flexibility while giving our global sales team more opportunities to pursue. These enhancements, along with our intra-Europe road services and industry-leading Europe to U.S. service, position us with a very competitive portfolio. As we approach the final stages of physical integration this fiscal year, we are increasing the FedEx brand presence on the road in Europe by approximately 30%, including the rebranding of vehicles and facilities. Additionally, intercontinental e-commerce will contribute approximately half of the growth in the parcel market over the next decade. FedEx International Connect Plus, which launched across Europe, Asia Pacific and the United States, enables us to compete more effectively in this growing e-commerce market. In addition to the improvements in our transportation portfolio, we are very focused on our digital solutions across the customer journey. We have launched our new account opening application in eight countries with very great results. We are seeing double-digit improvement in account openings and customers opting in for My FedEx Rewards, which, of course, is the only small business loyalty program in the industry. We have also launched our new FedEx Ship Manager application in more than 100 countries. This is the primary tool for our small business segment to ship with FedEx. With the modern, easy-to-use interface, a small business can now create a label and get the package out the door more than a minute faster than they could previously. We will launch this new FedEx Ship Manager in the United States in 2022. In summary, we are very confident in our commercial strategies for revenue growth and yield improvement. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for his remarks.
Mike Lenz: Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everyone. Given the historically challenging nature of peak season, along with the continued staffing challenges felt by numerous companies around the world, we are quite pleased with our second quarter consolidated financial results, with adjusted operating income up 11% year-over-year. While adjusted earnings per share was unchanged year-over-year, this year's effective tax rate was significantly higher as last year's earnings included a $0.71 per share discrete tax benefit from favorable guidance issued by the IRS. As we anticipated, most of the headwinds we experienced in the first quarter persisted through the second quarter, which dampened our Q2 profitability by an estimated $770 million. To further unpack our second quarter results, I will highlight several key drivers. The difficult labor market once again had the largest effect on our bottom line, representing an estimated $470 million in additional year-over-year costs. As I did last quarter, I'll separate the effect of the labor market into two components; higher rates and network inefficiencies resulting from labor shortages. Of the $470 million, we estimate $230 million was incurred in higher wage and purchase transportation rates. This included higher wage rates and paid premiums for team members and higher rates paid for third-party transportation services. We estimate network inefficiencies resulting from labor shortages, increased costs by approximately $240 million. These costs include additional line-haul, higher usage of third-party transportation, cost to reposition assets in the network over time and recruiting incentives all to address staffing shortages. Beyond the labor effects, our results for the second quarter also included the following headwinds; $90 million related to investments in the ground network, as Raj outlined earlier, that are critical to improving service and adding capacity; an estimated $75 million in incremental air network costs at Express due to the continued effect of COVID restrictions on our operations; and lastly, a $70 million effect year-over-year from higher federal excise taxes as the waiver ended on December 31, 2020. With that overview of the consolidated results, let's turn to the highlights for the segments. Ground reported $8.3 billion in revenue, a 13% increase year-over-year, with operating margin at 5.8%. The results at Ground in the second quarter with operating income and margin down are not where we would like them to be, and our teams remain very focused on improving performance. Ground operating income was down approximately $70 million. And in addition to the $90 million I mentioned earlier, results were significantly affected by higher wage and purchase transportation rates and network inefficiencies amidst the constrained labor market. Express adjusted operating income increased to over $1 billion and reported an adjusted operating margin of 8.8%, which was driven by higher yields and international priority volume growth, which more than offset the negative effects of continued staffing challenges and COVID-19-related air network inefficiencies. Freight had another outstanding quarter with an operating margin of 14.7% as revenue for Q2 increased 17% year-over-year and operating income increased 33% year-over-year. Our Q2 results include a net pretax non-cash mark-to-market loss of $260 million related to the termination of the TNT Express Netherlands Pension Plan and a curtailment charge related to the U.S. FedEx Freight Pension Plan. I'll point you to our 10-Q filed this afternoon for more details on these charges. Now let's pivot to capital spending. Year-to-date, we spent $3.1 billion in capital as we continue to invest in our strategies for profitable growth, service excellence and modernizing our digital platforms. Our capital forecast for fiscal 2022 remains at $7.2 billion and less than 8% of anticipated revenue. We ended our quarter with $6.8 billion in cash and are targeting approximately $3 billion in adjusted free cash flow for FY2022, which puts us on pace to deliver over $7.5 billion in adjusted free cash flow for FY2021 and 2022 combined, far exceeding our historical levels. These cash flows have provided extensive flexibility as we continue to focus on balanced capital allocation and strengthening our balance sheet. As a result of this flexibility, I am pleased to announce our Board has approved a new $5 billion share repurchase authorization. And as part of this program, we expect to enter into a 1.5 billion share repurchase program that will be completed by the end of the fiscal year, which is on top of the $750 million of repurchases in the first half of the year. This new program highlights the tremendous confidence we have in our business and underscores our commitment to driving value for our shareholders. During Q2, we also made a $250 million voluntary contribution to our pension plan, which mitigates PBGC fees and further strengthens the funded status of our plan for our employees, and we expect to make an additional $250 million contribution in February. As for our FY2022 guidance, we are raising our full-year adjusted EPS range to $20.50 to $21.50 to reflect second quarter results and outlook for the second half of the fiscal year as well as the expected benefit from our ASR transaction. This improved outlook represents another outstanding financial year with a year-over-year increase in adjusted EPS ranging from 13% to 18%, following our strong 2021 results. While the second quarter exceeded our expectations, uncertainty remains across many fronts, including the labor market. We are closely monitoring developments related to the federal vaccine mandate, ongoing pandemic developments and inflation as we consider our outlook. Labor headwinds will persist in Q3, but the labor availability and network inefficiency component will continue to mitigate as we move through the quarter, given our progress to date and plans to address this. In addition, we do not expect a recurrence of approximately $1 billion in notable second half headwinds from a year ago that included the timing of variable compensation expense, historic severe winter weather, a one-time express frontline bonus and our commitment to the Yale Carbon Capture initiative. In summary, the successful execution during the second quarter of our strategies amidst a very dynamic environment gives us confidence in our updated outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2022 and beyond. In closing, I do want to take a moment of personal privilege here. While not on these calls, many of you are familiar with John Merino, our long-time Chief Accounting Officer, who signed our 10-Qs and 10-Ks. John has been integrally responsible for the quality and integrity of our financial information. And after 23 years with FedEx, he will retire at the end of this month. So on behalf of the leadership team, I want to thank him for his service and record of accomplishment. And now before we move to the Q&A, our Chairman and CEO, Fred Smith, has joined us and would like to share a few words.
Frederick Smith: Thank you, Mike, and good afternoon to everyone on the call. As promised on the June Analyst Call, I am here to answer any questions specifically for me. Let me start by saying thank you to our hundreds of thousands of team members. This time of year is challenging, especially for those working tirelessly on our frontlines, but your hard work and dedication to keep our purple promise for our customers is evident by the Q2 results, Raj, Brie and Mike have covered well today. Let me also thank John Merino for his outstanding work for FedEx as our Corporate Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer over these last 23 years. I'm pleased to announce we will be hosting an Investor Meeting on Tuesday and Wednesday, 28, 29 June 2022 in Memphis. Mickey will share details after the New Year, and I'll now pass it back to him to begin the Q&A portion of the call. Mickey?
Mickey Foster: Now I'd like to open our question-and-answer session. And please remember, callers are limited to one question, so we can accommodate everyone.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Brandon Oglenski from Barclays. Your line is open.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey. Good evening, everyone, and thanks for taking my question. Fred, thanks for joining the call. I guess the supply chain constraints that we've seen in the past year have been pretty steep. Through your context of looking at this industry, how much of this rate increase and inflation that we see is going to really result in stickiness? Or is this really transitory as we get things moving again?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, this is Raj. Let me answer that question. The supply chain constraints we're seeing today are two-fold. One is because of the lack of supply of critical components like semiconductors and the second is because of the congestions we're seeing in the port. Now as you know, FedEx gets out traffic a few miles downstream from the port, and that supply chain is actually flowing pretty good through the United States. Of course, we are also flying over the top and delivering high-value goods from the global economy through the system. We expect the supply chain constraints to stay for some time. The air cargo capacity is going to be constrained for some more time, and we are very well positioned for success here. Let me also add this point that we have the network flexibility to scale up and down. The size and scale of our network is massive for us to be able to manage the cost accordingly as well. But for the foreseeable future, I think there is strong demand for our services internationally.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks very much. Fred, I would love your thoughts on the long-term competitive environment in the parcel phase. Amazon just told us that they believe that they are now the largest parcel carrier in the country, and you've seen the USPS kind of ramp up capacity meaningfully in the last decade as well. What does this industry look like 10 years from now kind of both competitively and kind of where, and just what do e-commerce supply chains look like? And what part of the business would you like to concentrate in?
Raj Subramaniam: Ravi, this is Raj. Let me just say that the e-commerce market is growing very strongly, as Brie pointed out the numbers in her remarks. We are in the center of that e-commerce growth ecosystem. When you talk about any retailers and their omnichannel story, what often gets missed is the FedEx story that's right behind it, underneath it. And as you can see from our growth in the last – these two fiscal years, we're going to grow more than $20 billion, and so we're not lacking for growth. When people talk about the last mile, sometimes and most times, they forget about the first few thousand miles. And again, some of the statistics that people see and talk about are so misleading that I don't even know what to say about that.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Ken Hoexter from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kenneth Hoexter: Great. Good afternoon. Raj, just as you think about the cost and you mentioned the decelerating labor impact that Mike talked about, with Ground hitting the lowest margin level in nearly two decades; Express, it's obvious you have the structure set up for sustained growth, particularly with Europe and TNT integration. Brie talked about that. But now looking at Ground, should we expect some of those costs to subside as the labor, you mentioned, gets easier. Maybe just walk us through your thoughts on how Ground shakes out with the growth of e-commerce and the impact on margin?
Mike Lenz: So Ken, this is Mike. Let me just highlight a couple aspects there as you think about the second half. So Ground had the most significant impact from the labor availability challenges. So that, again, has significantly impacted margin and profit this quarter. As we move through the rest of the fiscal year, we'll see further mitigation of that somewhat in Q3, particularly in Q4, if you recall, the labor market began to turn around that period of time. So we'll be lapping some of that plus, we will have fully address the network inefficiencies. That said, we're not projecting any change in the labor rates because that is a step change that we think will persist.
Raj Subramaniam: And Ken, let me add to that by saying this much. Firstly, the first and most important point is the demand for our services is very robust. The pricing environment is very robust. The labor headwinds start to recede in the second half. The investments that we have made get more efficient as we go into the second half and the technology investments that make us more efficient as well. So we expect in the second half, our profit and operating margins to improve year-over-year, and we get double-digit. So I guess that answers that question.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Tom Wadewitz from UBS. Your line is open.
Thomas Wadewitz: Yes. Thank you. I wanted to get a little more color on the labor market. It does seem like it’s pretty tightly tied in Ground to your margin performance, whether you get traction on labor and kind of how rapidly that develops. So I guess is the assumption that you have that you convert a lot of the peak season labor to kind of ongoing? And then kind of how much visibility do you have to that? And I guess also, it seems like your point is stability in your cost per hour, let's say, for labor? Or are you assuming some further inflation in sequential increase in the cost per hour as you look out? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Tom. On the labor front, yes, we had obviously headwinds in the first two quarters and we actually landed pretty much where we thought it was going to be. Now, we are seeing, because of the actions we are taking considerable traction on the labor front, as I mentioned to you in my earlier remarks, just the last week, we had 111,000 applications for FedEx. That's the highest in our history. Again, to put that in context versus what we saw in May, that was 52,000. So you can see that we're making a lot of progress here. And so we are essentially staffed up for peak, and we think that we can hold on to the required labor to the second half. So that projections that we talk about now incorporate these assumptions. I don't know, Mike, if you want to add to that?
Mike Lenz: No, Tom, you're thinking about it in the right format there. Certainly, in December here, as the peak volume surge, we are continuing to navigate the network inefficiencies. But coming off a peak when the package handler count would otherwise perhaps go down further, we will stabilize that at a different level in order to optimize going forward. And just to reiterate, we're not assuming any reduction in the base pay rates as it were of labor from the market because I think that's well documented. That's here to stay, and we're managing to that going forward.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Chris Wetherbee from Citi. Your line is open.
Christian Wetherbee: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. I want to talk about the guidance a little bit and sort of make sure that we understood the main drivers of the increase, particularly in the back half of the year. So we have some of the cost dynamics easing I think into the back half, obviously comps from year-over-year are more favorable, but if you were to look at the back half and think about Ground relative to maybe Express, if you could help us sort of parse out where you see the better opportunity and how that's reflected in the new guidance?
Mike Lenz: So Chris, let me go at it this way. So first the three key components for driving the second half of the year are the pricing initiatives, the labor aspects that we just covered, as well as the headwinds we had in second half of last year. So as Brie mentioned, we're being very thoughtful about the various pricing levers and initiatives. So recall that the GRI goes into effect in January and that the surcharges – certain surcharges that we announced back in September, first of those hit in November. So we only had one month in the second quarter, so that will hit the whole year, as well as the ongoing contract renewals. So those are three key things to keep front and center when you're thinking about drivers for the second half of the year. As far as the broader guidance overall, Q2 was above our expectations. As Raj mentioned, the labor impacts actually came in right in line with what we anticipated back in September, but we executed strongly on our revenue quality initiatives. We managed and deferred the various expenses, and we were able to accommodate incremental demand, particularly from Asia Pacific. So the combination of the second quarter, our outlook for the second half of the year and then, of course, the impact of the ASR on share count is the last component in terms of when you think about the pieces of the overall annual guidance change. So hopefully, that helps frame that.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Jack Atkins from Stephens. Your line is open.
Jack Atkins: Okay. Great. Thank you. I guess a question here for either Brie or Raj. But when you think about your opportunity set in Europe, particularly on the revenue side, can you maybe talk about the cadence of unlocking some of the revenue and market share capture opportunities in Europe once the integration of TNT is finally complete here in April, maybe help us think through what a fully integrated physical network with FedEx Europe and TNT will give you, and how will that help you with allowing for improved European profits overall?
Brie Carere: Well, I think the short answer is we think post April that we have the best value proposition if you look at the combined bundle of intra-Europe Ground as well as intercontinental coming in and out of Europe. So we will have the very best coverage of overnight service across Western Europe from Europe into the U.S., and that combined with our leading Ground service. We think that that is just a great value proposition. As I mentioned, we're also making some pretty significant investments in our digital capabilities. So when we talked about the new FedEx Ship Manager online, we've already launched that in Europe and we've had great traction with it. So when we think about kind of post April, we've got a great portfolio for B2B and we are growing in e-commerce, which has been something that we haven't been able to do. As you look at the details that we released, you'll see that we're actually making room for growth for intra-Europe. So we're trading up from our international domestic portfolio in Europe. So we're making the right portfolio and customer mix decision to also really make sure we get the highest revenue quality out of our European business as well. We feel really good about the business right now.
Raj Subramaniam: And Jack, let me add one point to what Brie just mentioned. The ability for us to access low-cost intra-European networks for our international business in and out of Europe, that's the cost advantage as well in addition to all the portfolio and revenue opportunities that Brie just talked about.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey. Thanks for the question. Just on the balance sheet, and maybe the answer is we got to wait until June, and look forward to seeing you in Memphis, but how do you think about the balance set longer term and the balance of share repurchase relative to balance sheet improvement from these levels?
Mike Lenz: Yes. Duane, this is Mike. I think, certainly, opportunity to explore that further in June, but I would just emphasize that the announcement of the authorization is just a logical evolution in where we have been in terms of capital allocation and strengthening the balance sheet. You recall, we repurchased – we paid down some debt in the fourth quarter of 2021. We increased the dividend 15% this past June. We continue to thoughtfully invest in the business for efficiency as well as growth. So this initiative is just as part of the overall capital allocation, and so that's just the next step along the way, and we can elaborate more and explore further in June.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Jordan Alliger from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi. Just a question on the labor front, can you talk a little bit more about your progress on getting your core positions filled sort of the full-time folks versus just the seasonal hires that you needed? Just a point of clarification, I just want to make sure I heard right on the margin for Ground. Were you saying that the whole second half would average double- digit?
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. The answer to that question, Jordan, is that we are targeting second double-digit margins for the second half and improved year-over-year margins and improved year-over-year operating profit. So in terms of your other question, I'm sorry, say that again, I didn't quite understand it.
Jordan Alliger: My question was in terms of the hiring that you've talked about, you've talked a lot about the applications that have gone up. I'm just wondering in terms of actually the hiring of the core positions, not the seasonal employees, but the folks that you need sort of year round, what progress have you made on that versus just sort of the 80,000 or 90,000 people you needed for peak?
Raj Subramaniam: So we hired at the rate of 10,000 to 12,000 per week since Q2. And again, our objective here is to make sure that these team members stay with us post peak and that we have the labor situations to make our networks more efficient. The whole problem was our networks were inefficient. And now even as we speak, we are reloading packages back to where it should be in the first place. And that's what's going to make the difference.
Mike Lenz: Hey, Jordan. This is Mike. Another aspect as we've aggressively addressed this situation is in terms of the flexibility, in terms of scheduling and engaging employees, such that it's not as binary as full-time, part-time there. And that there's the scheduling flexibility helps us well in terms of navigating labor availability when and where you need it.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey. Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. Couple of follow-ups for you, Mike. You mentioned the vaccine mandate for federal contractors, obviously that was put on hold by a Court last week. So did that actually give you some cushion to work with? I guess, can you tell us if that was kind of a factor in terms of hiring people and if that was a headwind that you're now sort of relieved though? And then also, can you – you mentioned the ASR impact on EPS, I think it's 80% complete when it's once agreed upon. So imagine you can put a number around that for us. So please do that if you can? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Yes, Brian, it obviously depends on the precise timing and market conditions, but it would be somewhat north of $0.20 per share for the balance of the – in terms of the overall annual EPS. As it relates to the hiring, as Raj said, we've set a record in terms of applications two weeks ago for hourly positions at vacant. So we expect to continue to see progress on that front, and we'll be very mindful of how that evolves.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Scott Group: Hey. Thanks for the question. So as we start to lap some of the tougher yield comps, how are you thinking about yield growth in the back half of the year? And then, Raj, I want to just ask you big picture or Fred, it does seem like there's a massive margin opportunity for the corporation relative to peers. You've maybe talked about some initiatives, but any way to quantify what you see in terms of the initiatives or the opportunity set?
Frederick Smith: This is Smith here. There is a massive margin improvement opportunity. Raj, you can talk about the rest of it.
Raj Subramaniam: The core business is very strong. We are in the middle of a very robust market and the pricing environment. As I've said before, on the e-commerce market growth, we are in the center of it. We are in the center of this ecosystem and this has got both volume and yield opportunities. Our core B2B business is very strong. In addition to that, we have three levers. One is the ability for us to optimize across our operating companies and to make sure the right package goes in the right network and be very smart about how we spread our assets and use our capacity. The second is the turnaround opportunity or the upside opportunity, I should say, in Europe as we finish up the physical integration and to the point that Brie talked about in detail earlier. And lastly, the ability for us to deliver value for all our stakeholders from our digital innovation. There's a lot of work going on in this regard. We are sitting on so much global insights about the – global supply chain every single day, and we're working with our customers to provide those insights, and there's value there as well. So there's significant opportunities to go beyond our base. Brie, do you want to add to that?
Brie Carere: Yes, absolutely. I just want to kind of just double-click on the pricing environment in the back half. Yes, the comps are aggressive, but we still believe that there is upside from a revenue quality perspective. We're expecting a higher-than-normal capture of our general rate increase. We are making structural changes in all of our contracts as we move forward. We're just over 50% now of our customer base that we have renewed, so we still have some work to do there and some upside potential. We've also seen – small business was our fastest-growing segment again last quarter. So that, of course, is a great lift from a yield perspective. So yes, we're clear eyed that the comps are aggressive, but we still feel pretty confident in the pricing environment as we move forward, and we think we're doing a good job of managing kind of revenue quality as well as product and customer mix.
Operator: And our next question comes from Helane Becker with Cowen. Your line is open.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, everybody. So two questions. The first is, Mike, would you still consider share purchase as aggressively as you are if Congress instituted a tax on them? And the second question is with regard to sustainability and how you're thinking about improving or reducing your carbon footprint either through use of SAF for the aircraft fleet or shifting to different electric vehicles and so on? And just kind of wondering how you're thinking about that maybe longer term over the next five or seven years?
Mike Lenz: Helane, this is Mike. I'll take the first part of that. Yes, we are aware of proposed legislation related to the repurchase, as you mentioned there. Our transaction will largely complete in December. So we'll just have to see how that would play out subsequent to that, but that's the accelerated share repurchase delivers much of it upfront.
Raj Subramaniam: And Helane, on the carbon-neutral goals, we have announced and we are very proud of it, the fact that we announced that we achieved carbon neutrality across our global operations by 2040, and we didn't do this casually. We thought about this a lot. And vehicle electrification is a key path to our success here. We are expanding the use of electric vehicles that will lead to significant reductions. We expect that 50% of FedEx Express global PUD vehicles will be electric by 2025, rising to 100% of purchases by 2030. So we're making good progress there. We have line of sight on the over-the-road vehicles. On the SAFs, yes, we will obviously look at that, but SAF represents a very small piece of the demand, and also the cost is not where it needs to be yet. So we know that there's some fundamental research needs to be done to really address this issue, and that's part of the reason why we're investing $100 million with the Yale to create the Yale Center for Natural Carbon Capture. And again, the initial work and focus on to offset the equivalent of carbon emissions from the aviation industry. So lots more to come here. But again, this is something we are very serious about and working with the best minds to get the answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Jeff Kauffman from Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Kauffman: Thank you very much, and thank you for taking my question. Fred, while we have you on the phone, I was just curious, there's legislation moving through Congress to affect trade with China. I know there was news about a groundbreaking digital trade agreement between the U.K. and Singapore. I know this has always been a popular topic with you. What is your view on the status of trade policy out there? And can you talk a little bit about any catalysts that might occur that might be beneficial with the company coming up?
Frederick Smith: Well, we have expressed to both Republican and Democratic administrations that we feel that it was a major mistake for the United States to walk away from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. What that agreement did was to allow us to deepen our trade ties with our other trading partners. And of course, given the leadership of Japan, the other participants did go forward with it. So the best way to normalize the relationships with China is to sign TPP and get a more normalized trading relationship, which China would like to then join. And on the broader issue, obviously, we feel very strongly. As our great Secretary of State, Cordell Hull, said decades ago, he and Roosevelt were really the architects of United States promoting open trade. It's when goods cross borders, armies rarely do. So the best way to keep a harmonious relationship with China is not to disconnect, to trade where we can. And that's what we support. And I'm hopeful that at the end of the day that cooler heads will prevail, and we'll join the TPP and we will try to have that constructive relationship with China. The reality is people forget about this, and all of the populous politics. The trade that the United States promoted in the last 30 years gave each household in the United States an increase in disposable income of about $10,000 or $11,000. I mean it was a huge benefit, an enormous tax decrease. So we are strong free traders, and we think we should stay engaged in China, and we hope the administration does that. And I quite frankly, am optimistic because I think at the end of the day, that view will eventually prevail. Particularly in a period of labor shortage, it's impossible for the United States to manufacture all the goods that consumers in the United States want. So I hope that was helpful.
Operator: And next, we'll go back to Bascome Majors from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Bascome Majors: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. You own the largest less in truckload business in North America. It could do potentially close to $2 billion in EBITDA this year. How do you get investors to focus more and give you more credit for having that valuable asset?
Frederick Smith: Bascome, we appreciate the question. We are very proud of the results of FedEx Freight and we see great opportunity going forward. That's a key part of the overall enterprise strategy. Raj highlighted some of the collaboration initiatives. It will have a key role as well as it grows the very successful FedEx Freight Direct product that's being well received. And so I think it will be just continuing to focus on the success as the largest LTL carrier in terms of the revenue quality and sustainability of the performance of the Freight business as a stand-alone as well as the synergies that will accrue to the overall enterprise as we increase collaboration beyond what Raj highlighted earlier.
Raj Subramaniam: And let me just reiterate that FedEx Freight is an important part of our overall enterprise strategy, and our results at FedEx Freight, our outstanding margins illustrate that our strategy is working.
Operator: And next, we'll go to David Vernon from Bernstein. Your line is open.
David Vernon: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Raj, I'd love if you could help us really understand kind of what that opportunity is inside of Europe. I remember when you guys first announced the acquisition of TNT, you're sharing some information around the profitability of the Domestic segment versus Europe. Can you give us a sense for whether you're making money in Europe today and what the margin level is and where it can go through?
Raj Subramaniam: We're not going to break out the numbers for you that you asked for, but let me just address it qualitatively. The rationale for the integration remains as sound as it was when we made the acquisition. The portfolio in Europe, we're talking about international. In and out of Europe, in the continental, we are very strong there. Intra-European Express, we are doing pretty good. It's the intra-European Ground business that we didn't have very minimal share. Well, with TNT, we have the best player in that business. Now that being part of this portfolio and we will stay very disciplined on the international domestic business, we now have the portfolio to make it successful and piece it all together not only from a customer value proposition perspective, but also from a cost of moving international, especially economy goods on the road. So I hope that answered the question, but we feel that – and also, the restructuring program that we announced earlier this calendar year is on track to make sure that we are as efficient as possible in Europe. So a lot of things going on. Very excited about what April 2022 brings.
Mike Lenz: Yes. David, it's Mike. It's just important to reiterate that completing the physical integration here at the end of this fiscal year really sets the foundation to enable this opportunity going forward, and we can certainly expand upon that in further detail when you all come visit us in June.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Bruce Chan from Stifel. Your line is open.
Bruce Chan: Hey. Thanks, operator, and good evening, everyone. Maybe just another one on the LTL side because we've spoken a bit about the ground network expansion here, but for LTL, you've got several peers that are adding some meaningful terminal capacity. Maybe you could just give us a sense of where you are right now in terms of freight facility utilization and then whether you plan to grow the network there as well? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: The LTL side, our utilization is strong, but we are very disciplined in how we manage that business. The revenue quality and efficiency are watchwords as we – we are the number one revenue share in this segment, and so all I would say there is that the demand for our business continues strong. Our revenue quality remains strong, and we will be very judicious in how we add capacity.
Mike Lenz: Yes. Bruce, this is Mike. ADS grew 3% in the quarter. The revenue quality focus came through in the bottom line, and we continue with our initiatives to incorporate technology into the LTL business to do exactly what you ask about there and enhance the efficiency and utilization of our assets.
Operator: And our last question comes from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Todd Fowler: Great. Thanks and good evening, everyone. Just to close out on Ground margins. It sounds like that you've got some stabilization now as we move into the back half of the year, but how do we think about the longer-term path to moving beyond kind of the high-single to low double-digit margin range you've been in? Obviously, there's been a lot of revenue growth in the segment, but how do we move kind of beyond the margin range of the past couple of years? Is that something that you need to price to get the margin level up? Is it getting some of the efficiencies? And how do you think about normalized incremental margins there? Thanks.
Mike Lenz: So Todd, this is Mike. I know we threw a lot at you as it relates to the initiatives there, but they will continue to build in terms of – labor is one piece. We talked about the new facilities we opened. Those facilities aren't as efficient at the outset. We are making – we are seeing that from those that we opened last year. We're also exploring different ways to even fully utilize those assets, the technology elements that Raj highlighted. So there's a number of components there that come together and will be integral to driving Ground profitability and margins higher, and so we're very optimistic about the trajectory there, and getting past this headwind of the labor right now really will be a good launching point for these other aspects to gain even more traction.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue. I'll turn it back over to management for closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-09-23 17:30:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:03 Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year Twenty Twenty Two Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: 00:22 Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. The first quarter earnings release, Form ten Q and stat book are on our website at FedEx.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about one year. 00:43 Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. 00:56 I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance, maybe considered forward looking statements within the meaning of the act. 01:15 Such forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. 01:34 Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at FedEx.com for a reconciliation of the non GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 01:47 Joining us on the call today are Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Mike Lenz, Executive VP and CFO; Brie Carere, Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer. And now Raj will share his views on the quarter.
Raj Subramaniam: 02:06 Thank you, Mickey, and good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining today's call. First and foremost, I would like to extend my sincerest thanks to our global team members who continue to deliver for our customers in an exceptionally challenging operating environment. We are extremely proud and grateful for the manner in which Team FedEx continues to move the world forward. The execution of our strategies continues to drive high demand for our differentiated services despite the disruptive impact of the pandemic to labor availability, industry capacity and global supply chains. As you look at our first quarter results, our performance was highlighted by double digit increases in yield across all our transportation businesses driven by limited capacity, high demand and our revenue management strategy. The impact of constrained labor markets remains the biggest issue facing our business as with many other companies around the world and was a key driver of our lower than expected results in the first quarter. As Mike will share in more detail momentarily, we estimate that the impact of labor shortages on our quarterly results was approximately four fifty million dollars primarily at FedEx Ground. 03:19 Labor shortages have had two distinct impacts on our business. The competition for talent, particularly for our frontline workers have driven wage rates higher and pay premiums higher. 03:32 While wage rates are higher the more significant impact is the widespread inefficiencies in our operation from constrained labor markets. To illustrate this, I'd like to share a brief example from FedEx Ground. Our Portland, Oregon hub is running with approximately sixty five percent of the staffing needed to handle its normal volume. This staffing shortage has a pronounced impact on the operations, which results in our teams diverting twenty five percent of the volume, that would normally flow to this hub because it simply cannot be processed efficiently to meet our service standards. And in this case, the volume that’s diverted must be rerouted and processed, which drives inefficiencies in our operations and in turn higher costs. 04:19 These inefficiencies included adding incremental line haul and delivery routes, meaning more miles driven and a higher use of third party transportation to enable us to bypass Portland entirely. 04:33 Now that's merely one example. Across the FedEx Ground network, there are more than six hundred thousand packages a day being rerouted. We anticipate the cost pressures from network inefficiencies such as the one I just illustrated to persist through peak as we navigate the labor market and impacts of new Covid [grades] (ph). 04:56 Overcoming these staffing and retention challenges is our utmost priority as they not only affect our cost structures and operational efficiency but also having a negative impact on service levels. 05:07 As such, we're taking bold action across the enterprise to hire and invest in our frontline team members as we prepare for the peak season ahead. These actions include targeted pay premiums, particularly for weekend shifts, increased tuition reimbursement, sponsorship of a national hiring day on September twenty third as we seek to hire ninety thousand additional positions ahead of peak; detailed volume and demand planning with customers to drive additional sorts to alleviate congestion and expanding network capacity, which I will touch on shortly. 05:46 Based on these actions, combined with our expectations for improving labor conditions we do anticipate gradual improvement in our operational efficiency as we turn into the new calendar year. 06:00 During the first quarter, the team continued to execute on our strategy even amid the challenging operating environment. As e-commerce drives higher demand, we continue to strategically invest in our network to boost daily package volume capacity, increase efficiencies and further enhance the speed and service capabilities of our networks. 06:22 Our investments continued in Q1 as FedEx Ground expanded its physical footprint with the new state of the art hub in Chino, California, which began operations in August. This fully automated hub includes large package sortation, has the capability to process up to thirty thousand packages per hour and strategically located to help address ongoing port congestion challenges. FedEx Ground also continues to see year over year improvement in last mile efficiency, driven by a two point four percent increase of packages delivered per hour compared to Q1 last year thanks to route optimization technology. 07:00 As we move into Q2, we are meticulously planning for peak season ahead including close collaboration with customers to build solutions to enable them to succeed. We expect to have substantially higher ground capacity this peak season, due to our investments in FedEx Ground’s infrastructure. This includes the addition of more than a dozen new automated facilities and several other sortation equipment expansions in addition to the Chino hub that I already mentioned. 07:29 Several key technology projects are also slated for completions this fall, including the modernization of multiple sortation, transportation management and safety systems, which will help to increase Ground’s network capacity by one hundred per thousands of ADV, as well as its flexibility and resiliency. This brings a total capacity increase of more than one million average daily volume compared to last peak. 07:56 Another significant opportunity in our growth strategy is the improvement in the profitability of our International Express operations. We reached a significant agreement with the social partners at our Liege express operations regarding the intended European Air network transformation. 08:12 This is an important milestone in the completion of the Air Network integration, which remains on track for completion in spring twenty twenty two. 08:21 That will bring the physical network integration of TNT into FedEx to a close and when combined with the benefits of our previously announced European restructuring provides significant upside in our international profitability moving forward. 08:39 In summary, we're taking bold actions in the short term to navigate through this highly uncertain environment. We remain committed to long term shareholder return and we are very confident in our strategy for the following reasons. 08:52 We have a differentiated portfolio of services to attack the fast growing e-commerce market. Our business model gives us the framework to be very successful in this regard. In fact, we are working strategically with several retailers to deliver a win-win-win solution - win for the retailer, win for end consumer and win for FedEx. For instance, we recently partnered with a large retailer to create a common data platform that drives optimization of our combined assets, and enhancement of visibility and predictability to the end customer. 09:29 Further, as a day definite residential volumes grow in our network, there's increasing opportunity to collaborate across our operating companies to improve efficiency by better utilizing our assets. 09:41 Another upside for FedEx is international hence the completion of our physical integration in Europe provides an inflection point for profitable growth. And finally, we are in the early stages of unlocking value from digital innovation. We are confident that this will play a significant part in success of FedEx for years to come as we make supply chains work smarter for everyone. 10:04 Our strategy is sound and positions us well for improved returns as we move through fiscal year twenty two and beyond. With that, let me turn it over to Brie.
Brie Carere: 10:17 Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. Our first quarter commercial results were very strong with fourteen percent revenue growth and double digit yield improvement in our Transportation segment. These results reflect the positive backdrop for growth in the parcel markets, including a very healthy pricing environment. 10:36 For fiscal year twenty two, FedEx revenue was forecasted to pass ninety billion dollars. Further, we are forecasting that the U.S. parcel market will grow to one hundred and one million packages a day by calendar year twenty twenty two, which is year over year growth of twelve percent. These market projections are slightly lower than last quarter as e-commerce percentage as a percentage of retail decline. We saw a shift to in-store shopping and buy online pickup in store and spending in services of course, increased. However, despite this moderate change in e-commerce growth, the secular trend of e-commerce growing as a percentage of retail will continue to drive healthy parcel market growth. 11:17 We are forecasting a ten percent annual growth rate of U. S. domestic market volumes through twenty twenty six. 11:25 At FedEx in the first quarter, total U.S. domestic package volumes increased year over year by one point five percent. At Express, our total U.S. domestic package volume grew seven percent year over year. Total FedEx Ground volumes were relatively flat in the quarter, however, I'm very proud as we proactively manage our capacity for higher yielding commercial and home delivery services. In fact, FedEx Ground commercial volumes grew double digits in the quarter. 11:54 In the first quarter of fiscal year twenty two, FedEx total U.S. domestic residential package volume mix was fifty seven percent versus sixty two percent a year ago. 12:05 U.S. B2B mix improved year over year in the first quarter of fiscal year twenty two as B2B volumes continue to recover with inventory replenishment and manufacturing rebounding as the economy opens. B2C mix continues to remain higher, however than pre pandemic levels. 12:22 In Q1 FedEx Freight revenue increased twenty three percent driven both by increased volume and higher revenue quality, a huge shout out to the FedEx Freight team, great job, team. FedEx Freight Direct continues to bring incredible momentum. 12:40 Turning now to our revenue quality strategy. The continued constrained capacity in both the U.S. domestic and international markets has led to a very favorable pricing environment. We are focused on protecting and growing volume in high yielding commercial segments, including commercial ground and small and medium segments. We have an incremental opportunity to improve large customer yields through contract renewals and providing large customers an ability to procure incremental capacity at current market rates. 13:10 As announced yesterday effective January third, twenty twenty two, FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and FedEx Home Delivery shipping rates will increase by an average of five point nine percent. While FedEx Freight rates will increase by an average of five point nine percent to seven point nine percent. We also announced other surcharge increases which can be found on FedEx. com. 13:33 These increases will help us continue to balance capacity with demand and mitigate the impact from the increased costs that Raj just outlined. 13:41 Turning now to International. We are forecasting the air cargo market to be more than eighty billion dollars by calendar year twenty twenty five. At FedEx, we currently have single digit market share, and as such, this remains a significant growth opportunity for us to continue to pursue. We expect air cargo capacity to remain constrained through at least the first half of calendar year twenty twenty two. A full recovery is not anticipated until twenty twenty four. 14:10 Global air cargo capacity continued to recover in July. It is still down ten percent compared to pre pandemic levels. Capacity on international lanes remains scarce, and we have seen European and APAC export demand recover to pre pandemic levels. 14:27 Globally, we continue our efforts to optimize our network and customer mix. We managed to a very high percentage of priority service on our international flights, with yield per package improvement of eleven percent for international parcel and yield per pound improvement of eighteen percent for international freight, Exports from Asia are fueled by the strong demand from B2C and B2B recovery. B2B will further benefit from a shift in demand from ocean freight to air cargo as our customers replenish stock levels in time for the peak sales season. 15:03 To provide access to reliable capacity in this constrained environment, we turn six previously ad hoc intercontinental flights into scheduled service in fiscal year quarter Q1, four trans-Pacific and two for the Asia Europe lane. We are seeing a strong recovery in Europe as well with the overall economic recovery back to pre-pandemic level. 15:27 Our inter Europe cross border B2B volumes have recovered to pre Covid levels. Our growth is further accelerated by significant B2C parcel volumes. E-commerce growth will be critical for both our Asian and European businesses. In Q1 we expanded FedEx International Connect Plus from Europe to six new global destinations, increasing coverage to eighty two percent of global GDP across a total of three hundred lanes. And on September first, we launched FICP in EMEA across eighty origin destination lanes. 16:02 For businesses looking for a cost effective solution with competitive transit FICP provides a compelling e-commerce value proposition. We continue to gain new customers through FICP and have a very robust sales pipeline. 16:16 In summary, while it continues to be a very dynamic market, we remain incredibly confident in our global growth potential and our world class commercial teams to bring in market leading yields. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for his remarks.
Mike Lenz: 16:30 Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everyone. Our first quarter FY’22 adjusted earnings per share of four point three three seven dollars was negatively impacted by approximately eight hundred million dollars in year over year headwinds. And while Raj covered the operational impacts of these challenges I will detail the financial impacts for the quarter. 16:50 Of these headwinds, the [Indiscernible] year over year cost, the majority of which impacted our FedEx Ground business. As we look into the impact of labor costs on the business I want to break this impact higher wages and the impact of network inefficiencies. And we estimate that two hundred million [Indiscernible] purchased transportation rates. 17:18 This included higher wage rates and pay premiums for team members and higher rates paid for third party transportation and services. 17:27 In addition to the higher wage rates, we estimate that network inefficiencies of approximately two [Indiscernible] fifty million dollars contributed to the total impact of labor shortages on the business. 17:42 These costs include additional line haul, higher usage of third party transportation, cost of repositioned assets in the network over time and recruiting [incentives] (ph) all to address staffing shortages. 17:58 Beyond the labor impacts, our results for the first quarter also included the following headwinds. An additional one hundred and thirty five million dollars in a healthcare costs [Indiscernible] lower utilization a year ago, eighty five million dollars related to investments in the Ground network, which represents the cost of bringing online sixteen new automated facilities and expansions at a hundred facilities which are critical to improving service and adding capacity to meet growth for peak and beyond. 18:32 And at Express, an estimated sixty million dollars in incremental air network costs due to the impact of Covid restrictions on our operations, including limitations on layover, supplemental crews to ensure service continuity and immigration restrictions. 18:50 In addition, and as a reminder, our prior year results at Express included a pre-tax benefit of sixty five million dollars from a reduction in aviation excise taxes. 19:02 That said, our first quarter results did come in lower than our own expectations as difficult labor conditions persisted throughout the quarter. As a result of that variable compensation was not an expense headwind in the first quarter. 19:18 With that overview of the consolidated results let’s turn to the highlights for the segments. 19:24 At Express results declined due to the higher operating expenses from staffing challenges and Covid related air network impacts I discussed. Profitability was also impacted by fewer charter flights compared to the surge last spring during the early months of the pandemic. While we've covered the impacts to Ground results in detail, I would like to call to your attention to an enhancement in our reporting included in the release and the ten Q. 19:52 As a result of business growth and our unmatched seven day operating network at ground, we are now providing additional product level disclosures for average daily package volume. 20:03 Beginning with our first quarter, we are breaking out ADV statistics for FedEx Ground commercial, home delivery, and economy services. 20:12 Turning to Freight, we reported a record operating margin of seventeen point three percent for the quarter as our continued focus on revenue quality and profitable growth drove average daily shipments up twelve percent and revenue per shipment increased eleven percent as Brie highlighted previously. 20:29 Now let's pivot to capital spending. During the first quarter, we spent one point six billion dollars in capital as we continue to invest in our strategies for profitable growth, service excellence and modernizing our digital and IT platforms. Our capital forecast for fiscal twenty two remains at seven point two billion dollars and less than eight percent of anticipated revenue and includes following key elements: First, more than fifty percent increase in capital spending at Ground year over year for capacity expansion and new facilities to capture opportunities from growing e-commerce business. 21:08 And second, fleet modernization at Express with continued investment in seven sixty seven and seven seventy seven aircraft which not only has a high financial return, but is an important part of the strategy to reduce our carbon footprint. 21:23 In evaluating capital investments, our return on invested capital on existing capital and new projects is a critical metric to managing our business and we have a rigorous approval process in place on all new capital projects. 21:37 As we look at investments we set the internal rate of return hurdle above our weighted average cost of capital, which varies based on the nature of the project. For example, an investment in replacement capital would have a lower hurdle rate than growth capital. Capital returns has always been an important metric to managing the business both historically and in the future. 21:58 We ended our quarter with seven billion dollars in cash and are targeting over three billion dollars in adjusted free cash flow for FY’22, which puts us on pace to deliver over seven point five billion dollars in adjusted free cash flow for FY’21 and twenty two combined far exceeding our historical levels. 22:20 We continue to focus on thoughtful capital allocation and strengthening our balance sheet in fiscal twenty twenty two. During the quarter, we repurchased one point nine million shares totaling roughly five fifty million dollars and are targeting approximately one million additional shares for the balance of the year. 22:38 In addition, we plan to make a five hundred million dollars voluntary contribution to our pension plan this year. We are lowering our fiscal twenty twenty two guidance to reflect our first quarter results, which were lower than our expectations. As we look to the rest of the fiscal year, we expect certain factors to extend longer than we originally forecast in June. So, for fiscal twenty two, we are now forecasting earnings per share of eighteen point two five dollars to nineteen fifty before the mark to market retirement plan accounting adjustment and earnings per share of nineteen point seventy five to twenty one dollars before the mark to market adjustments and excluding estimated TNT integration expenses and cost associated with business realignment activities. 23:26 And our effective tax rate projection is approximately twenty four percent again prior to the mark to market retirement plan adjustments. 23:35 While our outlook reflects more uncertainty moving forward, it represents adjusted year over year EPS growth ranging from approximately nine percent to fifteen point five percent following our record fiscal twenty twenty one. 23:53 As you all know, we are navigating an inherently uncertain macro environment and managing several unknowns. The [Indiscernible] shape and timing of global economic recovery given the dynamics of the pandemic, including the spread and response to new and existing Covid variants, the uneven nature of global government restrictions, disruptions to global supply chains, and, of course, recovery and labor availability. 24:19 Our forecast assume continued growth in U.S. industrial production and global trade, a gradual improvement in labor availability, current fuel price expectations and existing tax regulations. 24:32 With respect to labor, we are assuming that the combination of these actions we are taking that Raj outlined combined with a steady increase in labor availability as we turn into calendar twenty two will allow us to add team members which will drive improvement in our efficiency, productivity and cost structure. 24:54 While we are not providing specific second quarter EPS guidance, I do want to highlight a few key assumptions within our outlook. Overall for the second quarter, we anticipate a similar level of headwinds in Q2 as we experienced in the first quarter as the challenges and impacts to our operations from the labor shortages are expected to persist in the rest of calendar twenty twenty one. Consistent with the first quarter, we also expect headwinds in Q2 to be driven by our expansion of Ground, higher healthcare expenses, COVID related air network inefficiencies at Express and the benefit in the prior year of reduced aviation excise taxes. 25:36 That said while these headwinds will persist in second quarter, we expect strong performance in the second half of fiscal twenty two. 25:43 We remain confident that our long term strategies will allow us to realize the benefits of growth investments in the future and next we'd be happy to address your questions.
Operator: 26:02 [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Scott Group: 26:24 Hey, thanks. So, guys, it strikes me that everybody in transportation right now has a lot of pricing power. And everyone's dealing with tight labor capacity and inflation, but every other transport companies reporting margin improvement and earnings growth. So, I guess my question is, why do you think you are seeing a bigger impact than anybody else in transportation and outside of just adding more capacity and spending more, what sort of meaningful significant changes do you think you need to make or are you contemplating making to start realizing more sustainable improvement in margin, earnings, returns, all that? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: 27:14 Let me start by saying that we definitely do not see this as an us versus them situation at all. In fact, the Minneapolis Fed noted that firms in every sector reported difficulty in attracting labor and that sixty eight percent of the Fortune hundred companies - supply chain and labor disruptions over the past quarter. 27:34 So the situation is very complex, not just the availability of workers, workers impacted by safety concerns with the Covid, of course, the very really issue of childcare and our labor markets and broader economy cannot function properly and that schools and day care cannot stay open. So our approach to our teams and our people first culture combined with the flexible operating model in Ground has positioned to remain competitive in this market and we are highly confident that the actions we are taking to address the shortage as I outlined in my prepared remarks. 28:07 Let me just also add that we are very confident in our strategy. I mean where the market is growing, we have a differentiated value position, we have a network, an operating model that makes it very - that makes it good for us to succeed. And so we are confident in the long term strategy here. And as Mike said, we expect to see in the calendar year - the new calendar year the labor availability will continue to recover, Mike.
Mike Lenz: Yeah, Scott, just I would add, I think you can't just characterize all transportation companies in one singular bucket there and assume that everybody has the same considerations in terms of the nature of the business there. We've kind of explained with great specificity how this operationally impacts us and thus the financial ramifications of that. So, look, we fully recognize that the first quarter wasn't what we anticipated. We've taken a number of actions to address that. We will continue to identify further actions but I will fully say if the circumstances don't change as we identify here, we absolutely would need to revisit the pace of the plans that we have. The strategies are sound, but we would absolutely need to think about the pace of things given the environment that we're operating in. So, I think Brie highlighted the characteristics of what growth is and will continue to be in the business. So that remains the underpinning going forward.
Operator: 30:02 And next we'll go to Brandon Oglenski from Barclays. Your line is open.
Brandon Oglenski: 30:08 Good evening everyone and thank you for taking my question. Mike, can I just follow-up on that, I think the frustrating card from the investor perspective do you guys have definitely seen pretty substantial growth in the past decade, definitely put the capital behind that, but margins are actually lower now than they were prior peak returns have obviously come down, and we do hear lots of bold actions how to sustain forward growth. But I guess, I’m going to ask the question just the same way like what is being done in a bold way to improve returns and profitability across all these networks. And is there a way to look back and say hey we've been investing in the 777 and seven six seven for you to get Express margins [aren't showing] (ph) those traction, how do we review those prior plans to ensure that they deliver in the future? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: 30:56 So, well, Brandon, let me first, you mentioned about Express investment in the aircraft there. If you rewind roughly a year and a half ago, we were in the midst of talking about parking and reducing capacity in a number of our MD11 fleet. 31:19 Obviously, the market changed radically here and there was the need for the additional capacity and the opportunity there, so we unparked those. Should things change going forward, that remains a flex lever and it absolutely is the case they're having a higher proportion of the newer more efficient aircraft with the seven sixty seven and triple seven are in the fleet will drive improved economics and margins at Express. So, again, we're ongoing looking at these different network initiatives and so that absolutely remains a long term winner in terms of the fleet renewal and we will continue with that. 32:04 What was the second part of – you started off with another aspect?
Brandon Oglenski: Well, you Mike, the frustrating thing I think for a lot of your investors is that the growth is very evident, especially in the last few years, it's just that margins have not improved. So there's always a plan to improve margins that doesn't seem to come through. So what are the bold steps that can be taken to improve those outcomes in the future?
Mike Lenz: Well, let me just step back a little bit. We had record results in twenty one and improved margins. Our guidance albeit lower than what we shared with you three months ago is if you look at the operating earnings in fact is double digit at the low end, we had some discrete tax items there. So, indeed, we are focused on driving improved margins, cash flows and returns and feel that we're projecting another record year on top of a record year. So, again, we are absolutely committed to continuing that trajectory.
Operator: 33:17 And we'll go next to Chris Wetherbee from Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Wetherbee: 33:22 Hey thanks for taking the question. I want to ask about costs, Mike, it’d be helpful to kind of run through a number of the items that were impacting the quarter. But if I were to sort of exclude those items and look at sort of the cost inflation on the package business, the Express and Ground package, it looks like I'm getting about nine percent cost inflation on essentially flat volume. So I was wondering maybe if you could help us understand ex some of the items that you've talked about, what's driving the cost inflation at such a high level when we're not seeing the volume growth for those individual segments. And maybe do you expect that to sort of change and do you think margins expand in both of those segments for the full year?
Mike Lenz: Well, let me let take a swing at that first. So as it relates to the cost inflation and taking that category broadly, let me just clarify what's in our outlook. The network inefficiencies inherently are contributing to that cost increase that you're talking about. We expect those to mitigate and work away. In our outlook that we're giving you here, we're not assuming any change in terms of the current labor market in terms of wage rates and that. So just to give you an illustrative example here, a year ago, our package handlers at Ground, we are paying an hourly rate that is sixteen percent more than previously, at our Express major sort locations the hourly rate is north of a twenty five percent increase. So that is the reality of the labor market right now. And so as Brie highlighted, we are taking a number of actions to recognize and address that; maybe if I help talk through as we go through the year here, I think maybe part of what you - we are also there. So again, like I said, more efficient operations as we go through the year, The pricing actions that we announced yesterday combined with our ongoing efforts, those largely will impact the second half of the year. 35:40 Raj highlighted a number of the adaptations we're making in our operating plans as well as some of the technology and other initiatives we're bringing on to execute more efficiently and then just to tie off some aspects here, we will have some tailwinds in the second half. As you may recall, we had the severe weather situation in the third quarter of last year, variable comp will be a tailwind in the second half of the year. 36:09 And then there was two other items with the frontline bonus program and then the recognition of our [yield] (ph) contribution. So trying to put all that in context for you there. Raj, anything you…
Raj Subramaniam: I just going to cap it of course by just saying that we expect in the second half that improve margins in all segments of our business.
Operator: And next we'll go to Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ravi Shanker: 36:39 Thank you. I do want to follow-up on the last comment because again, some of the items that point to the second half being [Indiscernible] better than the Indiscernible]. So I'm just going to get the sense of how you have this confidence in second half being significantly better than the first half. The reason I’m asking the question is because you [Indiscernible] your full year guidance by approximately [Indiscernible] which doesn’t necessarily imply that you expect to be [Indiscernible]?.
Mike Lenz: 37:25 Ravi, you broke up some there, but I there was a reference to some of these items being non-operational in the second half, I guess maybe I'd turn it around the other way and say if we were fully…
Ravi Shanker: Sorry if I can try again, if I stop [Indiscernible], I was wondering if you could get us a little bit more detail into why you think second half is going to be materially better than the first half because some of the items you quantified, the yield contribution, the variable comp etcetera, those seem kind of non-operational almost one-time [Indiscernible] nature kind of, so again, do you really feel like the top line could accelerate, the volumes are going to accelerate and the reason I’m asking this question is because you basically cut your full year guidance by approximately the magnitude of the first quarter miss, which does not seem to imply that you are expecting the labor cost [expense] (ph) to continue for the rest of the year?
Mike Lenz: Well, we're not sitting on our hands amidst the circumstances, we're taking actions to mitigate it. So, I wouldn't characterize it as just singularly looking at Q1 and changing as a result of the outcome of that. So we're aggressively managing every aspect there. 38:47 I guess, I might turn it around the other way and say, if you looked at our results in Q1 absent the labor availability challenges, it would be extraordinary and thus we realize the absolute number matters and so we're taking actions on a number of fronts that will make the second half exactly as we outlined. I'll let Brie address your volume question for later as we go through the year.
Brie Carere: 39:17 Yes. I guess the only thing to add is we're still pretty bullish on the volume growth and our ability to take share both domestically and internationally. The Q1 of our fiscal year is the hardest comp year over year from a growth perspective. So for sure we had to say earlier I think there was a comment earlier about kind of flat volumes. We have to put that in perspective and we have record high volumes within the network right now as we look towards peak. We're going to see growth on what was a tremendous growth at peak last year. So, we are pretty confident in the volumes and again, to complement what Mike shared as a reminder, a lot of our increase [Indiscernible] in January, so we'll [have] (ph) it in the back half, which is obviously a big driver of back half performance and then a couple of things, John’s got some great technology that's coming into market as we head into peak and in the back half. It’s going to help us be more productive, and Karen Reddington and the Europe team has some incredible work going on as they finalize the integration of the Air Network, and we've got some other work going on there to improve European profitability. So, we are pretty confident in the back half of the year.
Operator: 40:25 And next, we'll go to Ken Hoexter from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ken Hoexter: 40:30 Hi, thanks. So, Raj, I think there was a comment in the release kind of talking about some of the deceleration on some of the e-commerce with ground volumes down ten percent year over year international, domestic down thirteen percent. Is that part of what you're anticipating for labor to improve or maybe just talk about the topline where you were just mentioning still seeing strength and a good network in the peak, but yet these numbers indicate and kind of what we're hearing from the market that we're seeing some of this deceleration as you had in the print, so maybe just talk about the volume side a little more.
Raj Subramaniam: 41:04 Sure. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Brie. No, absolutely we are actually seeing very strong volume to add to what Brie just said. The only reason we are seeing a flat volume in the ground segment is because of the economy product we just broke out for you for the first time. And even from a -- the commercial volume is growing strongly and even our HD volume on a very tough year-over-year comp we’re still going on top of that, and International is growing very strong. So, over – the only place we’re not going -- restructuring our international and domestic businesses, but our IP business, our IE business, our export business is very, very strong. So no, the demand for our services continues to be very strong because of the differentiation that we are providing in the marketplace, and we continue to gain market share around the world, so Brie?
Brie Carere: 41:59 Yes, I think Raj kind of outlined it pretty clearly from a volume perspective as we get beyond. I guess the one thing I should add that maybe it wasn't clear in my opening remarks is that we are constraining demand right now. As Mike and Raj talked about the labor, we are doing everything we can to strike that right balance of growth with service. And I will tell you that as we've done that, you can see where we've constrained it. It's the FedEx Economy product, it's the least profitable product, so it's the right place to constrain growth. And we have made sure that we are not constraining growth in our highest profitable segments, small and medium and at the commercial, and you saw those strong commercial numbers that I referenced earlier. So, I would say number one, we're confident in the secular growth opportunity for FedEx; two, we feel we've been gaining share, my last market share report shows that, and then we are having to constrain because of the labor issues, we are doing so in a very disciplined manner.
Operator: 42:59 And next we'll go to Tom Wadewitz from UBS. Your line is open.
Tom Wadewitz: 43:05 Yes, thank you. I Wanted to go back to labor. I mean, it seems like your guide really, in a pretty big way, hinges on that assumption of improving labor availability in the second half. So, I guess just two elements to that. Do you feel like you have much visibility to that improvement and what maybe have you seen that would give you confidence that that's going to happen? And then I guess a component within that if you go into peak, it would seem like if you can't [staff the swords] (ph) ahead of peak, then you have to hire, I don't know your number is fifty thousand people, seventy thousand people that could -- that problem could get worse before it gets better. So, I guess visibility on your labor and being okay during peak as well? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: 43:57 Thank you, Tom. Yes, the number is ninety thousand, and we are well on our way here. Now, we have -- the last two weeks, we have seen pockets of opportunity and positive changes that we hadn't seen in the first quarter, so that uses a little bit of encouragement, and this is a systemic issue, and so yes, we're making some assumptions here in terms of labor availability, but if we staff up for peak, then hopefully in Q3, we will be in good shape. So, we’re making – we’re not making dramatic assumptions here in terms of Q3 and Q4, but we are assuming that Q3 is going to be better than Q2, better than Q1, and the early indication just very early indication is that that's indeed the case. So, I don't know, Mike if you want to add anything to that.
Mike Lenz: 44:51 No, just to reiterate, I broke the labor impact into two pieces. The part that we're assuming that does mitigate as Raj outlined is the impact from the availability. Again, the market wage rate is what it is, and we can assume nothing different than that, and that is what is baked in to the outlook.
Operator: 45:18 And next we'll go to Brian Ossenbeck from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Brian Ossenbeck: 45:24 Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask Brie about the trends in pricing. Obviously, we saw the GRI issue that you talked about briefly. We’ve got some new surcharges in place; fuel is going up. But I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks, there's some availability for people, the largest shippers to get capacity now at current rates. So, maybe you can just instil that -- those two factors, what do you feel about getting price in the market to capture? You are ahead on some of these costs, and then maybe if you can clarify the comments on the larger shippers and generally talk about the surges from a volume perspective? Thank you.
Brie Carere: 46:07 Thanks Brian, good question. To be really clear when we're talking about incremental capacity, one of the key elements of our revenue quality strategy, which has application here in the United States as well as in our intercontinental. As we talked about it, I talked about the six new flights that we launched from an Asia outbound perspective, and that was primarily quite frankly transition from ad hoc to scheduled service to improve reliability, but that allows us to plan and predict and it also allows us to sell differently. As we sold into those flights versus previously a lot of that was kind of catch up in spot rates, we are making sure that we are bringing on customers at current rates, and we are measuring kind of those current rates. So, if a customer had “X” use of our intercontinental lift prior to the last eighteen months, we've contractual terms there. But as we increase the capacity, we give those customers that incremental business, it comes on at a higher rate. 47:05 So, we're really trying to strike the right balance with our customers, give them the predictability that they need and honour our existing contractual terms, as well as, as we expand capacity, give them availability to that capacity at an incremental current market rate, so really trying to strike that right balance. So that's what I was referring to. It's predominantly in the intercontinental side, of course it does have application from a peak perspective. As we brought on new customers this year and we look at our surging customers, they obviously -- those peak surcharges help them get the capacity they need, so they can have a successful peak. I hope that helps answer your question.
Operator: 47:46 And next we'll go to Jordan Alliger from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jordan Alliger: 47:51 Yeah, Hi. Just on the new ground, buckets that you’ve broken out, can you maybe talk a little bit about the three pieces and would you expect going forward roughly similar trend lines with the commercial sort of outpacing everything, but still positive on the home delivery, and as you mentioned the constraining capacity to keep limiting the last piece of the business?
Brie Carere: 48:17 Great question. So, for this fiscal year, as we talked about, inventory levels are at an all-time low, and all of the economic indicators that we're tracking is saying that we're going have a very strong commercial year here in the United States as well as in Europe. And of course, that's also going to drive our intercontinental business. So, for FedEx Ground commercial, we are expecting a strong growth here from a home delivery perspective. I do think that you will see, you know we will see moderate growth for home delivery given the lapping of last year's very, very strong growth. So, I think you're going to see some good home delivery growth, and from an economy perspective this particular quarter you saw the thirty percent year-over-year decline. I do not think you will see that trend continue. John and I are working, and we've got some really great new technology coming to market, a new feature called [sort to due day] (ph), which is going to allow us to really move economy through the FedEx Ground system at a different pace and continue to lower the cost. So, I think you'll see us find a better balance of the economy to home delivery, but directionally commercial will grow the fastest followed by home delivery followed by economy as we think about this fiscal year.
Operator: 49:35 And next we'll go to David Vernon from Bernstein. Your line is open.
David Vernon: 49:40 Hey, good afternoon. Brie, just following up on that sort of growth outlook, you put out some numbers out there around ten percent market growth, I think in residential for the next couple years. Is your expectation that that pricing and the operation will be at a point where you can kind of participate at an above-market growth rate from – once you get past the period of volatility or do you intend to kind of grow the ground business maybe a little bit lower than the overall market as some other competitors add capacity at the lower end of the service spectrum.
Brie Carere: 50:13 That's my favourite question, yes. Our intent, we have the best value proposition in the market. We have the best seven-day transit and coverage in the market. We feel really good about our value proposition. As I mentioned earlier, we are actually right now controlling demand, because we're trying to balance service in the current labor environment. So that is absolutely our intent. The market is growing. We've got a great value proposition. I can't think of a better time to lean in to growth here in the United States.
Operator: 50:51 And we'll take our next question from Todd Fowler from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Todd Fowler: 50:57 Hi, great. Thanks, and good evening. Mike, I understand kind of the thoughts around not being too specific about quarterly guidance, but I do think from a street perspective, kind of the volatility from quarter to quarter can be an issue. So, I just want to make sure, are you seeing that in the second quarter you're expecting a similar eight hundred million dollars magnitude of year-over-year headwinds? And then secondly, when we think sequentially the second quarter, operating income is flat or down a little bit from the first quarter. Is that going to be a similar cadence this year? Are there some other things that we should think about just as we move into the second quarter from a seasonal standpoint? Thanks.
Mike Lenz: 51:35 Sure, Todd. Yes, that's a fair characterization when I said the headwinds would be similar to the eight hundred million, look the pandemic and many other factors impacting our market including the supply chain disruptions, I think you have to kind of take pause in terms of assuming typical seasonality across the board. Yes, there is a degree of that that you will see, but I would say we can't just rely upon that because the dynamics are much more fluid than they were, and that’s why we're trying to outline that as best we can, but we're navigating those changes along the way, but we're very confident what we shared with you.
Operator: 52:29 And next we'll go to Amit Mehrotra from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Amit Mehrotra: 52:35 I just wanted to follow-up on that last question. So, I just want to understand, so you’re obviously entering peak season, higher B2C mix, margin pressure, density pressure, so you typically see a pretty notable step down in ground margins fiscal 1Q to 2Q. Is that the same cadence? I mean because 1Q is obviously pretty low to begin with, just trying to get understanding of that, and just as a high level, do you think ground margins can be up year over year this year? Thanks.
Mike Lenz: 53:08 So Amit, I'm just going to stick with it. We're not giving a margin forecast. What we outlined was that we expect operating profit to be up in all the transportation segments. So, I'm not going to get into giving a specific margin forecast by quarter. And again, the seasonality is we don't think it's value added to kind of get into trying to parse that at a level of precision given the dynamics of the market right now.
Operator: And next we'll go to Helane Becker from Cowen. Your line is open.
Helane Becker: 53:50 Thanks very much, operator. Hi, everybody and thank you for the time. So, we've been actually doing a lot of work as you know in the China area, and you guys have about thirty thousand people employed there. I think it's getting increasingly more difficult to work there. So, can you just talk about how you're thinking longer term about being in that market versus moving more capacity offshore to places like where you have regional sorts like Japan or back to the Philippines? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: 54:27 Thank you Helane for that question. We actually have twelve thousand employees in China. As you know, we have been in business in China since nineteen eighty four, and we have been serving our customers there in this extremely important market. We value our business in China, and we are committed to continuing to improve our value proposition there. Our growth in the market is very strong, and our operations in our hub in Guangzhou is just going smoothly. We also just opened up new air operations from Beijing. So, China remains a very important market for us, and we are very committed to it.
Operator: 55:17 And next we'll go to Jack Atkins from Stephens. Your line is open.
Jack Atkins: 55:22 Okay, great. Thank you for taking my question. I guess just to go back to the CAPEX and return discussion for all, and Mike thank you so much for the additional sort of comments around returns and free cash flow. But I guess when you think about sort of the longer-term targets for the business, you guys have always sort of talked about this double-digit consolidated operating margin. We haven't really come close to it since fiscal year sixteen. 55:49 You raised the CAPEX as a percentage of revenue targets and the proxy several weeks ago. Can you talk about why it makes sense to raise your long-term capital spending plans when the business still isn't achieving the long-term targets you've set for it from a margin perspective? Just help us square those two things. I think that's a vested issue that a lot of people are having trouble justifying.
Mike Lenz: 56:19 Right. Well, Jack, First, let me just say, you brought up about ROIC, and I'll expand a little bit about on the remarks I made earlier there. We're obviously referencing to our WACC when we compare our ROIC, which we put in the seven percent to nine percent range, which I think is consistent with what we see in many of your analyses. But when it comes to the ROIC itself, there are a number of different approaches and methods that practitioners use, so this tends to be variability in the absolute as well as the comparative measurements, but that said we're revisiting the various aspects of that so that we can maybe expand the context around our discussion of the topic, but I will say regardless of how you calculate it, our ROIC does remain above our WACC. 57:12 So, since you asked about the LTI plan, look, I am not going to speak on behalf of the Board, but I will give you some context around partly about what I mentioned two, three months ago. So, again, we had record earnings in fiscal twenty one amidst the unprecedented global pandemic and delivering life-saving vaccines around the world. And we’ve talked about the radical changes in supply chains, customer expectations, and all that, so we did indeed accelerate purposefully some investment opportunities for capacity expansion and of course the replacement of the aircraft I mentioned before. So, as I did specifically say on the June call, the FY twenty two to twenty four LTI plan was eight percent to account for these opportunities, and that target is below our historical capital intensity. Fiscal twenty one was seven percent, but that was the lowest in ten years. So, again, there's absolutely a focus on returns, and I think that we will continue to address your considerations there, and I would also highlight because there was the question earlier about ground and investment there, and we're making returns there. 58:41 And we talked a lot about how we're utilizing our assets differently, more efficiently, vesting in smaller units of capacity. We got the one single hub, but there’s no other hubs on the drawing board if ground can generate a higher ROIC at different margin levels than it did probably eight, nine years ago. So, again, that absolutely factors into how we look at these things.
Operator: 59:16 And next, we'll go to Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi good evening. Brie, I think you had mentioned low-single digit share internationally, certainly unique environment, limited capacity. Can you maybe talk to how you are focused on expanding share, things you're doing there, but more importantly what are you doing to try to retain some of that share you're capturing today, you know once capacity eases at this point?
Brie Carere: Great question. So, a couple of things; number one, when we think about our international business, our largest growth opportunity is Europe. So, when we think about what are we doing to gain share, well first and foremost, we're going to complete the physical integration which is obviously critical, but when I think about Europe there's three lines of business. There's the intra- Europe. We bought TNT, and it has a very comprehensive and very unique value proposition, because it's got the parcel and the freight network intra-Europe to grow our cross-border business and we're very pleased with the momentum there. From an international perspective, late last fiscal year, we expanded our intercontinental value proposition between Europe and the United States. 60:26 We now have ninety percent of businesses in EU 17, have access with the fastest overnight services to the United States. So, we have the leading intercontinental value proposition from Europe to the US. It's a great bundle to sell B2B or commercial customers, sell the intra-Europe as well as the intercontinental. And then thirdly, when I think about Europe, we are absolutely underpenetrated in e-commerce both within Europe as well as from Europe to the United States. And we, as I talked about, have launched the FIC product, which is really a very competitive product. It's got quick transit times and it has very different features of service for last mile, so it allows us to lower our costs to serve because the features on the last mile delivery was a lot more like the ground domestic network. So that's our primary focus from a Europe perspective. I will say we are also underpenetrated between Asia and Europe, and we've got great momentum in that lane, similar metrics. We have sped up our service into Europe from Asia. In addition to that, we are launching the FICP product between those countries, obviously Asia into Europe is a very large e-commerce market. And again, we're underpenetrated there, really pleased with the momentum of our FICP product. 61:30 So, I hope that helps clarify. I also wanted to go back. I just looked at my notes, commercial and home delivery here in the United States, as we think about the rest of the fiscal year are going to be neck and neck from a growth perspective. So, as I talked about commercial growing faster than home delivery, we are going to be pretty darn close as we look at the volume growth this year.
Operator: 62:03 And next, we'll go to Bascome Majors from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Bascome Majors: 62:09 Good afternoon. When I look at the LTL freight business, it seems to be performing much better relative to at least early expectations compared to parcel. Yes, that's still a manual labor intensive business that requires a lot of drivers, line haul, freight handling, and bodies to do that. Can you characterize why you think that you haven't had these labor driven struggles in that part of your business that seem to be plaguing the parcel businesses particularly domestically, any best practices or lessons you can learn and apply elsewhere? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: 62:51 Bascome, this Mike. So, I'll let Raj address more broadly, but just to clarify within that four fifty number of labor impact, there is an impact there for freight in terms of the same considerations that we talked about there. So, I don't want to have the takeaway or imply that the freight team isn't dealing with similar considerations there. 63:13 But, I'll also highlight as I mentioned to Scott early on there that different networks and different transportation businesses can have different characteristics in that. So, Raj, do you want talk about the great things at freight?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, we are extremely proud of the FedEx freight team, and they are also leading with exactly the same set of challenges, and but we have -- the team has done a fantastic job of managing through our revenue quality and operational efficiency despite these challenging circumstances, and we know it's an obviously very, very key part of our portfolio. Having said that, twenty million packages on the ground network per day or the ground US domestic parcel network is a very different – very different set of challenges than dealing with a much smaller set of shipments that go through the freight system. So, your point about sharing best practices and making sure that we do the right thing across our operating companies, that goes on every single day, and we operate collaboratively is a big mantra at FedEx now, and we are definitely doing that. So again, I'm very, very proud of what the freight team has done here.
Operator: 64:30 And next we'll go to Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Duane Pfennigwerth: 64:37 Hey, thanks. So, just on the two hundred million wage pressure in the two fifty million in inefficiencies that that triggered, but just to dive a little deeper there, was this a turnover issue or an investment for growth issue? Are people leaving at a faster rate or are you struggling to staff to grow? And if it's the latter, given the environment, why grow?
Mike Lenz: So, I think if I understand the question, it is a staffing availability issue on the two fifty million piece of it. For the two hundred million, it's the rate. So, just to reiterate that, and like I said, we fully expect and are beginning to see some improvement in the availability but should not – should plan to not proceed as we fully expect. And like I said earlier, we would need to obviously reassess the pace of implementing the initiatives there, but the opportunity remains nonetheless. We just need to be mindful of the overall environment.
Raj Subramaniam: 65:51 Yes, and I would just add one line to that is, if that were to happen, then there’s obviously much broader implications that’s way beyond FedEx.
Operator: 66:03 And now, I'd like to turn it back to Mickey Foster for closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: 66:09 Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much. Bye.
Operator: 66:26 And it does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-06-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. The fourth quarter earnings release and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman and CEO; Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Mike Lenz, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive VP, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Brie Carere, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer and Communication Officer; Jill Brannon, Executive VP and Chief Sales Officer; Don Colleran, President and CEO of FedEx Express; John Smith, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; Henry Maier, Former President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Lance Moll, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter and year.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Fiscal 2021 was truly unprecedented, and we are enormously proud of our 570,000 team members who performed magnificently to keep global healthcare, industrial and at-home supply chains open and, more recently, allowed significant additional commerce to flow. The FedEx team’s role in moving PPE, vaccines and international release shipments has been perhaps this Company’s finest hour. Our financial results speak for themselves. Raj and Mike will have more to say about the numbers, of course. Our pride in the FedEx team and our performance for shareholders is greatly tempered, however, by our continuing grief over the 15th April senseless murder at a FedEx Ground facility in Indianapolis of eight FedEx team members. Lingering sorrow among their families, friends and colleagues throughout FedEx can never be erased. Raj will also comment on this tragedy in a moment. The strategies we’ve executed over the last several years were carefully developed and have been executed at a high level with great success overall. As we’ve mentioned previously, the pandemic simply brought many of the market trends, which informed our strategies forward. Brie will be more specific about these trends in a moment. As reported, FedEx revenues for FY 2021 were $84 billion, and we project FY 2022 revenues over $90 billion. We believe FedEx margins will continue to improve this fiscal year. However, as Raj will cover momentarily, the labor market in the U.S. over the last several months has been quite challenging, adversely affecting hiring and leading to significant reengineering of parts of our networks to deal with the lack of these resources. And while the situation has begun to abate, delivering a successful peak season when we anticipate significant year-over-year volume increases will require additional flexibility and creativity on the part of our management, staff and frontline team members while maintaining our Safety Above All culture. To handle future ground volumes, we are significantly increasing capacity to deliver both, great service and improved financial results. This summer, we are intently focused on improving network and delivery operations prior to the volume surge in the fall. There’s great focus on revenue quality at FedEx. However, our focus solely on yields does not give a complete picture of our profit upside. As Brie will explain, our alliances with retailer partners generate significant amounts of short-haul traffic, much of which is now shipped from stores. Our Innovate Digitally initiatives are gaining steam, particularly Surround and SenseAware. Let me thank Henry Maier for more than 34 years of loyal and dedicated service to FedEx and RPS, which we acquired in 1998. At the conclusion of this call, I’ll have additional comments about Henry’s remarkable career and countless contributions to FedEx’s growth and success. A further note, the Biden administration has recognized an exceptional talent, and our Board member, John Chris Inglis, who was confirmed by the Senate last week, to serve as the National Cyber Director. We benefited from Chris’ cybersecurity and information technology expertise since he joined our Board in 2015, and we wish him well in the hugely important role for which he has been tapped. Now Raj, Brie and Mike will give their remarks, after which we will answer your questions. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Fred, and good afternoon, everyone. As Fred stated, we continue to moan the tragic loss of eight team members killed at FedEx ground facilities in Indianapolis on April the 15th. Let me take a moment to remember each team member we lost that day: Matthew R. Alexander; Samaria Blackwell; Amarjeet Johal; Jasvinder Kaur; Amarjit Sekhon; Jaswinder Singh; Karli Smith; and John Weisert. Our most heartfelt sympathies and condolences remain with the families, team members and friends of these individuals. They will forever be members of the FedEx family. Now turning to our results. Fiscal year 2021 was a pivotal year for FedEx as we delivered incredible financial performance, including record revenue and profit in Q4 and for the full fiscal year. This is a no short measure due to the outstanding work by our global team members. Let me take this opportunity to say thank you to the FedEx team, especially those on the front lines, for going above and beyond the call of duty in these difficult times. When I look back at fiscal year 2021, I’m proud of the role FedEx played in saving lives, helping small and medium businesses get back on their feet and keeping the globe connected. The exceptional financial performance was driven by our robust growth strategy and focused execution on three key areas: e-commerce, operational excellence and digital innovation. Let me take a moment to highlight each strategic focus area and the progress made in Q4. Firstly, e-commerce. The acceleration of trends experienced in fiscal year 2021 highlight the importance of our ongoing strategic initiatives to win globally in e-commerce. This includes FedEx Ground seven-day operations, investing in technology to optimize last-mile deliveries, expanding capabilities to better handle large items, offering the first FedEx branded through-the-door service with FedEx Freight Direct and accelerating the expansion of our retail convenience network. Ground’s full seven-day operations, including weekend residential delivery coverage that reaches 98% of the U.S. population on Saturdays and 95% on Sundays, give us a distinct competitive advantage. We are working very closely with customers to leverage the full flexibility of weekend operations, so they can meet the demands of e-commerce every day of the week. This is evident in the growth we saw in Ground Sunday deliveries with 56% more packages delivered on Sunday in Q4 than last year. We are also winning in e-commerce outside the United States by leveraging the strength of our global networks and the expansion of our portfolio. Brie will cover additional details in this regard shortly. The second strategic focus area is operational excellence. Our competitive advantage in the marketplace is fueled by a relentless focus on operational excellence and customer service. While service is a hallmark of FedEx, like many businesses, we are facing challenges with labor availability, which have contributed to recent service levels that do not meet our own high expectations of the quality we expect to deliver to our customers. The inability to hire team members, particularly package handlers, has driven wage rates higher and create inefficiency in our networks as we use over time to cover open shifts and route volume around known constraints just as a few examples. As such, we’re taking bold actions across the business to address service issues and prepare for sustained volume increases, including continued investments in people, capacity and technology to optimize our networks. FedEx Ground’s strategic focus on efficiency continued to reap benefits in Q4, as seen in our ongoing improvements in density. These improvements are driven in part by both, B2B and B2C volume growth as well as enhancements in route optimization technology, which drove up the average number of stops the service providers made per hour by 3.6% versus Q4 of the previous fiscal year. Along with the revised service provider e-commerce rate structure, these efficiencies contributed to a 3% reduction in cost per stop compared to the same quarter last year. Further collaboration to improve efficiency continued across our businesses as we expanded our last-mile optimization program. In addition, FedEx Freight provided approximately 70 million line-haul miles and delivered 1.75 million packages for Ground in fiscal year 2021. Another significant opportunity in further enhancing our operational excellence is the improvement in the profitability of our international operations, which starts in Europe with the completion of the physical integration of TNT. While the TNT integration has seen its share of setbacks including a 2017 cyber attack and the delays due to the pandemic, we are certain of the value this combination creates for the FedEx of the future. The European restructuring announced in January 2021 is set to deliver $275 million to $350 million in benefits on an annual basis, starting in fiscal 2024. The cost of the severance benefits under this program, which will be incurred through fiscal 2023 will be in the range from $300 million to $575 million in cash expenditures. In Q4, we introduced overnight service from Europe, connecting 90% of European businesses to major U.S. markets. It’s an unparalleled next day connectivity that nobody in the marketplace matches. As you can see, we continue to enhance value for our customers, while restructuring our European business. Said simply, the upside in the profitability of our international business is tremendous. Finally, our third strategic focus area, digital innovation. We are reimagining our digital capabilities and infrastructure in a manner that will deliver market-leading customer experiences that are simple, personal and proactive. We made great strides in fiscal 2021 as we continue to drive new value through strategic technologies, including, increasing capabilities and products through sensor-based technologies like FedEx SenseAware ID and FedEx Surround, which provide unmatched visibility and predictive capabilities, most notably seen during the transportation of life-saving COVID-19 vaccines. Building of ShopRunner integration and Adobe Magento extension to enable a more open e-commerce ecosystem, and furthering development of our portfolio of services in the autonomous vehicles space, as illustrated with ongoing Roxo testing in this month’s announcement of testing with Nuro. In Fiscal 2022, we’ll continue to deliver on our strategy on e-commerce operational excellence and digital innovation, as we execute on the following key initiatives. First, we expect to substantially increase capacity for this peek by investing in FedEx Ground’s infrastructure, with the addition of 16 new automated facilities and the implementation of nearly 100 expansion projects at existing operations and key technological enhancements. Second, we will complete the air network integration in early calendar year 2022, which will bring the physical TNT network integration to a close and provides the inflection point for long-term profit improvement in Europe. Next, we’re exercising existing options to purchase 20 additional 767Fs, 10 for delivery in fiscal year 2024 and 10 for delivery in fiscal year 2025, as we continue to modernize our fleet and improve service to our customers. And we finally continue to identify areas to adapt, collaborate and utilize different elements of our global network to increase efficiency and reduce cost to serve. Our networks and capabilities reflect decades of investment, innovation and expertise that are differentiated from our competition. It’s incredibly difficult to replicate and provides a significant advantage over others in our industry. When we net it all back together, despite some of the cyclical factors, we remain very confident for fiscal year 2022 and beyond. The e-commerce market will continue to be a growth engine globally. And if anything has become clear over the past year, it’s the contribution of our industry provides to the e-commerce value chain. We remain focused on differentiation, building customer solutions and improving revenue quality as critical long-term levers of profitable growth. In addition, the transformation efforts in Europe and U.S. domestic will generate margin improvement opportunities. And finally, we’re just getting started on unlocking value with digital innovation. Our robust growth strategy positions FedEx to deliver superior, sustainable financial returns and drive shareholder value for years to come. With that, I will turn it over to Brie.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj. Good afternoon, everyone. In a year of extraordinary challenges and change for our business, I continue to be immensely proud of the team’s ability to execute our commercial strategy while developing solutions to help our customers grow their businesses. Before I move into fiscal year 2022, I wanted to reflect on our truly exceptional results of 2021. Fiscal year 2021 parcel volume was very strong across our portfolio of e-commerce solutions. Average daily volume grew across all our customer segments, with U.S. small and medium leading the way of 32% year-over-year growth. E-commerce also drove 28% year-over-year growth in our returns business through April. As more consumers shopped online, enrolled FedEx delivery manager users grew by 43% year-over-year. With this backdrop and the momentum from fiscal 2021, our fiscal 2022 outlook calls for robust growth. Enterprise growth in fiscal year 2022 will be primarily driven by U.S. domestic e-commerce growth, followed by strength in B2B and international and a focus on revenue quality. In the United States, the flourishing U.S. domestic parcel market will continue to provide opportunity in the coming years. The U.S. domestic parcel market is expected to surpass 107 million packages a day in calendar year 2022, with e-commerce contributing 88% of total U.S. market growth. Excluding Amazon volume, the U.S. domestic parcel market is expected to be 72 million packages a day in calendar year 2022. As we look beyond calendar year 2022, we forecast that the U.S. domestic parcel market will reach 172 million packages a day in calendar year 2026. In fiscal year 2021, FedEx total U.S. domestic residential package volume mix was 67% versus 62% a year ago. As we look beyond this fiscal year, we expect residential volumes to grow significantly faster than commercial volume. However, with retail inventories relative to sales at historic lows, we expect solid B2B volume growth this fiscal year. In fiscal year 2022, we will continue to execute against our revenue quality strategy. In fiscal year 2021 Q4, we increased FedEx Ground economy yields by 28%, and overall, U.S. domestic residential yields by 16% year-over-year. It is important to note when reviewing composite U.S. domestic yields that weights and zone will decrease, putting pressure on yields as we grow in e-commerce. We are managing total network profitability. Short zone e-commerce and our FedEx Ground economy service will enable us to sweat our assets and maximize sortation capacity. Within our pricing strategy, we continue to prioritize capacity for commercial, and small and medium customer segments. To support the network amid ongoing capacity constraints, we have increased our peak surcharges as of June 21st, and will monitor and adjust our strategy as capacity and demand warrant. We will continue to confidently renegotiate our large customer segment contracts to increase profitability. This means balancing product, day of week and lane mix at the customer level while ensuring appropriate surcharges and rate increases cover rising labor costs. Most large customer contracts in the U.S. are three years. Almost half of our total large segment volume had pricing agreement implementations in the past 12 months, leaving upside for fiscal year 2022. Now turning to international. Global trade volume has surpassed pre-pandemic levels and is on course for its fastest year of growth in over a decade. Global air cargo capacity remained down 10% year-over-year as of April, mainly due to the reduction in passenger value capacity. We expect air cargo capacity to remain constrained through at least the first half of calendar year 2022. Recovery will be slow, potentially episodic, and a full recovery is not anticipated until 2024. We believe a favorable pricing internationally should continue through fiscal year 2022. We will continue to manage demand internationally, using yield management and continuation of peak surcharges, especially on transpacific and transatlantic lanes. We are seeing a very good capture rate on these surcharges. While peak surcharges played a significant role in our international performance in fiscal year 2021, it was not the majority of our revenue growth. In fiscal 2021, we improved parcel and priority mix versus freight and economy, grew our small and medium customer base while penetrating e-commerce. In fact, we grew e-commerce parcel volume by more than $1 billion year-over-year out of Asia and Europe. To a large extent, due to its lightweight nature and limited relative line-haul capacity requirements, we were able to price e-commerce very competitively. I believe this e-commerce volume as a result is quite sticky. That being said, we continue to refine our commercial and network strategies to be prepared for when commercial capacity does come back. Overall demand for exports from Asia has recovered to pre-COVID levels. In fiscal year 2022, our network plans include six intercontinental daily frequencies from Asia to provide more consistent, predictable capacity based on our demand forecast. This will eliminate some of the ad hoc nature of our flights in fiscal year 2021. Intra-European B2B volumes have recovered to pre-COVID levels. While our growth is further accelerated by significant B2C volumes on our intercontinental lanes. With reduced pandemic-related uncertainty and industrial activity on the rise, we expect the overall European economy to be back to pre-pandemic levels in late calendar year 2021. Raj covered our new European value proposition. Customers are very interested in both, our new Europe to U.S. overnight service and e-commerce product expansion. On the Europe to U.S. lane, we have strong demand with a healthy mix of small and large businesses. We have deployed incremental capacity to serve this high-yielding segment. Our e-commerce value proposition, anchored by our new FedEx International Connect Plus product, is very compelling. We continue to gain new customers and have a very robust sales pipeline. In summary, we had a stellar fiscal year 2021, and the strategies we have in place will help us to win what’s next in 2022 and well beyond. With that, I’ll turn it over to Mike for his remarks.
Mike Lenz: Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everyone. Our fourth quarter and fiscal 2021 results reflect the tremendous momentum in our business and reinforce our growth strategy and investments across our network to grow our capabilities, improve collaboration and drive efficiency. Our full year results include over $1 billion in variable incentive compensation expense as we reward our team members for their invaluable contributions. In the fourth quarter, FedEx continued to drive higher profitability with increased margins across the board. Consolidated revenue grew 30% year-over-year in the quarter, while adjusted operating income was up 117% even with higher cost to support increased demand, increased variable compensation expense of $380 million and our previously announced $100 million contribution to Yale University to support our carbon neutrality goals. Drilling down into those numbers, the rise in U.S. parcel volume was the greatest driver of our revenue growth. And through the incredibly hard work and ingenuity of our team members, we took a significant portion of that revenue growth to the bottom line. Ground revenue grew 27% in the fourth quarter, with operating margin increasing 310 basis points to 13.6%. Ground substantially improved margins and earned the most operating profit in their history. As our international business and e-commerce in the U.S. continued to grow, Express revenue grew 32% over Q4 last year, with adjusted operating margin up 340 basis points. Freight blew out this quarter with 38% revenue growth and their highest quarterly operating margin ever at 16.1%. They also topped $1 billion in operating income for the full year for the first time. With our overall profit growth, we generated a record $4.6 billion in adjusted free cash flow while balancing continued investment in the business, funding our pension plans by $300 million and strengthening our balance sheet. During the fourth quarter, we executed a debt refinancing and extinguishment transaction, underscoring our focus on reducing our financial leverage. In the fourth quarter, we reduced our outstanding debt by $2.6 billion or 11% of the total outstanding liability, eliminating all debt maturities through FY25 and one in FY27. This transaction resulted in a $393 million charge in Q4. However, it will lower our interest cost over the next three years with a positive payback on the transaction. In FY22, we will continue to drive a robust growth strategy, capitalizing on global economic recovery and e-commerce. This focus will flex all levers of our business, including volume growth, yield management, operational efficiency and network optimization. The FY22 adjusted EPS range we provided corresponds to 13% to 18% year-over-year growth on top of record FY21 earnings. I’d make the following highlights behind that. We expect margins in all our transportation segments on an adjusted basis to exceed FY21 levels, driven by several key areas. We expect e-commerce to continue to drive higher profitability, and we will continue to invest in our FedEx Ground network to improve efficiency and utilization through expanded and new facilities as well as technology enhancements. We also look forward to incremental benefit from the completion of our physical integration of TNT, which will enable us to offer more and better services to our customers internationally. This key milestone will continue to drive momentum and provide a launch point for even better profitability down the road. Integration expenses will be lower in FY22 than in FY21, and total integration spending is expected to be $1.8 billion, slightly higher than our previous estimate due to additional opportunities identified to further optimize legal entity structures and improve back-office automation. We expect continued improvement at FedEx Freight through our ongoing revenue quality and profitable growth strategies. Our outlook includes substantial funding of our incentive compensation programs for our team members. That said, variable compensation expense is not expected to be a headwind for fiscal 2022. While we have clear growth opportunities, the widespread labor shortages impacting many companies and industries across the U.S. is also impacting us through higher wage rates and lower productivity, particularly in the first quarter, and this is reflected in our overall outlook for the year. Earlier, Raj talked about our Innovate Digitally initiatives. The spending related to these important projects is included in our outlook and will largely be recorded in the corporate, eliminations and other section of our P&L. Further, we estimate a higher effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 of approximately 24% prior to the mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustments. Finally, I will address our capital allocation, starting with capital expenditures, which is expected to be $7.2 billion in FY 2022. This projects to 8% or less of revenue, which is the target level for the CapEx to revenue component of our FY22 to 2024 long-term incentive plan and remains below our historical capital intensity. Approximately half of our expected capital spending this year will be for growth with the remainder for important projects like replacement of our aging FedEx Express aircraft, which not only is expected to have a high financial return, but is an important part of our strategy to reduce our carbon footprint. We’ll also continue to invest in the modernization of our key Express hubs and upgrades to other facilities in all our transportation networks to drive efficiency. We will increase replacement of vehicles across the enterprise, which we largely deferred in FY21. We will add safer, more energy-efficient equipment. All these projects will yield benefits in the near term and long term. We ended fiscal 2021 with $7.1 billion in cash. And as such, our leadership team is laser-focused on enhanced capital allocation opportunities, including our 15% dividend increase for fiscal 2022, which raised the dividend to $3 per share, as we announced on June 14th. Next, our plan to restart our stock buyback program during the first quarter, which we can do without having to increase leverage and our focus primarily to offset dilutive effects of our equity compensation programs, and our plan to voluntarily contribute $500 million in FY22 to our pension plan, which was funded at 95% on May 31st. In closing, we are adding shareholder value by driving profitable revenue growth, expanding margins, generating strong free cash flow, focusing capital spending into the greatest areas of return, strengthening our balance sheet and improving cash return to shareholders. Based on record fourth quarter results we just covered and the future strategies we have in place, I can say with confidence that we fully expect FedEx to continue delivering sustainable and superior financial returns in the future. Next, we will be happy to address your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first, we will go to Brian Ossenbeck from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey. Good afternoon. Thank you for taking the questions. Mike, I wanted to see if you could give some color as it relates to the Ground margins in the guidance. Obviously, some considerable operating leverage here in terms of incrementals year-over-year. You’ve talked about the right store, the right package, the right trucks, but clearly, there is some inflation working its way through the system. So, can we think about double digits on the way to teens, or would you guide us to something a little bit less than that considering what you’re outlining on inflation side, which does seem to be a little bit front-end loaded? So, maybe if you can address that and also about the surcharges that you might be able to install to offset some of those costs. Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Well, Brian, I’ll kind of hit the first part and just reiterate a few things we’ve said and maybe try to tie it together in a different way. But, as we’ve said, the pandemic accelerated the dramatic and rapid shift in the growth of e-commerce, and at the same time, as you noted there, put some pressure in areas along the way as well, which is really why the performance at Ground in 2021 has been nothing short of stellar. ADV increased an astounding 23%, driven by e-commerce and we still improved margins. So, Brie highlighted that U.S. domestic parcel growth will continue to be the primary -- primarily driven by e-commerce, and we’re very confident in our strategy to profitably execute against that. So, we expect margins to improve in 2022 and beyond as we continue to increase density, further improve the facility and on-road productivity, enhance the utilization of our assets. And I kind of emphasize those aspects as Ground is generating exceptional ROIC margins. And so, we remain very confident of the future opportunity, and we’ll continue to innovate and differentiate the capabilities there. There was something about surcharges that you asked as well, maybe you can clarify that.
Brian Ossenbeck: Yes, right. Earlier this week, we saw your main competitor announced some surcharges for peak season that were instituted earlier than last year, and they’re also a bit higher. So, with the inflation you’re talking about with the capacity in the system, maybe you can address that as well and what you assumed in this guidance here.
Brie Carere: Thanks, Brian. It’s Brie speaking. From a structural pricing perspective, we believe that peak surcharges are kind of a new normal and that we have to align our pricing to our costs. I think I’ve covered that in previous calls that we do anticipate every peak that there will be e-commerce surcharges. As we -- right now, we already have peak surcharges in market, and we continue to evaluate changes that we need to make based on demand and capacity. We implemented some changes on June 11, and we continue to monitor the environment.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Bascome Majors from Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Bascome Majors: Good afternoon, and thank you for taking my questions. It’s pretty clear that we’re in one of the best trade-up scenarios we’ve seen from logistics customers with all of your higher-yielding, higher-priority products doing exceptionally well in this environment. Can you talk a little bit about - more about how you protect that profitability from both mix and pricing when -- whenever the inevitable, partial being reversion to a more stable and sustainable demand and priority environment comes?
Brie Carere: Sure, happy to take the question. I think we have to separate it between the domestic market and the international market. Here in the U.S., you heard me quote some just outstanding growth numbers from a parcel perspective. So, we think we actually have quite a sustained growth environment, while demand will outpace capacity in the domestic market. Structurally, as I mentioned, we will continue to use surcharges, not only for peak, but to cover large package and to really just make sure that our pricing, quite frankly, aligns to our cost. We think we have the very best value proposition in the market, full stop. We have the best weekend coverage. And so, as a result, we think the demand that we are planning for will be there for quite some time here domestically. On the international side, it’s a little bit of a different story and far more complex. We do believe, as I mentioned, that commercial capacity will come back. Episodically, it will not be a straight line up than we actually have, we believe, until 2024. The longer it takes for commercial capacity to come back, quite frankly, the longer we have to make sure that this customer base is sticky. I pointed out in my opening remarks that we had $1 billion growth in e-commerce. We priced this e-commerce volume at future price. It is going to be very sticky. It was very competitively priced. So, we don’t believe there’s any risk there in our small business growth, we’ve also had internationally. We also believe that volume is very sticky. So, as commercial capacity comes back, we’ll adjust the network. We’ll bend the cost curve to offset some of the surcharge risk. But overall, we feel quite good about the strategies, and we have some time to implement them.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Helane Becker from Cowen. Your line is open.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, everybody. Thank you for the time. So, I have two questions. My first question is, given the labor shortages that we’re seeing and the expectation that it’s likely to continue, is this a good time to pivot aggressively into more -- the use of more robotics and accelerate the implementation of automation and so on?
Mike Lenz: Well, Helane, this is Mike. I’ll just highlight that within that CapEx projection, a good amount of that is to enhance the efficiency of the facilities, which is what exactly aspect you’re hitting on. I’ll give it to Raj to talk more broadly about the broader point you raised.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, I think the point that I want to make here is that the labor environment remains challenged right now. And we are doing everything we can possibly do, whether it is from wages, from technology, from routing and all things associated with it to make sure that we can get our service improved. We expect that over the next two, three months, that situation gets better and that we get ready for peak. And, of course, we are considering longer-term opportunities that Mike talked about in terms of technology as well. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Ravi Shanker from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. For me one. Can you give us a little bit of color on what the two halves of fiscal 2022 look like, first half versus the second half, given that you probably have a little bit, I’d say, pandemic conditions continuing through the next couple of quarters, but then some of the comps start getting a little bit harder in the back half of the fiscal year?
Mike Lenz: Yes. Ravi, look, we’re giving our best middle of the fairway estimate of what we think the year looks like. As you highlight, there’s any number of moving parts. So, I don’t want to try and parse various elements along the way there. But certainly, the recognition that the first quarter here with the labor challenges and the productivity impacts as well as, keep in mind, we are continuing to still have to make accommodations in the Express air network as well for layover requirements and that. So, there’s a number of related aspects there. So, I’ll leave it at that in terms of what’s at play here.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to David Vernon from Bernstein.
David Vernon: So, Mike, maybe just to follow up a little bit on that. Is there a way to dimension [Technical Difficulty] or in overall sort of like cost impact, both the productivity and the wage impact from the inflation that you’re seeing in the marketplace and the difficulty in getting sortation kind of labor into the network? I’m just trying to -- anything you can give us that would help us to further kind of dimension how big of a headwind that would be, would be extremely helpful.
Mike Lenz: Well, I wish we could break it down into these simple buckets. But when -- to amplify what Raj mentioned earlier, when you don’t have the people -- as many people as you would optimally staff the facility with, then, of course, your throughput is lower, and then maybe you’re not getting the density within trailers in that that you might otherwise expect. So, then, you’re getting incremental cost there, in terms of running the network, the line haul in that. So, it’s not as simple as saying, okay, we’re X head short, and that’s impacting us this way and wage rate is Y percent of it. It’s a iterative, ongoing exercise we have to adapt, adjust and configure around that. So, that’s how we’re managing it.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to David Campbell from Thompson Davis & Company.
David Campbell: I was just curious you know UPS sold their LTL division to a Canadian company a few months ago. Is that expected to have any impact on your marketing or your share of the market in the LTL business?
Mike Lenz: Well, David, first, this is Mike. Let me just say, our commitment and value of our Freight business, given the results that I just spoke to, is absolute. So, I’ll let Brie address what we think how the market evolves going forward.
Brie Carere: Well, honestly, this doesn’t impact our Freight strategy. We are the market share leader because we have the best value proposition. We have had just a stellar year with the Freight team. They have done a tremendous job managing despite the tumultuous year we have. And while they did that, they introduced a new product that is growing rapidly. And in addition to growing our share with small customers, we intend to grow our share with the -- across threshold, FedEx Freight Direct product, and grow our residential share. So, we are tremendously excited about our FedEx Freight division, and we’re going to just stay the course.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: On the labor topic, and also this does tie into Freight as well, Mike, you mentioned that it looks like it’s largely affecting first quarter. You mentioned you adjusted the guidance for the first quarter. I’m curious on your confidence of I think much of the country is hopeful that this labor dynamic ends at the end of the summer. But just curious how conservative you were or maybe a little bit more color about how you’re considering it and if you hope to get whole by, say, end of first quarter? And then, the follow-up question but thematically the same is, in Freight, you had some customer suspension, and it looks like that’s largely alleviated, but could you put a little bit more color on what occurred and your comfort that that’s back in a good situation?
Mike Lenz: Okay. Scott, I’ll kind of take a swing at the first part, and then I’ll give it to Lance, our CEO of Freight, for the second part. I mean, look, it’s not a unique phenomenon that we’re experiencing. It’s the -- all the aspects we highlighted. It’s in the -- obviously, it impacts the first quarter the most. And the general expectations that everyone has is that this will mitigate as we moved into the fall and the markets return to more normalized conditions. So look, we’re at it every day, but there’s no unique consideration there beyond just -- you see a lot of people suggesting come September, October that we’ll have a more expanded workforce. Lance?
Lance Moll: Thanks, Mike. Well, since Freight hardly ever gets any questions, I want to take this opportunity to add to Brie’s comments and recognize our team for an exceptional year. They successfully battled through what has been the most challenging year I have ever seen in my almost 30 years in this business, and I grew up in it. So, I want to recognize all of the points they put on the Board. Now, I’m sure you all have read the multiple articles written over the last several months about the tightening in the trucking industry, and it starts with the truckload sector. They are 5 times the size of the LTL divisions. And when they get full, the spillover comes into LTL. We use the large LTL carrier, get the majority of it. And so, when you have it combined with what the broad actions our competitors have taken to embargo entire sections of the country without any notice, impacting all customers, we decided to take an implemented temporary targeted volume control to drive and minimize the network disruptions and balance capacity to avoid the backlogs across the entire country. So with record growth has come some tough but necessary decisions to protect our employees, reduce our backlogs and staff to our business volume. This continues to be the driving force behind our business decisions. Now, in hindsight, I would not have wanted to make a decision back in the quarter like this, and we’re taking measures to avoid it going forward. I hope that provided the transparency.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Tom Wadewitz from UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Brie, you commented -- you provided some comments on a pretty optimistic view on tightness in the domestic market. I think the sense that tightness is going to continue. How do we think about the approach to pricing? I mean, you’ve had tremendous momentum in pricing, I think was at 14% rise in revenue per piece in ground. How do you think about the pricing dynamic the next couple of years? Would we expect continued kind of stronger than normal pricing gains in Express and Ground? And is it fair to view that as a pretty important driver of margin expansion that you would expect to continue as we look at the domestic package businesses?
Brie Carere: Absolutely. As we look at 2022 and 2023, we absolutely think that you’re going to see a greater than our historical average from a year-over-year price increase. As I mentioned this past year, when we look at our domestic volume, we repriced about 45% of our large customer segment. And quite frankly, we actually did most of that in the back half of this year. So, we’re going to have some lapping. You’re going to get benefits of those new renegotiations in the back half of this fiscal year. We’re going to get them in the front half of 2022. In addition, we still have to reprice the rest of the large customer segment. And really importantly, as Fred mentioned, it’s not just about the top line yield. It’s about really making sure that our price matches our cost. And we’re getting very, very focused on that, very disciplined, making sure that customers that have large package, they have the right surcharges, the right structure there, those that have the highest peaking factor really pay for the incremental labor at peak. And so, it’s not just about the top line, which I am -- I want to be clear, I’m optimistic about, but it’s really about aligning our price strategy with our cost, and we do think that that is going to have tremendous momentum next year and quite frankly the year after as well.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Chris Wetherbee from Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Maybe I could just follow up on that point. So with the tightness in the market, and it seems -- and maybe you can correct me if I’m wrong, it seems that you and your major competitor are the biggest influences on capacity in the market. And if you can sort of meter that capacity out over the course of the next couple of years, it should support sort of a relatively robust pricing environment, certainly above cost inflation as we go out into the out year. So, I guess what would sort of take away from that potential opportunity to bring those domestic margins back up to maybe where we had seen them a couple of years ago? Is there some other impediment that we’re thinking about, or is this really just a dynamic of trying to match capacity with the volume growth that you outlined that is fairly robust and maintain just a very, very good pricing environment for the foreseeable future?
Mike Lenz: Yes. Chris, let me just highlight one aspect when we talk about capacity, too. The CapEx growth at Ground is focused on smaller units than kind of going back the historical legacy large hubs. We have one opening, but it’s targeted to efficiently and effectively execute on a lot of this growing shorter zone demand. And so, that’s why when we talk about having the right targeted investments to align the cost with the -- where demand is going, that’s how we’re thinking about it. And then, of course, there has to be matched on the pricing side, which as Brie has covered, I think, pretty comprehensively. So again, it’s an integrated planning process and assessment here. Look, the finance team is part of the discussions and assessments that go on in that as well. So, it’s a very integrated with operations, finance, sales, pricing and marketing. So, the team really has a collective focus.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Jack Atkins from Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Maybe a longer-term question for either Raj or Mike. But, in the past, we found a very high correlation between return on invested capital and a stock to valuation multiple within the transportation sector. At its Analyst Day earlier this month, UPS laid out a plan to get its return on invested capital up to 26% to 29% versus about 20% today. Your LTM return on invested capital is between 7% and 8%. So, Mike, what do you think is a realistic target for ROIC for FedEx would you look out over the next three years?
Mike Lenz: Jack, I’m not going to go put out any sort of targets or guidance beyond what we’ve gone with today, but I will reiterate that the investments that we’re making, we’re highly confident we’ll generate a high return on invested capital. And I alluded to the fact that we continue to expect to see margins grow in all the business segments. So, that’s what we have to do to continue to get that to where we want to keep seeing it -- the trajectory. So, I think that’s where we’ll leave that one.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Amit Mehrotra from Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: Brie, I just wanted to see if you could talk about the recontracting process for enterprise customers. I know you mentioned they come up every three years. Does the Company have an ability to kind of change pricing inter period with 60 or 90 days notice, or is this just really at the end of the contract period? And then separately, Henry, can you just share -- I don’t know -- sorry, if I missed it, but just the B2B and B2C mix, where B2B is today relative to where it was pre-COVID, just to give us some runway on some of the density benefits you’ll get as B2B continues to recover. Thank you.
Brie Carere: So, from an enterprise contract perspective, each contract is very-nuanced. We have opened some contracts out of cycle when the customer has looked for increased demand. And so, of course, when they want to do something different than what has kind of been our historical average with them, of course, we’re going to have those conversations. I think it’s really important. Yes, we want to grow our price; yes, we want to grow our yield, but we also want to have really happy, satisfied customers. And so, we’re trying to strike that right balance. And so, some customers, yes, they did require changes in their portfolio, a change in mix to meet their business need because many of them saw explosive growth, especially in our retail segment and, of course, in our health care. So, of course, as required, we do reopen account and have those conversations every Thursday morning, as Mike mentioned, Mike and Jill and I get together, and we review what’s necessary to run the business. So, I’m very pleased that the team has been incredibly agile. I think the second half of the question was about B2B and B2C. So, I think the answer from a domestic perspective is we are going to continue to make Express more express. We’re going to lean into commercial. We’re going to lean into premium. And health care, we’re very optimistic about our last-mile optimization strategy, which will allow us to continue to put some residential business into the Ground network. When we -- and I guess the other thing that I can share is that if you look in May of this past year, it was our highest absolute commercial volume in the domestic network since September 2019. So we’re very confident about the return of our commercial business here in the United States. However, as I mentioned, 90% of the market growth will be e-commerce. And so, there will be no settling of the B2C volume within the Ground network. We’re going to continue to drive that growth. We’re going to lean into it, grow yield. And as Mike mentioned, our goal is to grow the margin while we do that. So very, very, quite frankly excited to lean into the e-commerce growth for FedEx Ground.
Mike Lenz: This is Mike. I should add one thing for those of you that are asking about the sequencing or trajectory through the year. As a reminder, I mentioned that we accrued $380 million of variable compensation expense in Q4. And so, if you add up the prior Qs, and that gets you to $1 billion or so for the year. So Q1, we were not accruing as much as last year understandably amidst the uncertainty. So just kind of keep that in mind as you think about modeling through.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Ken Hoexter from Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: So, in the outlook, you talked a lot about Ground, but what about Express? So, if we normalize for the $100 million donation, the rebound of FedEx Europe with the TNT integration, the aircraft efficiency, what’s the time frame to get back to double-digit Express, maybe detail the progress at TNT as well? And then, just an update within that, the blending of Express into the Ground network, both on the package and facility side?
Mike Lenz: Well, I’ll -- there’s been a number of milestones on the TNT. We had the road network. We completed that milestone, and that helped facilitate the enhanced commercial proposition that was highlighted. And again, the air network is another key enhancement, and that comes toward the end of this fiscal year. So, there’s value coming this year, more to come. And then, as we highlighted with the business realignment, that hits full stride into 2024. So, it’s a multiple year of significant opportunity and increases there.
Fred Smith: Ken, let me just add that we are very excited about where we sit with TNT, the combination of the physical integration this year -- this fiscal year and next calendar year is an inflection point, like I talked about. And at the same time, we are also improving -- continuing to improve our value proposition, the one I just talked to you about overnight service from several markets in Europe to U.S. is unmatched. So, we continue to make great progress. And we really think that we should see the margin expansion beginning in fiscal 2022 and building into FY23.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Allison Landry from Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry: So Raj, you talked about lower cost per stop at Ground. So, is there a way to parse out how much of that was driven by the increased B2B mix versus increased density and e-com residential volume related to last-mile optimization, improved asset utilization from the seven-day operations? And then, if you could just maybe address how we might be able to gauge the improvement in cost per stop in fiscal 2022. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: I’m going to have John answer that question.
John Smith: Allison, thanks for the question. If you go back when we talk about the LMO, FY20, we only delivered 1.2 million packages of LMO. Through fiscal year 2021, we delivered 21.6 million packages of LMO. Now, that’s one factor that’s improving our optimization. The next, if you’ll remember, we integrated SmartPost, which is now our economy product, and plus the surging residential growth since the pandemic, and all these factors has helped us improve our residential density. Now, one of the things to remember, we’re seeing package matching where we have commercial, residential, economy or LMO packages where they’re destined to the same address or nearby address for another Ground package, and we fully continue to expect this to continue to increase. We’re also confident that our weekend residential delivery coverage, which is already mentioned, reaching 98% of the U.S. population on Saturdays and 95% on Sundays truly gives us a distinct competitive advantage.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: One of the issues that we’ve heard on the manufacturing side is really the supply chain constraints and sort of the impact that maybe those increased volumes have had. Is this something that’s been, I guess, one, noticeable to you? And is it starting to abate, or is this still sort of a level of volume that you would continue to expect, particularly on the Express side, as we move through the rest of the balance of the year here?
Raj Subramaniam: The supply chain constraints are, of course, real. The other thing to keep in mind here is the inventory to sales ratio. It’s an all-time low. And so, we do fully expect that as the -- especially as the supply chain starts to get organized here, and we still have opportunity to grow because, especially on the Express side of the business as the inventory sales ratio still remains very, very low, and that drives a lot of express traffic. I hope that answers the question. If not, just ask again if it’s not clear.
Allison Poliniak: The Express part of it, like is it starting to normalize somewhat where you’re seeing that sort of fall off here? And obviously, inventory to sales ratio might not be as sort of next day just in time based on some of the issues we’ve had over the past few months. Just wanted to know if that was noticeable and sort of the volumes you were seeing at this point?
Raj Subramaniam: Don, do you want to take that?
Don Colleran: Sure, yes. The intensity of demand has not abated, and it’s driven by the factors that you and Raj both mentioned. One, on the inventory side, not only is it finished product, but it’s raw materials, i.e. chips and other things that are going into finished products. So that remains at historically low levels. The demand also hasn’t abated. And so, the demand cycle that we’re seeing, both domestically and internationally, continues to be extremely strong. And then, the combination of the supply being light, both in the air and the ocean that has trickled down and trickle up effect, certainly, is factors that -- have us remaining optimistic that there’s no short-term change in what we’re seeing. As a matter of fact, I’m seeing an intensification of that in our international business.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bruce Chan from Stifel.
Bruce Chan: Brie, I want to go back to the pricing discussion for a moment, but maybe more specific to Europe. It seems like a meaningful commercial opportunity for you over there, but some of your competitors are also looking at expanding in that region as well. So, my question is, are you seeing any signs of a land grab or any competitive pricing pressure develop on that front or are you seeing the same sort of structural differentials between demand and capacity you’re seeing here in the U.S.?
Brie Carere: Great question. And no, from a European perspective, we’re kind of the underdog. We actually see and have had tremendous momentum, as I mentioned, the $1 billion growth from an e-commerce perspective between Europe and Asia, and that’s intercontinental. So, when we look at the Europe business, Raj has mentioned, number one, we now have -- we already had, but we even strengthened it further. We have the best coverage across Europe into the United States from a commercial perspective, and the sales team is really excited about that value proposition. So, we have upside potential on both, the B2B and the B2C market share into the United States from Europe. From an intra-Europe perspective, we are predominantly focused on B2B. We’re just getting going on B2C, but we see upward potential there, and we actually also are seeing improving yields in the intra-European theater. So, from an intra-Europe perspective, we’re feeling optimistic. And then, from an Asia to Europe, that’s our third focus area for the European team. We have historically been under-shared in that lane. We have seen a tremendous relationship between our Asia and our European teams. Actually, our Asia team has taken share from DHL the last four quarters. So, we’re pretty pleased with them. We see a great pricing environment, and we see some really strong momentum.
Raj Subramaniam: And Bruce, if I can just add. In some ways, the European markets are the late bloomers, up post COVID-19, but we now expect them to be back to pre-pandemic levels this calendar year versus what we thought will go to be next one. So, there’s going to be the demand, especially B2B coming back sooner. And again, I think, we are in a very good position for that.
Operator: And next we have Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI.
Duane Pfennigwerth: On the Ground facility investments, as you tilt to smaller facilities, which I think you talked about being driven by ship from store where the demand is headed. Can you talk about utilization of your existing assets? What does churn look like in those? How often do you exit a facility? And is there any geographic focus to your Ground investments?
John Smith: Thanks, Duane. It’s John. First of all, we’ve already talked about this, but let me re-mention the brick-and-mortar that we’re adding. We’re adding a very large hub in Chino, California, and we’ll end up with 16 regional sortation facilities this year as well as four new automated stations, already been mentioned that we’re expanding over 100 of our existing facilities. But that’s not just what how we’re attacking our capacity. We’re also expanding our operational solutions that maximize how and when we’re using these existing buildings, for instance, like when we run multiple preloads in an existing building. Also, technology is a huge play for us here. It’s going to provide the solutions that are critical to enable these solutions to work. And in addition, we’re refining tools that use real-time data to help us streamline multiple aspects of our operation all the way from staffing through package routing to trailer as well as mode optimization. And we’re also collaborating with our customers on solutions that will leverage the full flexibility of our seven-day operations and benefit from our expanded regional and local solutions for e-commerce shippers that will allow them to reach their customers, both quickly as well as cost effectively.
Raj Subramaniam: And Duane, if I can answer the strategic point here. I’ve long talked about how we work strategically with some of the retail customers as they see the online growth. And again, that’s exactly what we’re doing. And when you see stories of retailers showing tremendous online growth, you can bet there is a FedEx story right behind that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: Curious, given the investments you’re making in Ground and the automation facilities and preparing for a strong peak, is there -- can you give some sense against, obviously, what’s difficult year-over-year comparisons, what sort of big picture volume outlook you might be looking at in terms of growth perspective? Is it a mid-single-digit type of number, better? Just curious. Thanks.
Brie Carere: Well, we’re expecting a pretty robust peak. I think last year, we called it Shipathon. I think we’re looking forward to another Shipathon, quite frankly. So especially in the Ground network, we are absolutely expecting a robust peak in volume growth. I think Fred mentioned in his opening remarks, the goal is over $90 billion for the year. And I’m looking across the table at Jill, my commercial partner, and we’re pretty confident in that number.
Operator: And I’ll turn it back to you for closing remarks.
Fred Smith: Thank you very much for participating on this analyst call. As I said, I’d like to take a moment to personally thank Henry Maier for his dedicated service to this organization. Henry’s various roles were pivotal at key points from the time we bought RPS until today. I think, even Henry and I would be amazed looking back in time if we thought FedEx Ground was going to be the enormous entity it is today with substantial growth prospects and an awful lot of that, Henry is due to your leadership and insight, your remarkable professional in an area which is very arcane and very poorly understood, and many, many quarters, because of the topology of networks and how they actually operate. I’ve had a lot of fun, and just on a personal basis with our repartee, and I’m going to continue that with you as we talked about the other day. So, all of us wish you and Diane a great success in retirement. And on behalf of all of us, well done, and we are deeply grateful to you. So, let me end with one administrative announcement. In reviewing the format of these calls, we’ve made the decision going forward, Raj, Mike and Brie will handle these quarterly calls. I’ll be available on the midyear December call and year-end call next June to answer any questions. The rest of our SMC, we’re going to give this time back to them in order to run the railroad because the size and scope of this operation needs every minute that they can devote to their day job rather than to these reports, which will be very adequately handled, as we just demonstrated by Raj and Brie and Mike. So, back to you, Mickey.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-03-18 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter Form 10-Q, earnings release, stat book as well as our economic forecast on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on the call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman and CEO; Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Mike Lenz, Executive VP and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO, Brie Carere, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer; Jill Brannon, Executive Vice President and Chief Sales Officer; Don Colleran, President and CEO of Fedex Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; John Smith, President and CEO-Elect of FedEx Ground, and Lance Moll, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. First, I want to say how immensely proud I am of our FedEx team members. Since our last earnings call, they've completed a historic peak season and using the power of our expanded seven-day-a-week FedEx Ground operations, our team handled record-breaking volumes throughout the holiday shipping season. They also worked diligently to clear the backlog caused by the recent severe winter weather in the U.S., a 50-year event. They worked night and day to move the backlog quickly and as safely as possible. This includes the many team members who typically perform other duties and volunteered their time to help. We're sincerely grateful to them and to our customers for their understanding, as we navigated the effects of these massive winter storms. Our team members are continuing to move the world forward with the delivery of COVID-19 vaccines-related ingredients and supplies throughout the U.S., Canada and more than 20 other countries around the world. We did a great job on these vaccines during the weather event, too. FedEx is prepared to transport now vaccines to more than 220 countries and territories for as long as necessary to help eradicate COVID-19. As part of our responsibility to be good stewards of the planet, earlier this month, we announced our bold strategy to achieve carbon-neutral operations globally by 2040. To help reach this goal, we focused our strategy in three key areas: vehicle electrification, which we've been involved in for over a decade; sustainable energy; and carbon sequestration -- natural carbon sequestration. In this regard, importantly, our plan includes a pledge to help establish the Yale Center for Natural Carbon Capture. The center will build on the Yale legacy of the school and the environment of world-class research and education to develop measurable carbon capture solutions, with an initial focus on helping to offset greenhouse gas emissions equivalent to current airline emissions. Findings will be published and shared, so that businesses, industries, and governments globally can benefit from this work. As reflected in this quarter's results, continued execution of our strategies is producing strong earnings growth and margin improvement across our company. We expect demand for our unmatched e-commerce and International Express solutions to remain high for the foreseeable future. I'm exceedingly optimistic about the future of FedEx, and again, very grateful to our team members for their hard work. I'd also like to thank Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground, who is retiring at the end of July after more than 35 years of dedicated service at FedEx. We'll have much more to say about Henry on our next earnings call in June. Let me now ask Raj, Brie, and Mike to provide their comments, after which we will take your questions. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Fred, and good afternoon, everybody. Q3 was a strong quarter of growth for FedEx. Despite challenging circumstances, the team performed exceptionally well through the biggest peak season in our company's history. This included delivering nearly 0.5 billion holiday packages, transporting the first shipment of COVID-19 vaccines here in the U.S., and increasing collaboration across operating companies. Our results speak for themselves. In December, we achieved the highest monthly totals in our company's history in both revenue and operating profit. Results in December were different than previous years. We better maximized our available capacity, and as Brie will cover in a moment, better aligned prices to incremental costs. Peak 2020 was unlike any peak experience before and sets a new standard for future peak seasons. As Fred mentioned, our operations were impacted by last month's severe winter weather throughout the United States. Mike will expand more on the scope and unique nature of these storms. And I'm sure many of you have seen reports in the last couple of days, which illustrate the impact these storms had on the overall U.S. economy, including retail sales and manufacturing output. We implemented numerous contingencies to mitigate the impact, including adding sorts, line haul and collaborating across our network to assist in the recovery. I'm very proud of the team for managing through this very challenging situation. Now, speaking of the team, we announced that Henry Maier will retire this summer and named John Smith, former President and CEO of FedEx Freight, his successor. Lance Moll, former SVP of Operations at FedEx Freight, has been promoted to CEO, and we're pleased to have all these three gentlemen on the call today. Now, turning to FedEx Ground. The outstanding margin improvement for Ground in Q3 highlights the success of our ongoing strategic initiatives and investments to improve efficiency and reduce costs associated with the last mile even amid record residential volume levels. These investments continue to pay off. Let me share three examples. Number one, we saw a meaningful improvement in last mile efficiency as service providers improved their stops per hour 21% year-over-year in Q3. Number two, the average cost per stop decreased by 12% year-over-year. And number three, we maximized our assets, expanding to seven-day operations and integrating Ground economy, or formerly FedEx SmartPost, reduced our fixed cost per package by 4% year-over-year. We remain very optimistic for continued profitable growth at Ground. Collaboration between operating companies continue at an unprecedented rate in Q3. This month marks the one-year anniversary of the launch of last mile optimization, which allows us to flex our networks to increase delivery density for residential, rural and deferred packages. LMO will expand to six more markets effective May the 1st, increasing to 63 markets in total and covering two-thirds of the U.S. GDP. Additionally, FedEx Freight has delivered more than 1.75 million shipments for Ground so far this fiscal year. This time last year, Freight had yet to deliver a single Ground shipment as increased support for Ground kicked off in May of 2020. Finally, turning to FedEx Express. Our global network is moving COVID-19 vaccines, ingredients and supplies as we speak. It has been a coordinated orchestration of our physical and digital capabilities. At FedEx Express, we expect elevated pricing for at least the next 12 months. We know, however, that these prices are not sustainable in the longer-term, and we will flex our networks appropriately as commercial capacity returns into the market. In addition, we will continue to improve our efficiency by executing last mile optimization and transforming our European business. In Europe, momentum continues with the physical integration of the TNT network. We recently announced our Europe restructuring program, and we are progressing with local consultations as planned and in accordance with local market regulations. April will be a big month as we prepare to roll out a set of new service capabilities for our customers, which Brie will provide more detail very shortly here. We'll complete their integration in spring 2022, which will bring the physical network integration to a close. Our Paris Hub will be our main Express hub in Europe with Liege serving as Indi does in the U.S. that’s our second largest European air hub. We remain focused on optimizing the network and strengthening our capabilities to drive upside in Europe for years to come. In closing, FedEx remains committed to delivering long-term profitable growth. We have the network, the strategy and the right team in place as we build upon the exceptional results we have seen so far in fiscal year 2021. With that, let me turn it over to Brie.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj. Good afternoon, everyone. In the United States, we are seeing strong growth and momentum. The U.S. domestic parcel market is expected to grow to 101 million packages a day by calendar year 2022, with e-commerce contributing 86% of total U.S. market growth. E-commerce as a percentage of U.S. retail sales was approximately 21% in Q4 of calendar 2020, significantly above the pre-pandemic level. We remain excited about the diversification and evolution of the e-commerce market. Some of our largest retail customers reported e-commerce growth rates in the high double and even triple digits through 2020. As the U.S. reopens, we recognize the potential for a short-term deceleration in e-commerce shopping. However, we are very confident that e-commerce as a percentage of retail, has a long growth runway. Turning now to peak. It certainly was the ship upon we predicted, a peak upon a peak. We had tremendous growth with almost 500 million packages delivered and 19% year-over-year ADV growth. To the global sales and marketing teams, I could not be more proud of your execution and the momentum you have created. FY 2021 parcel volume growth remains strong, supported by a portfolio of e-commerce solutions growing at double-digits. Of particular note, our FedEx Ground seven-day a week residential delivery service is one of the fastest-growing services in e-commerce with 70% volume growth in Q3. Overall, year-to-date average daily volume growth remains strong for all customer segments. However, our U.S. small and medium segment grew 35% through the end of February. In FY 2021 Q3, FedEx total U.S. domestic residential package volume mix was 70% versus 62% a year ago. With the increase of residential packages in our networks, we're focused on improving yield and product mix. In FY 2021 Q3, we increased FedEx Ground economy yield by 35% and overall U.S. domestic residential yields by 15% year-over-year. It's important to note, FedEx Ground is formally FedEx SmartPost. While e-commerce is the key driver of the overall growth, in January, our U.S. enterprise B2B volume was at pre-COVID levels. Turning to our U.S. revenue quality strategy, we continue to actively pursue yield management, product and customer mix strategies. Our primary focus is ensuring large customer pricing aligns to their volume distribution. We continue to manage capacity at FedEx Ground, prioritizing our highest yielding SAM segment as well as our premium home delivery product. As we plan for peak of fiscal year 2022, our peak surcharges will continue to play a critical role. Turning now to international. Global air cargo capacity remains down 20% year-over-year as of January. And we expect air cargo capacity to remain constrained through the end of calendar year 2021. We expect passenger capacity to recover between 55% and 75% of its pre-COVID level by the end of calendar year 2021, with a full recovery not anticipated until 2023 or 2024. From a demand perspective, APAC outbound has recovered to pre-COVID, while Europe outbound is expecting a partial recovery by the end of 2021 and a full recovery sometime in 2023. With these projections, demand trends will continue to favor freighters and integrators. We are confident in our ability to maintain elevated yields for at least 12 months. With e-commerce driving significant growth internationally, we will increasingly utilize peak surcharges in our international business. Finally, we are executing commercial strategies to maintain and grow our incremental volume as capacity recovers. Intercontinental performance continues to be very strong. Our total international express yield per pound has again seen impressive double-digit year-over-year improvements in all key markets. Our B2B volumes are recovering to pre-COVID levels in Europe, and are fully recovered in Asia, while our overall growth is fueled by significant B2C volumes. During our fourth quarter, we will dramatically enhance our European portfolio. As stated on previous calls, with the completion of the road integration last May, our European road value proposition already gained significant improvements. Our customers have been accessing the unparalleled TNT European road network. In Q4, we will introduce an enhanced Europe-to-the-U.S. value proposition, providing an industry-leading next-day service to the U.S. in twice the number of origin countries currently offered. In addition, we will be launching our new FedEx International Priority Express service, giving our European customers two premium services within Europe, offering customers' choice between overnight by noon and overnight by end of day. We will be rolling out these new service capabilities to our customers over the coming months. We will also launch FedEx International Connect Plus from Europe to the United States to Asia and within Europe, providing the service across more than 200 lanes. FedEx International Connect Plus, or FICP, has been designed with features of service targeted to reduce the cost to serve, while delivering an outstanding customer experience and is specifically targeted to support our e-commerce customers. The new European transportation portfolio is brought to market through a refreshed and modern online shipping application that has already rolled out in Europe and across 143 countries globally. In summary, we have great momentum coming out of Q3. And with that, I'll turn it over to Mike for his comments.
Mike Lenz: Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everyone. FedEx delivered significantly improved financial results during the quarter, as we met the challenges of rising demand and limited capacity during our peak season and overcame severe winter weather in February. Adjusted operating profit increased 120%, and adjusted operating margin increased 210 basis points, primarily due to strong volume growth in U.S. domestic residential package; a 41% increase in FedEx international priority package volume, led by Asia and Europe; and solid execution of our revenue management strategies in the face of increasing demand across all our transportation segments. These gains were partially offset by four noteworthy factors. First, higher variable incentive compensation expense of $485 million, including a $125 million special bonus for global frontline team members at FedEx Express; second, lower revenues and higher costs due to significant weather events that reduced operating income by an estimated $350 million; third, the estimated impact of having one fewer operating week day, which was approximately $150 million; and lastly, consolidated direct COVID-19-related cost of approximately $60 million, which does not capture the many accommodations we continue to make across all our operations for the safety of our employees and to comply with various regulations and guidelines. Given its significance, I want to add further context around the adverse weather impact. First, we always anticipate and have contingencies for demand and operational impacts during our fiscal third quarter, which spans the most active winter weather months. The mid to late February events, in particular, impacted many parts of the country, but were historic throughout the South Central Corridor of the U.S. The snow amounts in Memphis had not been seen in over 50 years prior to the founding of FedEx and when coupled with a record time nine consecutive days below freezing, had a significant impact on our operations, as Fred and Raj mentioned. Our Indianapolis and North Texas Express hubs were impacted as well. Demand was deferred as significant portions of the U.S. population were impacted by the various weather events. Of the $350 million estimated impact, $240 million was at Express, $85 million at Ground, and $25 million at Freight. Despite that, the Express segment reported adjusted operating profit of $514 million with an adjusted operating margin of 4.8%, up 260 basis points, driven by significant volume growth in both international export and U.S. domestic package, as well as higher international priority yields. In the quarter, Express absorbed $340 million higher variable incentive compensation expense and was on pace to deliver record third quarter operating profit prior to the February weather. FedEx Ground had an exceptional peak and third quarter, growing operating margin 270 basis points over the prior year to 8.8%. Operating income of $702 million was the highest third quarter in FedEx Ground's history. Yield grew 11%, while volumes were up 25%, resulting in 37% growth in revenues, which more than offset headwinds, including increased payments to our independent service providers, higher labor rates, and higher variable incentive compensation of $70 million. As Raj and Brie highlighted, our commercial and operational initiatives are yielding and will continue to yield profitable growth at Ground, as we capitalize on the e-commerce opportunity. Turning to FedEx Freight, operating income increased 5% despite the impact of increased variable compensation and the weather. Freight continues to post excellent results with their focus on revenue quality, aligning their cost structure with current business levels, and improving operational efficiencies. Freight also provided critical peak season operational support to both Ground and Express. Our effective tax rate was 15% for the quarter due to tax benefits of $108 million, resulting from a tax rate increase in the Netherlands applied to a deferred tax balances and associated with a $300 million voluntary contribution to our qualified U.S. pension plans. Now, turning to what's ahead. While there remains a degree of uncertainty as we begin to see progress in combating the pandemic, we are projecting full year adjusted earnings per share of $17.60 to $18.20, compared to $9.50 adjusted EPS in FY 2020. We expect our effective tax rate prior to the year-end mark-to-market adjustment to be between 21% and 22% for the full year fiscal 2021. We expect higher revenue, operating income, and operating margins on a year-over-year basis at all our transportation segments in the fourth quarter, which does include one additional operating week day. These forecasts assume continued recovery in U.S. industrial production and global trade, no additional COVID-19-related business restrictions, and current fuel price expectations. With this forecast, we expect higher variable incentive compensation expense in the fourth quarter, as we plan to reward our employees for their achievements this year. The year-over-year increase is expected to be slightly higher than the third quarter, excluding the $125 million special bonus I mentioned previously. Earlier Fred mentioned our sustainability initiatives and we will record our $100 million pledge to Yale University in our fourth quarter results. For Express in the fourth quarter, there will be no benefit from the reduction in the aviation excise tax and the CARES Act, which expired on December 31. In addition, Express maintenance costs will be higher year-over-year in the fourth quarter as we execute on our flexible air fleet strategy. Just over a year ago, we shared with you plans to temporarily park the equivalent of seven MD-11s. Given the increased demand, we are efficiently adding needed capacity for our customers by investing in maintenance expense to utilize aircraft from temporary storage. As of now, we plan to have no temporarily parked MD-11s prior to next peak season. This illustrates our ability to flex capacity up or down in a financially efficient manner in response to changes in the market. Our capital spending focus remains on strategic investments that will reduce our cost structure, improve our efficiency, and increase our capacity to profitably meet market growth demands. Our FY 2021 CapEx forecast is now $5.7 billion due to changes in the timing of aircraft payments, as well as the acceleration of FedEx Ground capacity initiatives. That projects to roughly 6.9% of expected revenue, which is the lowest level in over 10 years. While we have not finalized our FY 2022 plans, capital spending will increase, as we invest in capacity and proceed with investments in replacement capital previously deferred. That said, I anticipate CapEx, as a percentage of revenue will be 8% or less, which remains less than our historical capital intensity. We’ll provide more specifics in June. Looking at liquidity on the balance sheet, we ended the third quarter with $8.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents, and on Tuesday, renewed our $2 billion five-year credit agreement and $1.5 billion 364-day credit agreement. The key aspect of our capital allocation strategy moving forward will be strengthening our balance sheet and repayment of outstanding debt. Given our strong cash flows and liquidity position, we are evaluating potential transactions to reduce and refinance existing debt. The timing of any transaction will be based on market conditions, and we would incur costs related to these transactions, which may be material. I'll close by reiterating, I have great confidence in our ability to build on the successes we have had this year as we execute our plans to generate sustainable long-term growth in earnings and cash flow. And with that, we can move to the question-and-answer session.
Question-and:
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And first, we'll go to Chris Wetherbee from Citi. Your line is open.
Chris Wetherbee: Yeah. Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. Maybe I want to start on the Ground side and understand, I guess, first, around Ground pricing, so significant progress has been made so far. But I wanted to get a sense of where do you think you are in the process of repricing this product up for the service that you're offering and ultimately, the demand in the market right now? And then maybe as we think about how's that and mix may impact margins as we move forward, say, into fiscal 2022, clearly, we've moved – are very heavily overweight towards B2C, over the course of the last 12 months. But as B2B grows, it maybe even takes a little bit of market share. How should that play through your ground margins?
Brie Carere: Thanks for the question, Chris. It's Brie speaking. From a yield strategy perspective, we still believe we have opportunity from a mix perspective. As you saw, this quarter was probably the most dramatic or not probably was the most dramatic movement we've been able to make from a product perspective. You're going to see that shift throughout this year as capacity – we anticipate capacity throughout this calendar year will be constrained. And as a result, as I mentioned, we've got to prioritize our SAM growth. You heard 35%. It's the best segment performance we've got from a small perspective. So we're going to prioritize that. It will continue to work our yields up. In addition to that, the FedEx economy product is something that we are very focused on, and it will add dramatic yield upside from here out. Henry?
Henry Maier: Hi, Chris. Let me take the margin question. First of all, in Q4, we expect teens to – margins to be in the teens. But let me speak to how we see the business beyond that. First, we believe there's considerable operating leverage still to be realized in this business. Strategic initiatives will help ensure the right packages are on the right sort, on the right day for on-time delivery. They also ensure that overnight sorts are reserved for next-day volume, enabling the right balance of sort capacity in the network. These are critical capabilities for a seven-day network operation. We're also implementing dynamic scheduling tools to match sort, staffing, headcount more closely to volumes, thereby improving dock productivity and our dock expense. And we're rolling out capabilities for certain upstream volume in the network to bypass station sortation and transfer directly to delivery vehicles, freeing up valuable station capacity. None of these initiatives require brick-and-mortar. They're possible through industry-leading technology, AI and machine learning and are developed using a safe agile framework and tools. So with all of that, in my view, as we continue to transform the FedEx Ground business, FedEx Ground's best days are still ahead of them.
Chris Wetherbee: Thanks for the time.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Ken Hoexter from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good afternoon. Let me switch over to Express. And, I guess, if you exclude the weather impacts, the 4.8% goes up to maybe upper single digits in terms of margin. Maybe you could talk about the – Brie, the return of B2B on the Express side, same thing that you were just talking on Ground. Maybe you were talking about pricing starting to disappear in 12 months. So how do you look at this business? Do you see it transitioning back to double-digit margins, or is there some structural change that keeps that at the single-digit levels?
Brie Carere: Hi, Ken, it's Brie. I'll start with the pricing and the yield element and then turn it back over to Don and Mike. From a yield perspective and from a B2B, as we mentioned, as of January, here in the United States, our B2B volume was back to pre-COVID level. The mix within the B2B wasn't what historically we have seen. It was obviously heavy healthcare, heavy retail, heavy tech. We have not seen it fully come back in automotive and industrial. So we think that, there's some upside there. When you look at the B2B volume outside of the United States, at a whole holistic level, we're back, but Europe is not. So we see there still opportunity intra-Europe and intercontinental outbound from Europe. The European team has done a phenomenal job of shoring up volume, but it is B2C volume that they've shored up that gap with. So I still think that there is some B2B upside coming out of Europe still. From a yield perspective, we're feeling pretty confident in our yields throughout this calendar year from an International Express as well as a Domestic Express. There is pressure on the yield from a weight perspective, because the e-commerce mix will continue to increase outside of the United States at Express. So, overall, we're quite comfortable from a yield growth and opportunity perspective for the next 12 months, and I'll turn it over to Mike?
Mike Lenz: Yes. Chris, as I said, this is Mike. We - certainly, in the fourth quarter, we'll see margin gains at all three of the transportation segments. You can't get to the guidance that we put out there without that falling into place, as well as the other context I gave you. And we're highly confident we can build on the momentum here with the strategies and the plans that have been outlined, but we're not going to be given forward margin expectations. We'll have more to say about our outlook for 2022 in June. Don?
Don Colleran: Yes, Mike and Brie, just to add a few things to your comments. One is, I think, Raj had mentioned in his prepared remarks about the strength of the quarter. And it was a strong quarter for us, highlighted by the best December we've had in the company's history, and on track to provide that same level of performance for the quarter, until the weather hit. Now this is not a comment about would have, should have, could have, but it really is one to highlight the strong fundamentals that exist in the Express business right now. We're extremely confident of the fundamentals that we'll continue to deliver into the fourth quarter, as evidence of what we've seen. We had $1.9 billion of revenue growth in that quarter. I thank our excellent sales team around the globe and a wonderful job that the Express operating unit did in terms of monetizing and turning that into a strong performance. As it relates to what we're seeing from a yield perspective, I agree, obviously, with Brie's assessment. We're seeing some fundamentals in our international business, that are quite clear to us in the short, medium and maybe in the longer-term. When inventory levels remain low, supply is soft and demand is very strong. And we think that demand is going to even increase as the stimulus checks come into the marketplace. So we think, if you look at it in terms of tri-factor, those fundamental economic issues that we have should continue to benefit us, especially in our international business going forward.
Ken Hoexter: Thanks, Don. Mike, Brie, appreciate it.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Allison Landry from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Allison Landry: Thanks. Good afternoon. Sorry, I was on mute. Just digging a little bit more in terms of the Ground revenue per piece and specifically on Q3, Brie or Henry, could you maybe talk about or break out the contribution to the yield equivalent that came from base price versus the peak surcharges and then mix? I guess, what I'm trying to think through is, how to best think about the sequential yield change in Q4. Normally, I think it's up about 4%. But obviously, maybe the peak surcharges fall off, you have some incremental surcharges in place. So, just looking for a little bit of context in terms of breaking out the contribution of the different pieces there. Thank you.
Brie Carere: Hi, Allison. From a pricing strategy perspective, obviously, the vast majority of our volume is on highly complex contractual agreements. And so, it's quite difficult to streamline and break that out for you right now. But what I will tell you is from a Q3 perspective, you saw really us very much focused on our FedEx Ground economy product. We know the spread between the FedEx Ground economy and our FedEx Ground home delivery product, that yield spread, historically, has been too wide. So, we are very focused on prioritizing capacity at the higher-yielding home delivery product. And so you're going to see two things happen. You're going to see us give more capacity to home delivery at the higher yield and you're going to see us increase the yield throughout this calendar year, both through peak surcharges as well as through GRI strategies, and quite frankly, just contractual discussion. So, that's really our focus is closing that gap, prioritizing capacity for home delivery and making sure we've got capacity for our small and medium customers.
Allison Landry: Okay. And just any color on what sort of the peak surcharge impact was in Q3 from a dollar perspective or a percentage perspective?
Brie Carere: We're not going to give that out at this time, Allison.
Allison Landry: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And next we'll go to Jack Atkins from Stephens. Your line is open.
Jack Atkins: Great. Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. So, Mike, I guess, maybe this one is for you. When I think about the fourth quarter implied guidance, historically, you see a fairly significant ramp in earnings from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. And when you normalize for the weather and the lower tax rate, your guidance -- implied guidance is for maybe a 17% increase in earnings from third quarter to fourth quarter, typically, it's 50% to 60%. So, I'm just curious if maybe if you can walk us through some of the puts and takes there? Is it a factor of just the broader economy? Is some uncertainty there? Just some conservatism in general. Just can you help us think through the implied fourth quarter guidance and why you wouldn't see more of a normal seasonal ramp there? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Jack, I'm not going to get into de-comping all of the puts and takes that come into seasonality. I guess I would refer back to when I mentioned an effective tax rate for the year of 21% to 22%, that implies a higher tax rate in Q4 than our -- typically, you can rule a thumb for a full year. The statutory federal rate is 21%, 3% or 4% for state and other. So, 25% on a kind of normalized basis. But as we've mentioned on the call, we have had about $300 million of discrete events through year-to-date in Q1 to Q3. So, I think when you kind of normalize for that and look at our underlying operating performance there, it is a very strong Q4 and I'll leave it at that. I talked about some of the other elements that will play into Q4 earlier, so I won't rehash those. But I think when you are able to piece it all together, it will be a very solid operating Q4.
Jack Atkins: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Jordan Alliger from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Jordan Alliger: Yeah. Hi, afternoon. Question, when you think beyond the fiscal fourth quarter of this year and into the next fiscal year, you start getting to some difference in tougher volume comps, especially in the Ground. Is your expectation, though, that with e-commerce continuing even at a decelerating pace that you could still grow the overall volume levels year-over-year? Thanks.
Brie Carere: I guess the short answer is, yes. We're anticipating that the market growth, 90% of the market growth is going to come through e-commerce. We've got a long-term outlook at more than 10% CAGR from an e-commerce perspective. So the short answer is, yes. And Mike, I'm sure would like to add something.
Mike Lenz: Yeah. Jordan, just -- we threw a lot of numbers at you. But as Brie mentioned, we went from 62% to 70% residential mix, and FedEx Ground's margins were up 270 basis points. So I think that speaks to how we plan to execute on the continued growth of e-commerce.
Fred Smith: And, of course, we will be giving an FY 2022 earnings forecast in June. That has been something that's not been available during the pandemic from a lot of companies. But with the forecast that Mike just gave you for the fourth quarter, you can anticipate a full year FY 2022 range at our June call.
Jordan Alliger: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Brandon Oglenski from Barclays. Your line is open.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Mike, can you talk to the outlook if you think CapEx is going to be below 8% of revenue and [Technical Difficulty] look forward on these projects, because I think you mentioned accelerating some of the Ground investments there?
Mike Lenz: Brandon, you broke up a little bit, but if I understand asking about one of the CapEx references. So as we said, volume grew 25% at Ground. And so as we came through December, evaluating and looking at what's ahead and the opportunity there, we see that as opportunity. Also, if you look at our -- when you get the chance to look at the stat book in terms of the maintenance CapEx, you can see that our facilities and vehicles, we deferred a lot of that this year. So there will be some amount of those that -- going forward as well. So we'll be -- we'll certainly give you more specifics on that when it comes to June.
Brandon Oglenski: Yeah, Mike, I guess I was asking, like, in the longer-term context, what are the type of return [Technical Difficulty] these projects?
Mike Lenz: I think the question is about returns. You broke up again. I will say with very absolute confidence that all of these investments we're making will generate a solid return on investment just as the investments we've made in the last few years are showing results today.
Brandon Oglenski: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Amit Mehrotra from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, operator. Hi, everybody. Henry, I was hoping I could ask you about Ground margins, if that's okay? I think the key question and discussion point we've all had is the long-term outlook for Ground margins, given the secular shift to B2C and the density challenges that obviously come with that. I mean, you guys have made incredible progress on pricing and operations. I'm just wondering, if you can update us -- you gave a little bit of it last quarter, but hoping you can update us on what you think the sustainable margins for Ground -- the Ground business are on an annual basis? And when do you think you can get there? And just related to that, you guys called out $350 million of weather. I was hoping you could talk about what the attribution to Ground business was from that number. Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Amit, this is Mike. As I said in my remarks, $85 million of the weather was Ground. Again, we've said, we've given you fourth quarter guidance. We'll have more to say about future outlook in – for FY 2022 in June. But we're very confident of our ability to build on the momentum of generating increased returns and profitability at Ground.
Amit Mehrotra: Can I ask it another way then since it's the same question? And the spread between pricing costs in Ground was in excess of 300 basis points per package. As B2C recovers, is there any reason why the spread between price and cost per package should moderate over the next four to five, six quarters?
Henry Maier: Well, I think the last two quarters, we've given you some guidance on what we've seen unit costs do as we move through the pandemic and we move through the shift in the mix of our business. Obviously, we're going to lap some of those results, but we've had significant reductions in our unit costs as we've gone through the last year as a result of many of the strategic initiatives we've outlined here, and were in, frankly, in Raj's comments. We continue to see considerable operating leverage in the business, and we would expect margins to improve over time.
Amit Mehrotra: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Your line is open.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good afternoon. Let's see. I wanted to – I think one of the questions that seems to come up is concern about potential to have some of that strength in international rates that's beneficial for Express, that eventually, some of that profitability is going to go back as past device-based comes back. And presumably, that's out very quickly and that you retain a portion of it. I wanted to see, if you could give us a sense of the potential offset from your cost initiatives. Those numbers, if you look at a couple of years, are they potentially in the same magnitude? And I'm thinking in particular of integration of some of the B2C shipments for Express and Ground, but that's helpful on the cost side and potentially TNT and maybe you have other things in mind. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: So, Tom, this is Raj. I'll address it overall. Obviously, it's not possible to give out the numbers by the individual items that you just talked about. However, we -- let me address it broadly by first saying that, the capacity and the commercial carrier -- passenger carriers, we don't expect it to come back in the next 12 months, maybe more, and we expect the premium to remain for that period of time. Even if it does come back, we have the opportunity to flex it, flex our networks. We can -- and that is -- we have demonstrated the capability to flex up. And we will be able to flex it down as needed and they become our partner networks to move deferred traffic. Thirdly, there's a lot of activity that's going on to continue to improve margins in FedEx Express. Our transformation in Europe was one of -- expansion of last-mile optimization is another and very solid activity. So we feel very confident about our future of our Express around the world. I don't know, Don, if you want to add anything more to that?
Don Colleran: I think you hit it, Raj. But clearly, we have a playbook on margin -- improving margin expansion in both our domestic and international business. I think you touched upon and I did in my earlier comments about why we're confident over the medium-term that the supply and demand curve works in our favor. Capacity is light and we think it will continue to remain that way, until people start traveling again on an intercontinental basis. We don't think that happens for the next 12 to 18 months because of the various levels of quarantine restrictions that are in all parts of the globe. We're working one of the things that I would want to highlight that you didn't talk to is, our last-mile optimization plans and the impact that, that has on our margin. I think our Chairman says, density is our destiny. And as we can continue to improve the density in the either of our networks, it's very much margin accretive. We're celebrating the one-year anniversary coming up on last-mile optimization, working very closely with Henry and his team. And we're driving a significant amount of volume through the Ground network. And that, those numbers are accelerating on a sequential week-over-week, month-over-month basis. So there's a lot of leverage that we can pull in our business, the European transformation, the domestic transformation. But we have multiple playbooks in play, as we speak, to continue with our margin improvement and expansion.
Fred Smith: Let me add something to that. The LMO initiative benefits in two ways. One, it takes lower-yielding residential packages and deferred packages and rural packages out of the Express network, allowing the Express system to concentrate on the high priority B2B and the verticals, particularly those that require ancillary services like SenseAware ID, which is on every single box of vaccines that we're now delivering. I mean, it's almost been flawless, the execution of that. And you can count on your hand the number of issues with the number of vaccines we've delivered in the millions. And so, Express is able to be more Express in the B2C and the less dense areas are more cost effectively served. So it's not just one side. It helps on both sides, which is what Don mentioned about the density, because as we get more residential packages that are not Express in nature, time definite, or something that somebody needs in a residence that Express has to deliver, it helps Ground's density, its cost, its asset utilization. And I think one of the things that I listen to these calls, the last call we had 13 questions on Ground margins. I don't know we're not going to have 13 this time, but we've probably got half a dozen so far, wouldn't that be close? So, one of the things that's hard for us to communicate to this group, Henry has mentioned, is the fantastic effect of this technology that we've been rolling out. We don't advertise it all the time, but Rob and his team and some of the fantastic work we have going on in other ways, that's why the confidence level is so high, that we can achieve these things in the future. So, what you all want us to do is to give it to you in a quarterly forecast and so forth, but some of the numbers that Raj laid out there for you, I mean, they're stunning in the productivity improvements. So, I think it's important to look a bit at the bigger picture of some of these things. And finally, I'll say, we have a plan to improve Express margins with a lot of passenger capacity in the marketplace and a plan to improve it without a lot of passenger in the market. It's not an either/or situation. And so those are the two recurring questions that come up in these calls. The e-commerce are going to go back because everybody -- the pandemic is over and your margins aren't going to get better and you're not going to do well in Express because the passenger is coming back. Those are inherent in most of the questions, these last two calls. Both of those are wrong. So, I felt I had to step in finally. I've tried not to answer any questions, but you're going down the wrong rabbit hole on both of those areas.
Tom Wadewitz: I think if I can just offer one more thought. I think it's just like the magnitude, it seems like they're pretty big programs and pretty favorable. So, I think my question was just trying to understand, if you're going to give us a sense of the magnitude at some point. But they may -- I mean, what you're doing at makes a ton of sense and seems to be a big factor in the results. So, anyway, just -- thanks for all the good perspective on it.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Duane Pfennigwerth from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey, I guess that rules out asking seven more Ground questions. Just a couple for me, how much of that $350 million is cost versus volume pushed out into this quarter?
Fred Smith: Well, I will tell you most of the $350 million was revenue-related. We did have incremental costs at Express for, of course, beyond normal expectations for de-icing and snow removal, additional labor costs. And then I think a couple of you have noted that, we had a significant event with one of our facilities in the Netherlands there as well with the roof collapse, so that is a cost that was in the number as well. But principally, it is revenue from that. And I'll let Brie talk about the overall evolution of where we are now.
Brie Carere: Yes, I guess, the best way to think about March is the fundamentals are back. So, we're very confident. If we take February out, our fundamentals look a lot like they did in January, B2B is strong, SMB is back, Ground is in good shape. So, it was February revenue, but we feel very confident about the fundamentals in March.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thank you. And then just a quick high-level on vaccine distribution. I wonder if you could talk about any surprises versus your initial expectations, either the level of activity you've seen, or which segment is being utilized? And thanks for taking the questions.
Mike Lenz: Yes. Thanks, and it gives me an opportunity to brag on the team a little bit. So I guess, if there is any surprised me and it shouldn't have is how amazing the team is it that provided this exemplary service. Richard Smith and his organization have done Yeoman's work to make sure that these vaccines move through our network. As Fred said, an extremely high level of efficiency, a handful if that shipments that did not need service. I think what's important to note though, when we talk about the vaccines is really not the raw in absolute numbers that move in our network. In the grand scheme of things, when you look at almost 20 million packages a day moving through our network, this represents a very small portion of that. But what is important to note is a profound impact that these shipments have when they get to destination. And it really just validates our purpose, and it's one we take very, very seriously. The amount of lives that we potentially save, the amount of people we put back to work, amount of small businesses that reopen, the borders that can reopen back to normal levels. That's really the story on that vaccines and that's what we're most proud about. So I guess, the surprise that really shouldn't have been is the amazing work that our team has done to galvanize and be energized around this purpose. And they take that purpose very personally. Get up every morning thinking about the mission that we have to get these vaccines to market, so we can get them in folks on. So I couldn't be more proud of the team in the way that brought these vaccines to market globally. So thanks for asking that question.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, let me also jump in on that. I couldn't wait to -- this is one of the most important work that we have done. And to do the work, to be honest, we need a network. And by that, I mean, you'll be able to pick it up in any one part of the world and deposit in any other part of the world in a couple of days. That requires a network. And only a couple of people can actually do -- a couple of companies can actually do that, and we do that very well. But you also tied to it, the technology component, the SenseAware ID that Fred talked about that’s we rolled that out last year. I mean, it was perfectly timed for the vaccines to provide unprecedented visibility. And we also launched FedEx Surround last year, which provides the AI and ML predictive capability of what is going to happen. You put it all together; we have the best service possible, and as the Chairman pointed out, extremely low level of failures. So again, we are very proud of this work and continue to do our part in ending this pandemic.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Allison Poliniak from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Allison Poliniak: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to circle back on the new service capabilities that you talked about within international. Is there a way to help us understand or quantify sort of the market hole you're expecting to sell, what drove the development of those products? And any thought on sort of mix? I'm assuming it would be a sort of a better mix business for you longer-term. Any thoughts there?
Brie Carere: Sure. So I think when you think about what we're going -- what we have going on in the fourth quarter, we really actually have three kind of expansions from a service perspective. We will have, actually, we do have the fastest intra-European ground network as we completed the TNT ground network integration. That will provide growth, both from a B2B perspective, as well as a B2C perspective. So we are absolutely looking to take share intra-Europe, and we see that with the fastest network in Europe. We're confident we can do that. When you think about the intercontinental, we actually, today, have the leading value proposition from Europe to the United States, and we're going to double that. So we are going to have a dramatic advantage over both UPS and DHL. We're adding nine origin countries. So it's going to allow us to really expand both our B2B share as well as our B2C share outside of the major markets in Europe. And then third, as we're talking about FICP, the same story outside of the United States is playing out everywhere in the world with more than 85% of our parcel growth opportunity coming in, in e-commerce. And we did not have an international product that really had the right features of service for serving this massive growth opportunity. And we are under-penetrated. Full disclosure, we are behind both DHL and UPS in this market today, so we see there only upside. When you think about FICP, its features of service are different from our core B2B products in a couple of ways. Number one, we've changed the clearance capabilities. So we now have low-value clearance capabilities, or what we call type 86, which makes it a lower cost entry for the customer. We are automating our clearance capabilities, which reduces the cost to serve. We are changing the terms and conditions on the number of attempts that we will make at the last mile. And, of course, we're rolling out retail access points in Europe as well, so that we can provide that access directly to retail, again, lowering the cost to serve. So in all three of these segments, we believe we've got market share upside, but probably most specifically, on the overnight service to the United States, it's a B2B play. On FICP, it's a rapidly growing opportunity for e-commerce. I hope that helps clarify.
Allison Poliniak: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Scott Group from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks, afternoon, guys. So Mike, I just had a few questions for you. You've been highlighting incentive comp the last few quarters. If we have more of a normal earnings growth year next year, is more of a normal incentive comp headwind, is that – that's my question. Then the corporate elimination volume has grown to like a run rate of about $1 billion a year. I think there's been a bunch of COVID losses in there. Is that something that should start to normalize to be less of a loss in the future?
Mike Lenz: Well, Scott, one thing that I would mention in the corporate unallocated line, as we've mentioned previously, FedEx office results are in there and the print-related revenue, while ADV is up spectacularly at FedEx office, the print-related revenue is significantly impacted by the pandemic. So as we start to come through that, we would anticipate we'll see some improvement there. On the variable comp, I guess, what I would say to you in that is we wouldn't anticipate that to be a headwind looking at FY 2022. I hope that helps.
Scott Group: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I'll turn it back to management for closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team, if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-12-17 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation’s second quarter earnings conference call. The second quarter Form 10-Q, earnings release and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman and CEO; Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Mike Lenz, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive VP, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Brie Carere, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer; Don Colleran, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and John Smith, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Let me make one administrative comment. Due to the COVID-19 situation, we have four members of our SMC spatially distanced in the one room and then five members of the SMC are participating by Zoom with us. So, we may be a little clunky here and in off for the answers, but that’s the reason. Let me first thank our FedEx team, nearly 600,000 strong. These team members have continued to keep the world moving amid the pandemic, transporting medicines, protective gear and all the things our customers need for daily life and all of our B2B customers need to run their industries. And now, our team is acting on months of rigorous planning to transport COVID-19 vaccines safely and on time. We have no higher priority as a company. Time-definite Express transportation of critical shipments is exactly what our air-ground network was built to do. And we have the experience, unmatched global network and technology solutions needed to effectively play our role in helping to eradicate this awful disease. Particularly important has been the recent rollout of our new proprietary SenseAware ID system, which provides real-time visibility of vital shipments, like the vaccines. In addition to this critical work, we’re in the midst of our peak holiday shipping season, where we expect record-breaking volumes. Our strong revenue and earnings growth during the second quarter is another reflection of the continued hard work of our team members and their commitment to our customers. We’re very confident in our strategies and extremely optimistic for FedEx future. Let me now ask Brie, Raj, and Mike, who I’d like to officially welcome to his first earnings call as our CFO to provide their comments, after which we will take your questions. Brie?
Brie Carere : Thank you, Fred, and good afternoon, everyone. With the coronavirus and its third surge in many countries, the near-term economic outlook remains unclear. In the U.S,. goods spending is above pre-pandemic levels, powered by gains in e-commerce. We’re also seeing growth beyond the consumer as drivers of business activity are increasingly in place. Inventory restocking and a strong recovery in capital goods spending are supporting industrial production. Positive developments on the vaccine front should strengthen the appetite for investment. However, the service sector does remain challenged and faces short-term uncertainty against the latest virus surge. When the health emergency ends and pent-up services demand is released, we should see a long growth runway. International growth rebounded in the third quarter of calendar year 2020 with the goods sector outperforming services. Global industrial production and merchandise trade volumes are closed with full pre-COVID recovery. Sentiment among manufacturing firms is solid, while trade growth is becoming more broadly based around the world. China’s economy has surpassed pre-COVID levels and is leading a strong recovery in East Asia. In contrast, however, Europe has been slower to recover and faces short-term headwinds from virus containment. While uncertainty remains high, vaccine prospects are increasing confidence in the medium-term outlook. As I discussed last quarter, the acceleration of e-commerce has had a profound impact on our industry. This holiday shipping season has certainly proved that. The pandemic has accelerated the growth of e-commerce volumes. In the first nine months of 2020, U.S. e-commerce sales grew 33% year-over-year, while traditional retail sales, excluding auto, gas, food service and goods services grew a little more than 1% year-over-year. E-commerce package volumes are expected to more than triple to 111 million packages per day by 2026, up from 35 million in 2019. On the last call, you heard me calling this peak season as the shipathon, as we prepared for unprecedented levels of online shopping and shipping this holiday season. We have worked very closely with our customers to get the shop early, ship early message out to consumers, and we’ve been incredibly pleased with their response. While available capacity across the entire industry has been severely constrained, we have worked with our customers to develop innovative solutions to meet their capacity needs this peak. The proactive steps we took to prepare for the growth of e-commerce, including the expansion of FedEx Ground seven-day a week U.S. residential delivery, investments in automated facilities and our retail convenience networks have certainly paid off. We expanded Sunday residential delivery to nearly 95% of the U.S. population in September. Since then, we have made more than 50 million Sunday residential deliveries. Our investment in seven-day delivery has given us a speed advantage for e-commerce that is near-impossible to match without a national Sunday delivery offering. The convenience of our retail network has led to record volume growth with more than 60% increase in average daily volume from October 15th to November 30th. We are very pleased with our Walgreens and Dollar General alliances and the services they’re providing our customers, and of course, a huge shout out to the FedEx office team who always does an incredible job at peak. We have also set new record highs in returns volume for the past six consecutive months. With the return season upon us, we expect these record highs to continue over the next several months. I am incredibly proud of how we have grown our digital e-commerce portfolio. FedEx Delivery Manager monthly enrollments have increased more than 70% year-over-year this fiscal year-to-date. And, of course, we are thrilled to expand our digital portfolio with the pending ShopRunner acquisition. It is no secret that the success in e-commerce lies at the intersection of a superb physical network and incredible digital capabilities. Raj will talk more about this later. Turning to revenue quality. We have remained laser-focused throughout this peak on ensuring capacity for customers is at the right price, enabling us to provide the best possible service for all of our customers. Our revenue quality strategy requires the right balance of yield management, surcharges and, of course, product and customer mix. As discussed last quarter, the implementation of several peak surcharges have played a critical role in our revenue quality strategy this peak, helping to offset, of course, the additional expenses associated with the unprecedented volume and the virus surging. I believe peak surcharges for the holiday season are the new normal for our industry. In FY 2021 Q2, FedEx had a total U.S. domestic residential package volume of 67% versus 57% a year ago. With the increase of residential packages in our networks, we’ve been very focused on effective yield and product mix. In FY 2021 Q2, we have increased SmartPost yield by more than 20% year-over-year and overall U.S. domestic residential yields by 10% year-over-year. We announced yesterday that we would modify several surcharges post-peak, and those will be effective January 18, 2021. Finally, paramount to our revenue quality strategy is the growth of our small and medium segment. As such, we continue to protect the majority of our small and medium customers from the SmartPost change and temporary surcharges. We are taking market share in the small and medium segment, and it is our strongest growing volume segment year-over-year. We are increasingly digitizing our go-to-market strategies to improve their customer experience while continuing to help the small and medium businesses grow their business, despite the challenges they have faced this past year.  As Fred discussed, FedEx is proud to one of the two primary carriers of the COVID-19 vaccine in the United States. We will play a critical role in the distribution of vaccines around the world for months to come. Now, let me turn to international. Current estimates indicate that as of October, the global air cargo market capacity was down 23% year-over-year due to the significant reduction in passenger aircraft flying. Air cargo demand is expected to recover to pre-COVID levels faster than passenger capacity for key intercontinental lanes, creating an opportunity for FedEx. Currently Asia to U.S. and Asia to Europe passenger capacity is expected to recover to pre-COVID levels by 2023 and Europe to U.S. is expected to recover by 2024. Our goal is to profitably take market share and keep it beyond the capacity shortage internationally. As such, we are prioritizing business from small and medium customers, and reprioritizing any volume from resellers, ensuring we protect the business that will stay with FedEx for the long term. We are balancing near-term profitability while strategically growing our customer base internationally. With constrained capacity, we have adjusted transit times and embargoed our deferred services. We will continue to lean into international e-commerce as it remains a significant international market opportunity. It will also enable improved flight density to further increase revenue per flight. E-commerce will, however, drive lighter international parcels. So, yields per pound will become an increasingly important metric. In Q2, ‘21, international export air express yield per pound was double digits year-over-year globally. So, in summary, I’m incredibly pleased with our performance during this past quarter. We’ve nimbly navigated the shipathon all while planning for key initiatives that will positively impact our business for many years to come. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Raj for his remarks.
Raj Subramaniam : Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everybody. Let me start by echoing Fred’s sentiments in thanking our global team members, especially those on the front line, who are working diligently to keep the world in motion during this truly unprecedented time. We are in the midst of an extraordinary peak season with shipathon as we handle record-breaking volumes and deliver strong service for our customers. While our regular peak season falls in November and December, our preparations this year were months in the making. In many ways, we have been operating at peak like levels since March due to service and e-commerce volume. We planned meticulously throughout this year, including collaborating with our customers on innovative solutions, enhancing capacity through new and repurpose facilities and leveraging the flexibility of our network to ensure we are well-positioned to deliver during our busiest holiday shipping season to date. As we handle these record volumes, we’re also delivering the first wave of COVID-19 vaccine shipments here in the U.S. In fact, on December the 14th at 5:53 am Eastern, the FedEx Express courier made the first U.S. vaccine delivery to Boston Medical Center in Boston, Massachusetts. Our team stands ready to transport additional vaccine shipments internationally as they become available. This effort is among the most important work in the history of our Company. And we are honored and proud to be a part of effort to help end this pandemic. And as Fred highlighted, our unparalleled Express network was built for time-definite shipments such as these vaccines. The scale of the FedEx network is massive comprised of 680 aircraft, 200,000 vehicles and most importantly our nearly 600,000 dedicated team members around the world. The power of our network is such that FedEx can pick up a shipment in most any one part of the world and deliver to most any other part of the world in a matter of a couple of days. And the distinction between our networks means that each will have the dedicated resources they need to deliver quickly and safely. And it is precisely this part that will be critical in delivering our very important mission at hand, the mission to distribute COVID-19 vaccines. Simply put, a global health crisis of this scale requires a network of our scale to address. This is who we are and what we do. Now, turning to Q2. We delivered strong results across the board. Mike will provide details, but I would like to highlight that we achieved volume, yield and significant profit growth in each of our transportation segments this quarter. These results were largely driven by many of the strategic investments and decisions we have put in place over the last 18 months to address the growing e-commerce market. These include expanding the U.S. Ground residential delivery to every day of the week; integrating SmartPost package volumes into the Ground network to improve density; investing in technologies that enable real-time decisions and optimize the critical last mile; building our network’s capabilities and expanding services to more efficiently handle an increase in large items; and accelerating the expansion of our retail convenience network, the Dollar General, Walgreens, and of course, our own FedEx office locations.  These initiatives increase density, improve last mile efficiency and help us prepare for the peak season. Indeed, Q2 was a critical quarter for FedEx Ground with a combination of many of these foundational initiatives. Now, turning to FedEx Express. They simply had a banner quarter. This record revenue performance is a direct reflection of the global Express team’s laser focus on executing our profitable growth strategy and operational excellence. The TNT physical integration remained on fire, even in shutdowns during the pandemic. We continue to build a strong portfolio, leveraging the benefits of further network integration to pave the way for success in Europe for years to come. And finally, FedEx Freight had another outstanding quarter with the double-digit operating margin. The Freight team remains focused on profitable growth and revenue quality. As we said, the success of Q2 was a direct result of the strategy which we started nearly two years ago, and we are well positioned for the future of FedEx. During our September shareholder meeting, we introduced our new strategic operating principles, which are, compete collectively; operate collaboratively; and innovate digitally. The shift in our operating principles is yet another step in our long-term future-ready strategy. Let me take a moment to talk about each in turn. Compete collectively remains on core. Each FedEx operating company offers unique value proposition and they each play a vital role in delivering on customer expectations. It is when these companies compete collectively under the powerful FedEx brand as we unlock new opportunities for our customers. Brie has already touched on the various ways we’re unleashing value for our customers. And so, I’ll focus on the two new principles, operate collaboratively and innovative digitally. Operate collaboratively is an important and strategic shift for FedEx. While our networks and the expertise that likes within our operating companies are and will remain independent, we are building a holistic collaborative approach to compete in the dynamic market. By operating collaboratively, we help ensure that we have the right package in the right networks at the right costs to serve. We have discussed various examples of collaboration in previous earnings calls, including last mile optimization and FedEx Freight’s ongoing support of FedEx Ground. These are just a couple of ways, we are adapting, collaborating and utilizing different elements of our network to increase efficiency and reduce cost to serve. The final principle, innovative digitally, is how we will deliver the future for our customers, shareholders and team members. The size and scale of our network and the many millions of packages that transfers every day, gives us a bird’s eye view on global supply chains and trends. Beyond our physical infrastructure, it’s the technology that drives our network and generates a significant amount of data. We’re focused on using this data and technology to unlock stronger performance, strengthen customer relationships and drive greater efficiency. Over the recent weeks and months, we have made significant strides on our journey to innovate digitally. First, the formation of FedEx data works and new organizations focused on putting our data into context and using it to transform the digital and physical experience of our customers and team members. Second is a recently announced agreement to acquire ShopRunner. This platform will accelerate our ability to play a larger role in e-commerce by connecting brands and merchants to new shoppers, thus improving online shopping experiences. ShopRunner’s existing customer brand and merchant base, product capabilities and team of professionals will drive significant value as we expand our e-commerce portfolio. This recent digital momentum combined with our ongoing collaboration with Microsoft and the launches of our SenseAware ID and FedEx Surround will allow us to follow immense data we collect to identify new ways to work even smarter. As Fred said, we remain very confident in our strategies and the future of FedEx. With that, let me turn it over to Mike for his inaugural call as the Chief Financial Officer. Mike?
Mike Lenz: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I move into the financials, I’d like to highlight a few points as the new voice on the call. First, I’d like to recognize the legacy of Alan Graf in building the world-class team I now lead and thank him for his leadership and guidance along the way. The values and standards he instilled are an exceptional foundation for me to build upon in the years ahead. Next, I have appreciated the opportunity to meet with many of you on the call today, over the past few years and hear your perspectives. I look forward to continuing that important dialogue and sharing what’s ahead for FedEx, and hopefully with a post-COVID environment becoming more visible, the opportunities to connect will expand in the months ahead.  Finally, I must say how inspiring it has been to see team FedEx in action from my new vantage point. From the executives on this call to the front line team members working tirelessly, as we speak to deliver in this unprecedented environment, it reinforces what we have said before that the strategies we have in place are future-ready and make me truly excited for what lies ahead. Turning to the results. I’m very pleased with our second quarter performance. Second quarter adjusted operating income increased 121% year-over-year, primarily due to international priority volume growth of 32%, continued strong demand for U.S. residential delivery, pricing initiatives, operating margin improvements across all our transportation segments and a $70 million benefit from a reduction in aviation excise taxes provided by the CARES Act. These factors were partially offset by higher costs driven by the package volume surge and expanded service offerings at FedEx Ground, an approximate $215 million year-over-year increase in variable compensation expense, and an approximate $50 million in COVID-19-related costs to ensure the safety of team members and customers. These COVID-19-related costs that we have quantified are limited to increased operating expenses related to personal protective equipment, medical and safety supplies and additional security and cleaning services. And they do not include costs of network contingencies, including additional personnel in place to support our operations through the COVID pandemic. For the quarter, all three of our transportation segments posted strong results. Driven by the strong global volume growth Express revenues increased $1.3 billion. Coupled with solid operational execution, Express generated an adjusted operating margin of 9.1%, up more than 500 basis points, and a record second quarter adjusted operating profit of $943 million. The Ground segment operating margin improved 110 basis points to 7.5% as our strategies to capitalize on the rapid growth of e-commerce continued to advance. The Freight segment earned a stellar 13% operating margin, the second -- the best second quarter margin in 15 years, by focusing on revenue quality and aligning cost to volumes. We incurred a pre-tax noncash mark to market net loss of $52 million related to amendments to the TNT Express Netherlands Pension Plan. Benefits will be frozen and affected employees will begin earning pension benefits under a separate multiemployer defined contribution plan. Our effective tax rate was 12.8% for the second quarter compared to 2.1% in the prior year period. This year’s tax rate was favorably impacted by a tax benefit of $191 million, primarily attributable to favorable depreciation guidance issued by the IRS during the quarter. That compares to the prior year period, which included a tax benefit of $133 million on substantially lower earnings. We ended the quarter with $8.3 billion in cash and equivalents and with $3.5 billion available under our credit facilities. Looking forward, we are not providing a forecast of expected earnings per share for the remainder of fiscal 2021. While current business demand continued to improve in the second quarter, the current rise in COVID-19 cases globally adds significant uncertainty to demand forecasts, as well as operating costs and clouds our ability to forecast full year earnings. However, based on the current trends in our business, we anticipate increased demand to result in higher year-over-year revenue and operating income at FedEx Ground and FedEx Express for the remainder of fiscal 2021. In addition, yield management and improved productivity is anticipated to contribute to revenue and operating income growth at FedEx Freight in FY21. If our current trends continue, we expect higher variable compensation accruals and increased labor costs to be incurred during the remainder of fiscal 2021. In addition, we expect a higher effective income tax rate for the second half of the year versus the first half. During the third quarter, we also expect to see headwinds from aircraft maintenance costs and the end of benefits from the CARES Act. In addition, the third quarter will have one fewer operating weekday versus last year. We incurred $48 million of TNT integration expenses in the second quarter, down from $64 million in the prior year period. We expect the aggregate integration program expense to be $1.7 billion through the completion of the physical network integration of TNT Express into FedEx Express in early calendar 2022. As we approach the completion of the physical network integration in early ‘22, we are evaluating opportunities and pursuing initiatives in addition to the integration to further transform and optimize the FedEx Express international business, particularly in Europe. The cost to the ShopRunner acquisition, which Raj highlighted earlier, will not be material and will be funded with existing cash balances. We expect to complete the transaction this month. We continue to expect our FY21 capital expenditures will total approximately $5.1 billion, which is $800 million lower than last year’s capital spending. While we won’t finalize our FY22 capital spending plan until our fourth quarter, we expect that our FY22 capital spending will increase versus this year. In FY22, we plan to make additional investments in our FedEx Ground network driven by the surge in e-commerce demand. Our CapEx focus remains on strategic investments that will reduce our cost structure, improve our efficiency and increase our capacity to profitably meet market rose demands. I’ll close by reiterating our excitement and confidence in our future as we continue to benefit from our strong tradition in the U.S. and international package and freight markets, yield improvement opportunities and cost management initiatives. And with that, we can turn to the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll go ahead and take our first question from David Ross with Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross: Yes. Thank you very much. Henry, probably a question for you on the Ground side. Insane growth there, and I know that there’s a lot of investments going on to make sure all the packages get delivered. Right now, it’s only showing about a 10% incremental margin, and everybody wants to get back closer to mid-teens. How should we think about everything going on at Ground, the investments weighing on the margin and then the consolidation of SmartPost into Ground, helping the margin as we move over the next couple of years?
Henry Maier: Thanks, David. Well, as Mike said, margins in the second quarter improved to 110 basis points and operating income improved 61% year-over-year. Given the very unique environment leading up to peak, our resource ramp-up looked very different than it had in prior years. Peak preparation expenses were much higher and occurred much earlier than in the past as we anticipated the potential impacts of COVID on resource availability and the timing of customer volume coming into the network. We are and have been -- we have been and continue to be extremely aggressive on the hiring of new package handlers. In fact, we are still onboarding record numbers of package handlers as we speak. We recognize new challenges for service providers and adding drivers and vehicles. So, we pulled the peak settlement rates forward by a number of weeks to better enable their businesses to be ready for peak. All of these things drove higher than normal operating expenses associated with peak preparation than we normally incur in Q2. Merits and accruals for variable comp also affected year-over-year comparables. Investments in preparation for this year’s peak included capacity additions in the shape of six new regional sort facilities, four new automated stations, eight new or expanded large package facilities and expanding more than 50 facilities with additional automation and material handling equipment. A number of these facilities came on line much later this year than it is acceptable than in years past due to permitting and construction delays due to COVID-related shutdowns last spring. In fact, if you think about a regional sort facility, which employs about 500 handlers, the last one came on line the weekend before Thanksgiving, which would have been four to six weeks later than would have been acceptable in any other year. As we stated in the second quarter, we expanded our coverage of seven-day residential service from 60% to 95% of the U.S. population. This expansion required the addition of sorts and automated package processing facilities, as well as the addition of pre-loads that formerly didn’t exist on Sunday in roughly 50 stations. Finally, assuming no significant change in business conditions as we see them today, we expect margin improvement to continue year-over-year in each of the next two quarters. Thanks for your question.
Operator: And we will go ahead and take our next question from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for taking my question. Maybe this one is for Raj or Brie. Can you guys just dig a little bit deeper into the ShopRunner acquisition? Because I think in the prepared comments and also the release tonight, you talked about how you really want to integrate better with retailers and customers on an end-to-end basis. So, is this more about the current user base of ShopRunner or is this offering incentives to the retailers there, or is this even more a play on the technology of the company? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Brandon. Let me start, then I’ll turn it over to Brie. Firstly, just to put it in perspective here, the technology and the talent are very critical components of this, and the fact that the technology platform that connects brands and merchants to consumers is very important. The important thing also is the combination of those capabilities with FedEx’s capability is our physical and digital infrastructure. And we have -- ShopRunner being an established e-commerce platform that directly connects online shoppers with brands and merchants that they love and trust offering member benefits and the seamless checkout, and you combine that together with our goal to create a more open collaborative e-commerce ecosystem that benefits merchants and shoppers. So, we think it’s a great marriage. We think this is going to be very successful as we marry the technology and talent from the ShopRunner, along with our capabilities. I don’t know Brie, you want to add a couple of points there.
Brie Carere: Sure. Thanks Raj. We’re very excited about the ShopRunner acquisition and having Sam and his team join us. We have some interesting product capabilities that I’m not going to be able to share all the details at this point. But, I think, the three things from a go-to-market and a value driver that we see in the very near-term as we’re looking at the ShopRunner acquisition, the first is that we have the logistics capabilities to create greater certainty with the existing ShopRunner offering to consumers. We can work with their brands to make the reality even more efficient on their current offering. Second, with their order catalog and their data visibility into these brands, we can see us stream earlier. This is an incredible advantage from a logistics optimization. Third, when you think about the post-purchase experience, and you can take ShopRunner’s order catalog without post-purchase visibility into transit, we think that we will have a best-in-class post-purchase consumer experience. So, those are the first three things out of the gate, but we’ve got a lot more to come and we’re super excited. Great question.
Operator: And we’ll go ahead and take our next question from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. Looking forward, there are so many cross currents driving really good results in parts of your businesses and challenges and others right now. I was hoping you could talk about some of the FedEx verticals, be they like customer or type of business or product that are really still quite a bit below the pre-COVID baseline and whether or not you’re excited about the recovery in that space, as we dig deeper into next year and the year beyond? Thank you.
Fred Smith: Well, let me start by saying that we are excited about our performance across all our segments of the business this quarter. I mean, it’s just actually very excited to see the progress we’re making here. If we look at -- obviously, the fastest-growing segment is e-commerce. And as we improve the -- continue to improve density and other metrics in our systems and the performance is going to continue to even get better. But to your point, the industrial production and the business segment is just recovering and that there’s upside opportunity here, inventory, the sales ratio is at an all-time low for retail, and it is about six-year low for manufacturing. So as they come back and then the restocking happens over the next few months, that should be an upside to the core business as well. So, we are excited about the progress we have made in the e-commerce space, growing very fast in that space, and the investment that we made is actually filling right into it. At the same time on the international segment, we’re seeing -- we are -- clearly capacity that we provide today is at premium. We expect that advantage to continue. And as businesses continue to recover and the B2B segment comes back, that should be on top of our current trends. So, that’s what we expect. And COVID-19 is choppy in the immediate short term, but the medium term, we’re optimistic about where these trends are going. I don’t know, Brie, if you want to add to that?
Brie Carere: No, I think, you’ve covered. I think, the only other detail that I would add is we’re not quite there yet from a recovery from a B2B perspective. We have seen strong momentum and some early, early signs coming out of Europe. That’s obviously where it’s most important to us from a business mix perspective. And my hat’s off to the European team. They have done some incredible work this year, while their B2B business has not come back. So, that is additive to where we’re at right now for sure.
Operator: And we’ll go ahead and take our next question from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: It’s a great segue to my question, I heard you stating on last call -- last quarter call that you had B2B growth value in August. I was just curious to hear how it has trended since then. And you said, Brie, in Europe -- just if you could differentiate between Europe and U.S. some trends you’re seeing and what you expect? 
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. I’ll start, and we can -- Don and Brie can help me. As we look at the United States, yes, the B2B started to go into positive direction at the beginning of Q2 and it strengthened over the quarter. And as you said, the industrial production has started to lap the pandemic crisis here and then coming back on the other side. Across the world, China is leading the way in terms of economic recovery and manufacturing, and Europe is lagging behind. So, in Europe, we’ve seen growth, but it’s finally driven by B2C. And the B2B is still in the recovering but below pre-pandemic levels. So, Don, do you want to comment on the international segments?
Don Colleran: No, Raj, I think that’s helpful and not a lot to add other than the fact that certainly the optimism comes around the continuing rollout of the vaccines on a global basis, as economies and countries and companies begin to recover and open back up, that’s when we expect to see B2B volume recover. I think, Brie mentioned and you expanded, Raj, as well, we’re beginning to see some signs of life in our European business on the B2B side as well. Only get to the data points, but it certainly introduces some optimism about the revenue growth right now is driven by B2C and B2B continues to improve on a sequential basis certainly that’s additive to the European story.
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Thank you, Don. Brie anything else?
Brie Carere: No, I think, you’ve covered it.
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go ahead and take our next question from Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks. Good evening. Mike, you talked about showing year-on-year margin improvement in the second half on a year-over-year basis. To be fair, the bar’s a little bit low on that. And I was just hoping you could give us a little bit of color around that. Do you think the year-on-year margin expansion accelerates? It was great to see you in the fiscal second quarter for the first time in a long time. But, do you think, as some of the costs subside that were specific to the fiscal second quarter that we might be able to see some acceleration in that year-on-year margin expansion? And just the broader question to Mike, if you could address, the problem for the last several years obviously has been the growth in Ground has been fantastic, but the margins have been impacted negatively as a result of that growth. With pricing initiatives, the yield that you guys are showing, which is incredibly impressive, can we say now that the bottom is it for Ground margins and subsequent quarters should see gains on the back of what we’ve been achieved the last several quarters?
Mike Lenz: Okay. There’s a lot of questions in there. Let me try and just say, look, we certainly highlighted that we are incurring incremental costs and contingencies related to the pandemic and that continues to create uncertainty in our near-term forecasts. But as Henry outlined, we’re very confident about the trajectory of the Ground business and the initiatives we have in place. Just to elaborate a little further, I mentioned that we’re -- we anticipate spending more on capital expenditures in our Ground business from next year. The increase in facilities which -- that would be both, new automated facilities, as well as expansion of existing ones, that’s not the only lever we have and are working on to improve Ground margins and profitability. We also will continue to deploy technology to further enhance that asset productivity, as well as deeper collaboration with our customers to optimize when, where, and how we receive the shipments. So, I’m not going to put a point forecast on things, but we’re trying to paint the picture here for you of all the initiatives and things that are coming together that are going to drive that going forward.
Operator: And we will go ahead and take our next question from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good afternoon. I wanted to see - your Express performance has been very, very impressive. You’re doing a great job capturing the opportunity I think in a variety of measures. One in particular, the strength in national air freight rate, I was just wondering if you could give some kind of help us to think about the magnitude of that and how should we think about that as a potential headwind in the future? Is that something to be concerned about? If you go to back half of -- or if you go into fiscal ‘22 that you might have to give back on that benefit from really high international air freight rates?
Fred Smith: Don, you and Raj want to talk about that or…
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. Let me kick it off and then Don can answer. I think, the point about when the capacity, supply and demand for us to balance is of course, we have to look at that. We feel that as the demand comes back, the capacity will be in shortfall for quite some time, and our FedEx capacity will be at significant premium. And, as Brie pointed out in our remarks there is quite a bit of runway ahead of us in this regard. So, let me turn it over to Don for his comments.
Don Colleran: Thank you, Raj, and thanks for the question. So, let me frame it from a market perspective, and I appreciate the comments on the Express’ team performance, obviously really proud of what we delivered past the last couple of quarters. When we look at the air freight market, obviously the derivative of supply demand and conventional wisdom and market forecast would suggest that we don’t get back to pre-COVID capacity in the marketplace for somewhere in the range of 18 to 24 months. So, if you believe that to be true and we do, I think there is continued reason to be optimistic about the supply and demand situation as it relates to our business going forward. As Raj mentioned, as the vaccines continue to roll out around the globe and economies begin to recover, they’ll recover, I believe at a faster pace than the capacity from the factors in the market. So, my sense is again, we don’t go back to pre-COVID levels in commercial capacity in the marketplace for 18 to 24 months and the economies hopefully begin to recover prior to that, it creates an opportunity from pricing environment. Brie, I am not sure if you want to add to that?
Brie Carere: I think you’ve covered it, Don.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go ahead and take our next question from Jack Atkins with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Hey. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, this one is for Mike. The question is on cash flows, if you don’t mind. There’s been a significant improvement in operating cash flow through the first six months of this year on year-over-year basis. It looks like a good portion of that is from a lower payables. Is that related to the payroll tax accrual holiday related to CARES Act, first of all? And then, I guess more broadly, with an increased focus on CapEx discipline now, do you anticipate being sustainably free cash flow positive moving forward, barring something unforeseen from a macro perspective? Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Jack, the answer to your first question is, two big drivers of that. We made a $1 billion contribution to our pension plan in the first half of last year. And then, you are correct, the deferral of the payroll taxes into the CARES Act shows up there. At this point, the benefit from that we’ve deferred just north of $600 million of payroll taxes under the CARES Act. And those will pay back in calendar ‘21 and ‘22. Look, it remains we are fully focused on improving returns and free cash flow. But I don’t want to get into giving you a forecast at this stage of the game. But, we’re definitely prioritizing that, as well as improving our capital efficiency.
Operator: And we’ll go ahead and take our next question from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi. I was wondering if you could put a little longer term color on Ground margin thoughts, and sort of way -- the higher amount of residential packages that is likely to stay in the system, from here, again, some of the things and opportunities you’re doing around the air ground optimization, bringing the postal business in-house, et cetera. Perhaps if you could just -- obviously a good start on the Ground side and just sort of curious how you think about Ground out over the next year or two and where -- directionally where that could go?
Henry Maier: Hey Jordan, this is Henry there. As I said, we expect margin improvement each of the next two quarters year-over-year. I think, the important thing here is to think about residential is, you got to focus on the transformational initiatives that have been accomplished and the ones that are yet to come. We talked about 7-day year round 95% of the U.S. population. I’ve spoken on this call before about the great route optimization technology we rolled out and put in the hands of our service providers, the in-sourcing SmartPost volume has allowed us to experience a very real return on these strategic investments. For example, we’ve seen a 22% improvement in stops per hour Q2 year-over-year. The average cost per stop has been reduced by 15% year-over-year. And causing our assets to sweat 7-days a week, once again the in-sourcing of SmartPost has allowed us to reduce our fixed cost per package by 9% year-over-year in the quarter. And we’ve also seen a material reduction in miles per stop. These are all of the input cost trends you need to see to win in e-commerce. So, I would tell you that from where we sit, FedEx Ground today, we couldn’t be more positive about the future. You want to take the LMO more question Brie? 
Brie Carere: From an LMO perspective, obviously we’re excited to turn that back on. I think, I covered the percentage of residential that’s already in the network right now. So that remains an upside opportunity. We have gained share consistently over the last 20 years. And we’re very, very optimistic about the future and opportunities. That’s why I continue to share the growth of e-commerce and those numbers, 111 million packages in the market by 2026. There’s some significant room for growth there. So, we’re really excited about the FedEx Ground outlook.
Raj Subramaniam: Can I just add a couple of things here? I mean, as both Henry and Brie said it, the two areas, one is improved density and efficiency. And Henry already gave an evidence of some of those and those -- we expect those trends going forward. And second, this is one, the revenue quality that Brie talked about. So, to look forward, we are optimistic about what Ground can deliver with this increased volume that we get.
Operator: And we’ll go ahead and take our next question from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: So, I want to stick on Ground. Do you think the 7% yields growth sustainable? And maybe since Ground margins aren’t at double digits yet, do you think there’s opportunity to push that Ground yields even further? And then, just with the pricing -- and do you -- I guess directly, do you see the opportunity to get to double-digit margins for a year? Can you get too low-teens margins for a year in Ground? I guess, that’s what everyone’s trying to figure out.
Brie Carere: So, we’re going to continue to execute on our revenue quality strategy. We think that there’s been some fundamental shifts in the market. And you saw the beginning of that this quarter with a 20% increase in our SmartPost products and a 10% increase from a yield and the residential business. We believe surcharges will be a part of our pricing strategy moving forward for e-commerce. They are a necessary part. We also are going to continue to work on our product and our customer segment mix. And what do I mean by that? We are leaning into our home delivery product for growth. It is the best value proposition in the market. No one else can do 7-day. And we expect to continue to get a premium. We also expect that that will continue to drive market share from small and medium customers who cannot move to a local operation. And they really do value the national speed advantage that we have. So, yes, I continue to expect a strong, yield performance for the FedEx Ground portfolio. And we’re confident that we have started to change some industry trends this year.
Mike Lenz: Scott, my crystal ball doesn’t go out much more than six months. So, I’ll stand by my statement about the next two quarters. I am highly confident of double-digit margins. I don’t know whether I want to get into a debate with anybody on this call about teams, so.
Operator: We’ll go ahead and take our next question from Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey. Thanks. Maybe a question for Raj on collaboration. Can you offer any metrics on the degree of collaboration between the segments year-over-year? For example, how much Express volume ran through Ground this quarter versus the year ago period?
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. The over -- we have moved over more than 10 million packages from Express to Ground, primarily. These are primarily -- I mean, these are rural and residential packages that because of e-commerce and the ability for us to have a definite system of lower -- the definite system, more than 10 million packages into the Ground system. In addition, FedEx Freight has done a lot of work for FedEx Ground as well. They’ve driven 40 million miles, up 80% year-over-year. There were 1.5 million packages that Freight has delivered -- handled packages, up more than 435%. There are several such numbers, but the collaboration is very active. And we are making sure that we put the right package in the right network and the right cost to serve.
Duane Pfennigwerth: Thanks. What inning would say we’re in?
Raj Subramaniam: Did you say what inning?
Duane Pfennigwerth: Collaboration, what inning?
Fred Smith: Raj plays cricket.
Raj Subramaniam: There are innings in cricket too. But yes, no, we are just getting started, if that’s what you mean.
Operator: And we will go ahead and take our next question from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry: Thank you. I just want to see if you could give us a little bit more clarity on the increase in Ground CapEx in fiscal ‘22. I mean, I guess, what’s the magnitude of the uptick in spending? And more importantly, I think, you previously talked about not needing to add incremental major pump capacity, given that the growth over the next several years would likely come in shorter than past, and therefore, you could push volumes out to the second tier and satellite facilities and really start to leverage the investments that you’ve made in the stores. So, is that still the right way to think about it, or what’s sort of a nature of the increase in CapEx? So, just wanted to understand any sort of additional details to sort of get sort of clarification on that. Thank you.
Mike Lenz: Hey Allison, it’s Mike. So, I don’t have a specific number to give you on that as we are, as I said, in the midst of formulating our plans and putting it together for FY22. But, unquestionably, the sustainability and acceleration of the e-commerce business that we have seen that everybody has highlighted is here to stay. And Brie spoke of this tremendous shift in the mix of residential business and with not much advanced notice, yet Ground has quickly adapted, adjusted and was able to increase margins. So, that’s a testament to the execution of the team on all fronts, the commercial teams, the operational teams. So, that volume is going to keep coming. So, it’s essential that we do invest in certain assets going forward, but it’s not going to be the same nature and configuration as you might historically have considered it. So, I mentioned, it’s facilities, it’s technology, it’s how we work with customers. But I’ll let Henry elaborate a little bit more on just kind of the nature of the facilities and how that works, so you have a better sense of it.
Henry Maier: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Allison, I think, the way you should think about this is we’re going to invest much more heavily on the edge of our business, which is the last mile space. So, if you think about this, our focus is going to be on much smaller automated satellites and stations, regional sortation facilities, which, if you’re not aware, sort about 12,000 to 15,000 packages an hour. They tend to be inbound only so that we can process direct loaded volume from large retailers. They are much less costly to build and operate because what we do is we go in and we modify an existing building. And we are able to get these up much quicker. In fact, the time to get them up and running is measured in months instead of years, like some of the bigger construction projects we’ve had. They’re solely designed for the sortation of regional packages. And I think when you think about regional, you should think about overnight mainly. And one of the great advantages they have is that they can serve as a relief valve for spillover sortation at peak. There is a lot of other levers we can pull here. The ideal situation for us is to be able to load direct van, not have to go through a destination facility. We’re investing heavily in technology tools that will give us the ability to do that. There’s a lot of things we do, particularly this time of year at peak with mobile docs and annexes and the ability to waive dispatch and run dual pre loads in facilities that allow us to dual use facilities when volume is at the level it is now that don’t require us to invest in the traditional brick and mortar. Now, all that being said, we’re always going to have brick and mortar in our business, but many of the transformational initiatives I’ve talked about are intended to give us better real-time information about what’s coming so we can make decisions that reduce our input costs. The main area would be re-handles so that we can bypass the brick and mortar facility altogether and load right to a vehicle that’s going to go deliver those packages in the neighborhood. So, I hope that answers your question.
Raj Subramaniam: And Allison, that’s density yet again. You’ve heard us say it numerous times, but that is density and how we manage that yet again.
Operator: And we’ll go ahead and take our next question from Brian Ossenbeck with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Yes. Thanks. Good evening. So, another one for you, Henry. Can you just talk about peak season costs, how they came in versus expectation? It sounds like you had to make a few adjustments obviously with everything that’s happened. So, it feels like you’re well suited to handle the rest of peak and the returns after that. And then, maybe you can just give us an update on -- I think last call, you were talking about maybe needing to shift some customers over to the weekend, possibly incentivizing them to change their behavior a little bit. I imagine that’s probably not the case anymore, but if you can give us an update on that too, I’d appreciate it.
Henry Maier: Okay. I’ll take the first part, and then, I’ll let Brie take the second. But, let me talk about peak. First of all, we haven’t actually had a conversation about that. And since we’re in the midst of it, let me begin by saying I couldn’t be prouder of the Ground team and what they’ve been able to accomplish this year, just like about everything else in 2020, which has been an extraordinary year. Peak this year has been pretty extraordinary. All the things I talked about in terms of investments, resources, capacity, are all really driving one of the best peak seasons we’ve ever had, in spite of COVID and all the other challenges we’ve had in this business. On average, FedEx Ground is delivering 25% to 30% of the volume a day early, and the average package spends about 2.4 days in the network in terms of transit, which is faster than last year, in spite of the volume and the challenges I outlined. I think, the issues this year on the cost side were timing and a lot of unknowns. I talked about the building -- the facilities came on much later this year because most governments were shut down for two months. So, we couldn’t get permitting that really slowed the time line here. And even though our property and engineering team did a fabulous job in the race to the finish line here to get them up and running, facilities came on a lot later this year than normal. In terms of the resources, particularly in the case of handlers, I would just say two things. When you bring on resources at the rate we’re bringing them on, they are not very efficient. It takes time for these people to be taught their job. And there’s this ramp-up of 2, 3, 4 weeks it takes for a handler to learn their job. And once again, I mean, we’ve got a sizable portion of the handler workforce that is not as productive as they could be. I think, I said on the call at the end of Q1 that our facilities are not designed for social distancing. So, out of an abundance of caution in keeping safety above all in our business, we’ve got a staff and man these buildings in such a way that we can keep our people safe while they’re at work. The unintended outcome of that is, is that we don’t get the desired or engineered throughput through all these buildings we would in the time pre-COVID. So, those are the things that are probably most material to the cost side of this. As I said, also in the earlier question, we pulled peak settlement for our service providers forward because we knew they were going to have challenges with the recruitment of drivers. And we recognized early on that vehicles were in short supply. Once again, automotive manufacturing plants were shut down for two or three months. And new and used vehicles in the market right now are almost impossible to find. That meant that rental vehicles had to be procured much earlier and with commitments that were much longer than normal. And we made adjustments to settlement in those situations to try to defray some of the costs for our service providers. Finally, let me just say one last thing. Our ISPs have done an unbelievable job this year at peak. I’ve lost track for the number of days we’ve had peak package delivery days, peak stop days, et cetera, and they have stepped up every step of the way this year. And I would reinforce again that the ability and flexibility of those small businesses to make decisions on the fly based on local conditions and the data we push to them about what their delivery is going to look like the next day, there’s nothing short of unprecedented and is truly a differentiator in our business.
Brie Carere: And to answer the second half of your question, I think, Jill Brannon and her sales team have just done an incredible job leveraging our weekend capacity. The incentive is, you use the weekend or you lose the capacity. And that has worked. Do we have opportunity? Yes, I believe we have incremental opportunity to further improve the productivity and density on the weekend. But again, we have created a peak capacity strategy that does require customers to pulse their volume more equally throughout the week. And our best largest customers are doing just that with us. They’ve been great partners and I think they’ll continue to see us do a good job of out of peak moving forward.
Operator: And we’ll go ahead and take our next question from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Allison Poliniak: Hey. Good morning. So, just to follow on that question, just you’re going back to that and working with your retailers to better balance the peak. I guess, one, was there a noticeable, I would say, pull forward about some of those volumes in November that was noticeable to you? And it sounds like those volumes are -- you’re seeing some level of operational balance in December in terms of the peak. Any incremental color you can give there?
Brie Carere: Sure. We really were hoping to change shopping behavior, and we really didn’t see that to be completely honest. We have seen, as a result, I think there’s far more awareness from consumers of the unprecedented year we’re having. What we did see is the ground team and the sales team did such a great job educating the merchant and the customer that we saw a lot better planning. And as a result, we saw volume, and we are seeing volume earlier in the Express network. So, it was successful and that we were able to move some of the higher value e-commerce into the Express network. And we have been successful in smoothing day of week within Henry’s network. We were not successful in getting all consumers to shop before the cyber weekend. So, that remains a goal, let’s just say.
Operator: And we’ll go ahead and take our next question from David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey. Good afternoon. Brie, I wanted to follow up on that topic around sort of collaboration, right? You’re reporting some pretty healthy rate increases on the B2C side, 20% for market, 10% for the residential. How is the discussion going with retailers at this stage? Are they accepting this as take it or leave it, or how are they thinking about your product in the context of pretty significant rate increases. And as you think about the negotiations with them going forward, are they being more willing to participate with you on things like your process, day a week injection, that kind of stuff that will help you kind of build a deeper relationship on the customer side?
Brie Carere: I would say, in general, the conversations have gone very well. The largest and most successful retailers in the U.S., they understand how important FedEx Logistics is to -- quite frankly to their growth strategy. And so, I think we’ve had some tremendous success. I do want to be clear on the SmartPost. It was about trading out as well. That’s a big part of the strategy. So, the customers that understand the value we bring, they’ve been great partners, and that’s enabled us to move forward. And for those who don’t value our speed and our differentiated value proposition, as you can see in our growth numbers, there were lots of customers who did value that. So, it’s not a one-size-fits-all. But overall, I would say that the team has done a great job and that come January, we’ve already had a -- we have a full -- Jill’s calendar for January is full as she moves into peak planning for next year, and I think this year has set new precedence for many years to come.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn meeting back over to Mr. Foster for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation’s second quarter earnings conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much. Bye.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today’s conference. We do appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect your phone lines.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-09-16 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn things over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. The first quarter Form 10-Q earnings release and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about one year.  Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Raj Subramaniam, President and Chief Operating Officer; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Brie Carere, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer; Don Colleran, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and John Smith, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. After our Q&A session today, Fred and Alan will have some additional comments. And now Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. First and foremost, my sincere thanks goes to our team members for their outstanding and ongoing efforts to respond to COVID-19 challenges. At FedEx, keeping the world connected in good times and during periods of great needs, is who we are and what we do every day. With safety as our first priority, we have worked tirelessly to keep the world’s industrial, healthcare, and at home supply chains flowing during the pandemic.  Detailed planning is underway at FedEx to distribute vaccines at scale worldwide once approved. Our earnings growth underscores the importance of our business initiatives and investments over the last several years. In many ways, the world has accelerated to meet our strategies and we remain very confident in the future of FedEx.  This will be Alan Graf’s last earnings call and we are very, very grateful for his more than 40 years of dedicated service. Alan has been a part of every significant decision and helped navigate tremendous growth, strategic investments, international acquisitions, and global and market change. FedEx would not be the globally admired corporation it is today without Alan’s leadership.  Mike Lenz will assume the role of CFO beginning 22 September and Alan will remain the Senior Advisor until the end of December. At the end of this call, I will ask Alan to say a few words.  I would also like to thank John Edwardson, who is retiring from the FedEx Board of Directors for his wise counsel and more than 17 years of service. Our Board of Directors has approved resolutions of appreciation for both Alan and John that provide in greater detail their invaluable contribution to FedEx’s success.  I will share the highlight of these at the 21 September Shareholders Meeting and the resolutions themselves will be posted on our Investor Relations website.  Let me now ask Brie, Raj and Alan to provide their comments, after which we will take your questions. Brie? 
Brie Carere: Thank you, Fred. Good afternoon, everyone. The economic outlook remains uncertain due to the continued impact of COVID-19 around the world. Until a vaccine is available globally, and the virus is contained, forecasting economic recovery remains challenging.  In the U.S., spending that would normally have gone into services has shifted towards goods with goods spending boosted further by pent-up demand. Retail sales are growing again year-over-year and ecommerce is building at holiday levels and of course, more to come on that in a moment. The service sector is severely impacted by the pandemic and higher employment rates continues to weigh on growth.  Outside of the U.S., recovery has taken hold as well as coronavirus-related restrictions have been loosened. Manufacturing output is improving off the April low and trade activity is on the [moment] [ph]. Trade – global trade volumes which declined 10% in the first half of calendar year 2020 have resumed sequential growth.  However, given the depth of the downturn, we expect global GDP and trade growth on a year-over-year basis to remain negative for the remainder of this calendar year. There are two trends that have had substantial impact on our industry and showcase FedEx’s incredible value proposition. The first key trend is the dramatic reduction of air cargo capacity as a result of the significant loss of commercial airline capacity.  Current estimates indicate that freighter capacity now accounts for 66% of total air capacity on the Transatlantic lane, 83% on the Transpacific and 80% on the Europe to Asia lane. This compares to pre-COVID freighter capacity of 33% for Transatlantic, 59% for Transpacific and 50% for Europe to Asia. FedEx Express is incredibly well positioned to benefit from a constrained air capacity market.  We’ve experienced elevated demand, enabling both the expansion of existing customer relationships and the development of new customer relationships. Ultimately, we believe this is an opportunity to disintermediate traditional freight forwarders’ commercial relationships.  Internationally, demand was the strongest on the Asia Transpacific lane with lower percentage of PPE shipments month-over-month. Europe’s demand continues to be driven by the growth of ecommerce. The international team has done an excellent job managing demand and mix. As you will note, our premium international priority package volumes were up 31% year-over-year.  We continue to monitor the airfreight pricing environment and airfreight yields remains strong. We are renegotiating base contracts to better reflect current market conditions and to establish longer-term commitments.  The second and perhaps more profound trend is the acceleration of ecommerce. Pre-COVID, we projected that the U.S. domestic market would hit a 100 million packages per day by calendar year 2026. We now project that the U.S. domestic parcel market will hit this mark by calendar year 2023 pulling volume projections forward by three years from the previous expectation.  Ecommerce fueled substantially by this pandemic is driving the extraordinary growth. In fact 96% of the U.S. growth is expected to come from ecommerce. While ecommerce as a percentage of total retail has declined from its apex in April, it remains elevated. Ecommerce as a percentage of total retail for Q2 calendar year 2020 is estimated at 21% compared to 15% in Q2 calendar year 2019.  We have built a strong portfolio of ecommerce services and digital solutions that offer the best value proposition in the market with best in industry yields. In the United States, FedEx is unsurpassed when it comes to our ability to make residential deliveries, seven days a week year round to optimize network capacity and enhance the customer experience. Sunday coverage now reaches nearly 95% of the U.S. population.  And as I have mentioned on previous calls, returns reinforces the integral value proposition of FedEx services and ecommerce, while increasing commercial business. Returns drives ecommerce volume into our retail channels. In the first two months of fiscal year 2021, more than 50% of Express and Ground returns were [centered at] [ph] retail increasing from 44% for the same period last year.  In August, we completed the Dollar General expansion. FedEx has more than 27,000 staff locations with 92% of the U.S. population now living within five miles of a FedEx pickup or drop off location. Our vast network and proximity to consumers provides small and medium ecommerce merchants with the buy online pickup in store convenience without the brick and mortar expense.  FedEx delivery manager enrollments increased more than 60% in fiscal year 2020 and today FDM enrollees are interacting with deliveries more than they ever have before. As we look ahead to peak, we believe ecommerce will keep volumes elevated and it will be a record-breaking peak. We are prepared for what we are calling the shipathon and we are warmed up and we are ready to deliver.  As we prepare for a peak like no other, we continue to be very focused on revenue quality, while ensuring we are providing our customers with the best service possible during this challenging time. We will be implementing several peak surcharges to ensure that we are covering the increased cost of delivering shipments and those customers who are consuming the largest proportion of capacity in our network are charged accordingly.  These peak surcharges will help us manage increased demand while maintaining strong levels of service for our entire base of customers. We are collaborating with our largest ecommerce customers to leverage capacity and to develop creative solutions to smooth out demand spikes during the peak season. We are working diligently to protect our small and medium customers from the impact of most peak surcharges to ensure that their nascent recovery continues to grow post-COVID.  The small and medium customer segment was our fastest growing segment with high double-digit revenue growth in the quarter and FedEx continues to champion and support their recovery.  Finally, as we prepare for vaccine distribution, we believe the most critical attributes needed to tackle the size and scale of this monumental supply chain initiative are visibility, extensive temperature control and intervention capabilities. That’s why we were thrilled to announce the launch of FedEx SenseAware ID yesterday.  SenseAware ID is the latest and next-generation sensor-based proprietary FedEx technology, which provides enhanced package visibility for shipments using a compact sensor that transmits location every two seconds. SenseAware ID will initially be applied to first overnight shipments within the U.S. domestic express network and is eventually planned to include other premium services.  We believe this innovation as a critical safe feature to the anticipated vaccine distribution efforts and the continued movement of lifesaving pharmaceuticals and medical supplies. Beyond healthcare, we are confident this innovation will attract customers and other high value industries such as aerospace.  With that, I will turn it over to Raj for his remarks. 
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Brie and good afternoon. Let me start by first echoing Fred’s sentiments about the valiant efforts of our team members during this historic time. We are exceptionally proud and grateful of our FedEx team members who worked diligently each day to deliver the proper promise, especially in the midst of the ongoing global pandemic. Thank you team FedEx for your commitment and dedication during this dynamic time.  FedEx has nearly 50 years of experience flexing our networks to stay ahead of what’s next. Over the past couple of years, we have launched a number of strategic initiatives to directly address ecommerce opportunities.  To recap, this includes, expanding U.S. Ground residential delivery to every day of the week; integrating smart post package volume into the Ground network; investing in technologies that enable real-time decisions and optimize virtually all aspects of our operation; building our network’s capabilities to more efficiently handle and increase large items such as furniture, exercise equipment and TVs; offering the FedEx’s first FedEx branded Through The Door Service which moves larger bulker items into customers’ homes and businesses and accelerating the expansion of our retail convenience networks with Dollar General, Walgreens, and our own FedEx office locations.  While our strategy did not change, the timing certainly did. The growth that we expected to see over a period of three to five years happened in a period of three to five months. Our strong financial results in the quarter are largely driven by the excellent execution of our aforementioned future ready strategy, coupled with the acceleration of ecommerce trends.  We are also happy to note that our B2B volumes across the segments have continued to steadily improve over the summer with Ground B2B average daily volume in August exceeding prior year levels.  As we look to Q2, we enter what we expect to be a peak holiday shipping season like no other in our company’s history. We are working closely with our customers and building solutions to enable them to succeed. We are also adding more than 70,000 positions in key markets across the United States. New and expanded Ground facilities planned prior to peak will provide additional strategic capacity including six regional sortation facilities each strategically located to provide short-haul solutions for large retailers.  Four new automated stations, eight new or expanded large package facilities and 50 existing facilities are being expanded with additional material handling equipment and automation. Additionally, we are optimizing the use of our existing capacity through seven day a year in the U.S. operations, expanding and adding sorted dozens of facilities and repurposing SmartPost facilities for Ground package sortation.  Many elements of the Ground transformation are on track for completion this fall, positioning us to improve last mile efficiency as we serve the rapidly growing residential market. As of this month, our route optimization technology is available to service providers operating out of 95% of our facilities and Sunday residential delivery is available to nearly 95% of the U.S. population.  SmartPost integration will be completed next month thus increasing density and driving down our cost to serve as Ground residential volume is sorted and delivered in one network this holiday season.  Now turning to FedEx Express. Q1 mark a historic start to fiscal year 2021 driven by strong revenue trends globally and relentless execution of our ongoing strategic initiatives. With air capacity at a premium, we are positioning our assets towards our most profitable customers to enhance our revenue quality.  We continue to pursue actions to further transform and optimize the FedEx Express international business particularly in Europe including expansion of our ecommerce capabilities. The rationale for the TNT acquisition remains sound and the benefits will accelerate as we complete full network integration over the next 18 months. We expect to complete the final phase of international air network interoperability in early calendar 2022.  The acquisition of TNT provides us with a strong portfolio that we can build on compete with in Europe. Having said that, we clearly understand that there is a significant opportunity ahead of us to improve our performance in the region. Our European team is hard at work to execute that mission.  Let me also take this opportunity to highlight FedEx Freight for delivering outstanding results this quarter including record quarterly operating income and the highest operating margins since fiscal year 2006. These results reflect Freight’s commitment to profitable growth and revenue quality, a laser focus on safety and the ability to manage the network to volume levels.  Collaboration between operating companies reached historic levels in Q1. Last mile optimization which allows us to flex our network to reduce cost increased delivery density for residential and rural packages has successfully launched in 57 origin market. FedEx Freight has provided more than 20 million miles of road and intermodal support and delivered more than 750,000 non-conveyable shipments for FedEx Ground so far in fiscal year 2021.  To put this in perspective, Freight had never delivered a Ground package before May of this year. The support in Q1 alone far exceeds the less than one million miles that Freight had provided Ground throughout fiscal year 2019. And our FedEx Logistics and FedEx Express operating companies continue to work together to secure air charges for customers in the U.S.  Before I close, I’d like to circle back to Brie’s comments about yesterday’s launch of SenseAware ID and the value our sensor-based technology brings to the healthcare industry. We recognize that shipping vaccines is complex and critical work. The FedEx network is well positioned to handle these shipments with our temperature control solutions, real-time monitoring, intervention capabilities and of course our unparalleled network.  Today, we have more than 90 cold chain facilities across the Americas, Asia, Australia and Europe and plan to open additional facilities in the coming years. Simply put, FedEx is the transportation and logistics provider with the network, technology and knowhow to distribute vaccines when they are ready.  Let me close by making three broad points. Number one, everyone is of course aware of the value, our global network provide to the movement of the industrial economy highlighted with such clarity by the healthcare sector in recent times. It is now also abundantly clear the critical role that our industry plays in the growth of ecommerce.  Number two, within our industry, the FedEx portfolio is becoming increasingly differentiated. And number three, our foundation is solid and I am confident that the best years for FedEx are ahead of us.  Now, before I hand it over, let me also add my sincere thanks and appreciation to Alan for his more than 40 years of service to FedEx and incredibly almost 30 years as CFO. His contributions to FedEx are legendary and on a personal note, I have certainly benefited from his wisdom and counsel especially during the past 18 months.  So now let me turn it over to Alan B. Graf for his final quarterly earnings remarks as Chief Financial Officer of FedEx Corporation. Alan? 
Alan Graf: Well, thank you very much, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. I am very proud of our first quarter performance. Adjusted operating margin improved 240 basis points year-over-year to 8.5% as FedEx Express adjusted operating income more than doubled and adjusted margin improved 390 basis points.  FedEx Ground operating income increased 30% despite a significant mix shift to residential delivery. And FedEx Freight operating income increased 41% despite a 9% decline in average daily shipments.  All totaled, our first quarter adjusted operating income increased 56% year-over-year primarily due to international priority volume growth of 31%, a surge in demand for U.S. residential delivery, yield improvement at FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight, a $130 million benefit from an additional operating day, a $65 million benefit from a reduction in aviation excise taxes provided by the Cares Act and a better alignment of our expenses, especially at FedEx Freight.  These factors were partially offset by higher cost driven by the package volume surge and expanded service offerings at FedEx Ground, increased variable compensation expense, and an approximate $100 million in COVID-19 related cost to ensure the safety of team members and customers.  Variable compensation expense increased $195 million year-over-year with approximately half of the increase due to a reversal of long-term incentive plan accruals in the prior year period. Our effective tax rate was 22.5% for the first quarter compared to 25.2% in the prior year period. This year’s tax rate was favorably impacted by changes in our corporate, legal entity structure and increased earnings in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions.  We ended the quarter with $7 billion in cash and cash equivalents and with $3.5 billion available under our credit facilities. Last month, we issued $970 million of pass-through certificates with a fixed interest rate of less than 2%.  The certificates are secured by 19 Boeing 767 and 777 aircrafts. This transaction provides us additional liquidity flexibility as we move forward and affirms the availability of financing in the cargo aircraft market despite the uncertainties and unprecedented disruption in commercial aviation.  Looking forward, we are not providing a forecast of expected earnings per share for fiscal 2021. While business demand improved in the first quarter, continued uncertainties cloud our ability to forecast full year earnings. However, based on the current trends in our business, we anticipate increased demand to result in higher revenue and operating income at FedEx Ground and FedEx Express for the remainder of fiscal 2021.  In addition, yield management and improved productivity is anticipated to contribute to revenue and operating income growth at FedEx Freight in FY 2021. If our current trends continue, we expect certain expenses, including higher variable incentive compensation accruals and increased supplies and other cost related to the COVID-19 pandemic to remain headwinds in fiscal 2021.  We incurred $49 million in TNT integration expenses in the first quarter, down from $71 million last year. We expect to incur approximately $175 million of TNT integration expenses this fiscal year. The aggregate TNT integration expense is still expected to be approximately $1.7 billion through the completion of our physical network integration in FY 2022.  Our FY 2021 capital expenditure forecast has increased slightly to $5.1 billion driven by additional capacity initiatives to support increased volume levels. The new forecast is $800 million lower than last year’s capital spending.  I’ll conclude by reemphasizing that we expect to continue to benefit from our strong position in the U.S. and international package and freight markets, yield improvement opportunities and cost management initiatives.  Now the operator can begin the Q&A session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll hear first today from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. 
Tom Wadewitz : Yes. Good afternoon. And Alan, congratulations again. Great career, and well, what a way to sign off at such a strong quarter. The – let’s see, I wanted to ask how you think about the trends in the business in terms of were there some things that you think fell off in the quarter or fall off or do you think the performance in Express Ground from a revenue and margin perspective are likely to continue and we got to forecast earnings kind of accordingly?
Alan Graf: Tom, thanks for your kind comments and I appreciate them. I will say this, knowing that I was going to get a couple of forecast questions, I did worked really hard this time to give you two howevers and reemphasize in my opening remarks. And I would think if you would go back to those, that’s about as good as you are going to get from me today.  Mike Lenz is probably going to be in the same boat in December as I am today with all these uncertainties. It’s just really too difficult to say, but I did say, if current trends continue that we’d improve our operating incomes at all three of the major opcos in 2021. 
Tom Wadewitz : Okay. I mean, was there anything that was one-time this kind of any quarter or not? 
Alan Graf: Well, fortunately for me, I had planned years in advance to have one extra operating day this quarter when I knew I was leaving. But other than that nothing. 
Operator: We’ll hear next from Jack Atkins with Stephens. 
Jack Atkins: Great. Good afternoon. Congratulations on a great quarter and Alan let me echo Tom’s congratulations on your retirement. I guess, it’s one for Raj, but I want to appreciate Brie’s thoughts as well, the pulling forward of your 2026 domestic growth expectations forward by three years to 2023 indicates to me that what you are seeing is more than sustainable. So my question is, when you think about your Express, your Ground, your Freight networks, where do they sit today in terms of capacity utilization? How do you think about balancing the need to remain capital disciplined and upgrading your revenue on one hand versus the desire to grow and participate in such a strong market tailwind on the other hand? 
Raj Subramaniam: Let me start first and then Brie can add to it. Clearly, we think the same thing. I think the market – the ecommerce market is large and it’s growing and the growth has accelerated as pull forward by three years. And so, that’s clear now. The second thing that’s clear is the value that FedEx provides to the growth of ecommerce. We work strategically with the several of retailers around the world and then particularly in the U.S. to provide the solutions.  So we are – when you hear of stories about ecommerce growth across different retailers, you can bet that FedEx is behind those stories. And thirdly, we are going to be very disciplined in how we manage capital and our revenue quality going forward. But we are most importantly working to provide the best solution possible for our customers working hand-in-hand to be creative in solutions for the ecommerce while working strategically with them. Brie? 
Brie Carere: Really not much to add. The only thing I want to say is Henry and I are lock step. We are trying to thread that needle of improving quality but also again a reminder, we keep talking about Sunday as a delivery advantage from a customer perspective.  It’s also an incredible advantage from a capacity perspective and we are strategically leveraging that partnering with customers who can pull volume forward into the weekend. And I really don’t think that that has been factored in previously and customers understand this and it’s a huge strategic advantage going into this peak and several peaks in advance. 
Fred Smith: Brie, there is another one, why don’t you take it. We just hand it to you there. 
Brie Carere: Sure. I’ve also got a question about Walmart new subscription service, Walmart Plus. So, I can’t talk a lot about the relationship. Obviously, it’s one we value very much. It’s strategic. It’s long-term and we are committed to growing with them. We have a very healthy partnership there. We are very excited about it.  There is also some questions here about same day. I want to highlight as we think about the market growing, the market is essentially going to double in size by 2026. So, when I give those numbers, I think that’s the other that’s been lost as the market is going to double by 2026.  Same day from an ecommerce perspective remains a very tiny percentage of the market. So we continue to be focused on the remainder of the market but we are very excited about our partnership with Walmart. 
Fred Smith: I should note when you talk about the seven day network, it’s not only capacity and the advantages that Raj and Brie mentioned, it also is very cost-effective, because it spreads the fixed cost across many more units. 
Operator: Chris Wetherbee with Citi. 
Chris Wetherbee : Yes. Hey. Thanks. Good afternoon. I guess, I wanted to ask about sort of the pricing strategy going forward. So, surcharges are coming in and it appears you are having some deep impact long yields, particularly on the Ground side, as you think about sort of the meaning the next six months or so, how you might pack sort of the pricing opportunity? How much do you think comes through the surcharges?  Do we have the risk of being a little bit more temporary and how much can you [indiscernible] and longer term contracts [indiscernible] through the next [indiscernible]? 
Brie Carere: So, I think everybody is aware, from a domestic perspective, we put in our surcharges on June 8th. That was in the $0.30 and the $0.40 for SmartPost. The $0.30 being for the residential surcharges. We have announced that we had to increase those surcharges as we head into peak. The oversize portfolio will increase in early October and then we will increase our holiday surcharges from November through to January 17th.  So surcharges are certainly an important part of our revenue quality. But I would say that they are one piece of that. We have actively had conversations with our top-25 and now moving to our top-100 customers. And we’ve got a multi-tiered strategy here. As I talked about earlier, we are rewarding customers that can pull volume forward.  We are rewarding customers that can integrate their supply chain that are open to longer term contracts. And of course, from a capacity perspective, we are no longer just taking inbound forecast. We are working with customers and we are having kind of a balanced conversation between base yields, surcharges and capacity management.  So it’s a multi-tiered strategy. Most importantly, we are planning for the long-term. We want strategic relationships. We want to partner with customers that are going to win in the market and we think we are doing a really good job of that. My hats off to the sales team because they have just done an excellent job with this. 
Operator: We’ll move next to Allison Landry with Credit Suisse. 
Allison Landry : Thanks. Good afternoon. So, your main competitors signal that SG&A could be a big focus for cost reduction and maybe as we take broadly at FedEx is a real cost structure, do you also see opportunities to lower SG&A? In other words, what are some of the incremental cost opportunities that you have going forward beyond the TNT integration, SmartPost integration, et cetera that we might be able to think about in terms of margin improvement going forward. Thank you. 
Alan Graf: Allison, I think we’ve done a really good job with SG&A. Obviously, one of the headwinds is a good one is that we are able to pay additional incentive compensation to our teammates for the great job those are doing versus what we’ve been able to do in the past. I think our SG&A is structured such that, we can grow very rapidly with very little addition to our SG&A going forward. We are becoming much more productive.  I even have [bought some] [ph] of the accounting department. I am very excited about where we stand in that regard. We’ll continue to work very hard on productivity and density and stops per hour. Our new airplanes providing us greater reliability and lower cost, almost any way that you can measure it and those will continue.  So, I think that that we’re rigged for not only great pricing and revenue performance but also cost performance going forward. 
Operator: And from Goldman Sachs, we’ll move to Jordan Alliger. 
Jordan Alliger : Yes. Hi, Alan. Congratulations on your retirement. Alan, on your retirement. My question is on margin seasonality. Realizing this is not a particularly typical year, would you anticipate though sort of typical ebb and flow of Ground and Express margins as we move through the quarters from here or what would be something that alters the normal patterns? 
Alan Graf: I would say that the history is probably not as good a predictor of this year as it otherwise has been. You are right about normally, our summer is our weaker and our fourth quarter is our stronger. But the acceleration of the traffic that we may be able to handle this quarter was so much bigger than a year ago as to be almost unbelievable. We are in COVID hit. Obviously we took some hits. So it’s going to be spotty and I’ll stand on my two howevers in my reemphasizes as the rest of my forecast. 
Operator: We’ll move on to Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI. 
Duane Pfennigwerth: Hey. Thanks so much for the time. A question for you on Europe. Some of the investors we spoke with, we are looking for better quantification of what a turn in Europe could be worth. Can you speak to how much TNT is holding back Express margins currently? And maybe can you frame the opportunity for profit improvement in Europe?
Raj Subramaniam: Let me start and then I’ll give it to Don Colleran for his comments. Obviously, we are not going to be able to quantify the level that you like. However, we are – clearly, that’s our biggest opportunity ahead of us and the international market is to make sure that we performed better in Europe. I think the integration activities of TNT have gone apace and we are in a position now to take advantage of the portfolio that we have to do exactly that.  Just to remind you, before TNT acquisition, we were heavily intercontinental light due to Express and Intra European Express we were good. But we were never present in Intra European ground or the domestic markets now we do and so this portfolio is going to stand us in good stead. And we believe there is a good opportunity ahead of us and the team is very focused on executing against that plan. Don? 
Don Colleran: Thanks, Raj. A couple comments. One about Express and I’ll quickly get to what our plans are in Europe. First I want to thank and recognize the amazing Express unit, men and women of that team had put together a fantastic first quarter. Greatly supported wonderfully by our commercial partners and sales, marketing, IT that really made the quarter the historic look that it is.  However, at Express is a culture knowingly one said, we have moved on to quarter two. We’ve got our head down and we are focused on peak season planning, as well as hoping that a vaccine is around the corner and where you uniquely position as Raj said earlier to handle that with our global network. When you think about Europe though, you need to think about what Raj said earlier.  We are essentially where we told the street we would be in terms of our transformation, integration by April 2022 where it will be hopefully be fully integrated on the air side. But we have really solid plans for our European team. We have an excellent team on the ground that’s supported by amazing team globally.  And as we are in our rest of our units and regions, we are focused on execution and just if you watch the team execute on these plans, they are solid and they have a track record of making things happen how we expect that to be the chase in Europe as well. 
Operator: We’ll move on to Scott Group with Wolfe Research. 
Scott Group : Hey. Thanks. Afternoon guys. And best of luck in retirement, Alan. So, I wanted to ask if the – we get into peak season, does the ground network have the capacity to maintain 30% volume growth and through peak. And then, Express yields were still down year-over-year with all the pike in strategies going on. Do we see opportunity for – when Express yields increases? 
Henry Maier: Scott, this is Henry Maier. We’ve been operating at peak since March. So the stepping off point for peak this year is frankly not as much as it’s been in years past. It’s important to point out here some of the things that have already been said, we are operating a seven day network, every day of the week year round.  We will have SmartPost fully integrated into the Ground network by peak, which allows us to repurpose 28 former SmartPost facilities for large and small package operations and ground sortation and I might add that’s pretty cheap capacity to get. We are running much higher yielding packages through than we have in the past.  And as Fred pointed out, better asset utilization, lower fixed cost across the whole network. In addition, you saw the announcement on 70,000 new hires for peak. That’s on top of a historic number of employees at FedEx Ground right now. Our service providers have stepped up and hired tens of thousands of new drivers since all of this began back in March.  We are adding six regional sort facilities, four new automated stations. We have about 50 projects underway which include expansion of additional automated sortation capabilities and material handling and then all the other things that we typically do at peak in terms of being able to squeeze additional capacity out of the network for a fairly short period of time.  So, we are highly confident that we are going to have a great peak this year. It’s going to be busy, but nevertheless, I would say that the Ground team is ready. 
Brie Carere: Let me take the international yield question. So I think most important to understand is that if you look at the yield, half of the impact for both Domestic, Express, as well as International Express with fuel, when you strip out the fuel impact, there was pressure from a weight per package perspective and the growth of ecommerce led by growth when we’re very excited about this growth.  Europe outbound from an ecommerce perspective. That being said, we are doing a really good job partnering with Don and his team on density and the yields per pound is up significantly. So you can’t just look at international Express yields quite frankly just at the shipment level.  You’ve got to look at yield per pound and overall from a network perspective total Express yield per pound is up 11% year-over-year. So we feel really good about the overall performance from a yield perspective with those things taking into consideration. 
Operator: From Wells Fargo, we’ll move next to Allison Poliniak. 
Allison Poliniak: Hi, guys. Good evening. I am sort of keeping on Ground, nice incremental operating leverage within that business. Raj, you had talked a little bit about, some obviously, some more incremental opportunity out there. But as you look at that business today, would you think longer term, is there anything structural that would hinder you guys getting back to sort of a mid-teen operating margin level in that business? 
Raj Subramaniam: Firstly, the most important thing about the network that we have provided with the ground is the better value proposition in the marketplace that we provide our customers. And I think that’s translating into more business and more profitable business.  And the things that we have put in place not yesterday, but over a period of the last year or two is now, as Fred pointed out is paying off in many ways. So, the target is of course to continue to both improve revenue and margins to go forward and we believe we have the structure to do just that. I don’t know, Henry, do you want to add anymore to that. 
Henry Maier: Yes, Allison, let me just say couple things to add on to Raj’s comments. The first quarter of fiscal 2021 was FedEx Ground’s highest quarterly revenue and operating income quarter in history. In spite of that, those results flow from a number of steps we took several years ago to transform FedEx Ground and position FedEx to prosper in a market increasingly dominated by ecommerce. I’ve spoken of the integration of the Ground and SmartPost networks. I’ve spoke of the expansion of seven day.  You can’t do any of this without the introduction and use of world-class technologies. We are about a week away from having quickly rolled out our advanced route optimization software to all the drivers. I should point out to you that this was developed using safe agile methods and it was rolled out across our networks in the middle of a hundred year pandemic in 13 months. That’s pretty damn good if you ask me.  Not only does this enable our service providers to better plan routes, fleet type, number of trucks, types of trucks, volume on trucks on a dynamic daily basis, but it’s already improved significantly final mile efficiency specifically increasing stats per hour in the network in spite of everything we have already talked about in Q1.  The integration of SmartPost line in the networks improved density both on a square mile basis and on a delivery basis driving the average cost of our stops found. So, I think we are – I think where we sit today, our best days are ahead of us. And we still have a lot of work to do here. 
Operator: We’ll hear next from Brian Ossenbeck with J.P. Morgan. 
Brian Ossenbeck : Hey, good evening. Thanks for taking the questions. I just want to come back to your execution into the holiday peak season. Just last year it’s obviously it got tough with Cyber Monday coming in at – planned same period here with a lot more volume and but also lot more initiatives and leverage to down to the level some that which you’ve talked about here and announced recently. So, stepping back how confident are you that it’s enough to have a successful peak and do you feel like you can make adjustments and recover if needed? 
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me start and then let Brie and Henry can add. I think this is going to be a peak like none other. But we believe that we have now the capabilities and the flexibility to do a lot. I think the number one thing that the customers now looking for is capacity and we are working strategically with them to make sure that we can deliver that, again having operations seven days a week helps a lot here too and the technology that we have.  So, we clean the flexibility that we have in our infrastructure that we put together with the technology that we have and the customer solutions that put together, we think and that we are going to manage so to speak quite well. And we turn to Brie for her comments. 
Brie Carere: I’ll simply let Henry talk about the physical capacity allotments, but from a customer perspective, we are really working hard to set expectations with our ecommerce merchants. I think they are very well aware that this is going to be a peak like no other. The most important thing for our customers’ customers is to set appropriate expectations and give them transparency to the appropriate transportation commitments and we are working very hard to do that to set expectations to get visibility and to expose that to all our digital channels and our customers’ digital channels. So, we are working very hard. You also saw that we adjusted our peak season surcharge specific to Cyber week to make sure that customers really posting their volume and that we help out Henry and the team wherever we possibly can. Henry, anything else? 
Henry Maier: Yes, I think the only thing I would add here is, even at the operations level, we have conversations almost daily with all of our top customers. Once again, this is not a new advantage peak, but this has been going since all of this began back in March. When you are operating a seven day network, let me back up and say, we are in a new normal here and there is a new normal for FedEx.  But there is also a new normal for all of our customers. And when you are operating a seven day network, we have untapped capacity existing within that network if customers want to take advantage of that untapped capacity. For example, we have ample delivery capacity on Saturday, Sunday and Monday. We have ample pickup capacity on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  If everybody wants to ship on Monday, then we are going to have to have conversations with people about how we modify that demand to fit the available capacity we have on one day a week. If customer is flexible, I think we can accommodate most of what people wish to ship this year at peak. 
Operator: Helane Becker with Cowen has our next question. 
Helane Becker : Thanks very much, operator. Alan, very sad to do these calls without you. I think, probably the only the whole time you’ve been the CFO this year and to John, thank you for all the work you do on behalf of this – that work is very important and very appreciated.  And so, on to my question, can you just talk about the vaccine and your distribution capabilities in a sense that the ability to either store or move goods, the vaccine that has to be chilled for many as 80 Celsius and how – if you thought about how that gets handled in places like India, and Africa and Brazil, where in some cases we have very strong networks. How we should think about your ability to participate in that? Thank you very much. 
Raj Subramaniam: So, as we talked about earlier, Helane, yes, we recognize moving vaccines across the global network is very critical work and we believe that we have the network, the technology, the solutions to do just that. We have engaged with several of our customers who are in this vaccine production mode.  And we are planning appropriately for it and again, the timing is TBD at this point. But the capabilities that we have in around the world including the physical network, the storage solutions, as well as the SenseAware ID that we just launched and enhanced visibility platforms and the ability to intervene as needed is unique and I think we are well situated to handle this vaccines. Let me turn it over to Don for, because a lot of those are going to travel on the Express network. 
Don Colleran: Thank you, Raj and thanks for the question. Yes, I would like to add a little bit of color to this, because we look at this really as a supply chain design opportunity first of all for many months as you can imagine we were talking with the major manufacturers and customers in the healthcare space, along with HHS CDC and the FDA. So, this will be clearly a global team effort.  What’s unique about this opportunity when you think it through is, there is very good a chance that, lot of ingredients are going to be made in one country. The manufacturing of these vaccines are in other country and other region and the consumption or the need for this is global. And this is why we are uniquely positioned.  When you look at the 220 countries that we serve, well over 600 aircrafts that we have in our network and the ability to integrate that with our Air and Ground, we are uniquely positioned to support this critical initiative. And we are ready for it. We are planning for the multiple of peaks, but with this – that we are also looking at the ability to move on a global basis, these vaccines when they become ready.  We are obviously hopeful like everybody else is that as sooner the rather than later, but when they do come and then came off the manufacturing line, we’ll be able to support those manufacturers on a global basis. 
Operator: We’ll go next to David Vernon with Bernstein. 
David Vernon : Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. Henry, I wanted to come back to the topic you brought up around kind of working with customers’ profitability anecdotally, we’ve heard from a couple of different shipping people is that some of the on-time transit performance for the ground network is maybe lagging a little bit.  I just wanted to give you a chance to comment on how you feel service levels is trending and then also as you think about the next two to three years given the pull forward in volume growth even pushing through the network is that change you are thinking about the size of the CapEx envelope for the Ground? Thanks. 
Henry Maier: Well, David, I’ve been in this business for forty years. I’ve never seen a more difficult operating environment from the one we are in. We are dealing with a 100 year pandemic, absenteeism as a result in certain facilities. Wildfires, hurricanes, social unrest unlike anything I’ve seen since the 60s. And I live through the 60s, so I remember it.  All of that places some pretty difficult challenges on an operation when you are trying to run a national network. This is highly engineered and it’s precise as the ones we operate. FedEx Ground people have worked tirelessly through all of this. And I have eternal confidence that we’ll continue to provide world-class transit service going forward for our customers.  On the issue of CapEx, I would say to you that we have been very diligent in the past about this. I made a comment about the SmartPost. We got 28 SmartPost facilities we are repurposing for Ground. That’s pretty cheap capital when you consider the fact that we can devote those buildings for Ground growth and they are essentially already included in the network footprint.  Notwithstanding any of that, we are going to have to invest in the ground network going forward for growth as – and Brie gave you the specifics on ecommerce between now and 2026. We can squeeze more capacity out of this existing network, but we are not going to be able to maintain these growth rates once we invest in and I can assure you that that work is something that is ongoing in almost daily at FedEx Ground. Thanks. 
Operator: Ben Hartford with Baird has our next question. 
Ben Hartford : Thank you. Good evening, and Alan, congrats on your career and retirement. Just a kind of follow-up on CapEx and just cash management as we transition over to Mike’s leadership. Can you provide a little bit of perspective about how you are thinking about liquidity going forward.  We’ve got a little bit of a different operating environment from an Express standpoint, you’ve got free cash this quarter. You’ve got plenty of liquidity on hand. How do you think about CapEx needs over the next few years and uses of incremental free cash flow and cash on hand, debt pay down, et cetera? 
Alan Graf: Appreciate the question. We are first and foremost going to repair our balance sheet. We’ve borrowed a significant amount of money in anticipation of liquidity needs that fortunately we did not have to have. But I can tell you back in March, when we were sitting around in table here, we had no idea of what to expect. And so, we got prepared the best as we could.  I think you could see from my comments, we have over $10 billion of liquidity today. Obviously, we expect to have improved free cash flow. And so, while we are repairing the balance sheet, but we haven’t forgot about return to shareholders. Recall that over a number of years, we bought a significant amount of shares at a price of about $153, which looks pretty good today than it looked so good in March.  And obviously, we have a frozen dividend right now because of our agreement with our banks. So, we will be looking at all of those, the first and foremost is our balance sheet repair. 
Operator: Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank has our next question. 
Amit Mehrotra : Thanks for squeezing me and appreciate it. Raj, I was hoping on the Ground business, one thing that we’ve noticed at least as it refers to transportation costs that have continued to go up on a per shipment basis given what you guys are doing on SmartPost redirect, should there be an expectation or can there be a potential for transportation cost per shipments to be – to moderate significantly. So you please – piece of the cost structure. I think it’s important to address it. And then, just higher level, if we are sitting here in August or September of 2021, obviously 30% growth in Ground is not sustainable in perpetuity.  I understand the secular benefits, but it’s worth to be heard this time next year the economy hopefully is pivoted because we have a vaccine towards maybe a more balanced goods and services and growth is negative in volume, how is the profitability structure of the business in that environment, if you can address that as well. Thank you. 
Raj Subramaniam: Well, I’ll address the purchase trans question. Purchased transportation is driven by volume. I mean, all of our transportation is purchased with FedEx Ground. We don’t have company-owned equipment. We don’t have employee drivers. So, as the volume goes up, purchased transportation costs are going to go up. I think that something that maybe somewhat obscuring some of the numbers in there is the transit numbers of SmartPost Ground, because packages that formerly were treated as postage, because we paid the post office to deliver are now part of Ground settlement. That work will be done by the end of October with new exceptions.  The Ground network is highly variable and highly flexible. We can scale up. We can scale down based on the volume. We contract with 5300 small businesses with employee something north of 130,000 employees. They see the changes in the volume at the micro level much faster than any of us could see it operating out of a corporate headquarter structure and they react almost instantaneously to any changes in volume, both up and down. So, this is not something that we haven’t been through before. I mean, we’ve been through up cycles and down cycles. Sometimes it takes us a little bit longer to ramp up if we don’t see it come in like this particular COVID-19 event. But I’ll assure you that we can take the cost out of this network really quick if we have to. 
Operator: And from Bank of America, we’ll go to Ken Hoexter. 
Ken Hoexter: Hey, great. Good afternoon. Phenomenal quarter, Alan, and congrats on beginning your next phase and thanks for the comments over the past two decades. Maybe just my question is on maybe for Raj, on the thoughts on margin benefits from Express to Ground, I know, Henry you just mentioned kind of the parcel side of it, but you’ve also talked about moving Express packages over to Ground. Can you talk how that transition is going on volume or margin side? And then, just a clarification, Alan, have you delineated the benefits from the surcharges in terms of dollar size scale? 
Alan Graf: Well, I’ll answer the second, no, we haven’t, because it’s all part of one giant orchestra and one conductor and all the pieces flow together. 
Raj Subramaniam: And on the first one, let me just make sure, as the B2C the residential volume continues to grow, they are definite and allows us the opportunity to optimize between networks. So, the residential and rural packages we are able to move from one network to the other as – and optimize it as a service. So, we will see where it goes. And as I told you we have launched it in a few markets. And we will monitor as we go forward here. 
Operator: And at this time, I’d like to turn things back to Mickey Foster for closing remarks. 
Mickey Foster: Okay. We have some final comments by Fred Smith. 
Fred Smith: Sure. As I said at the beginning, I was going to give the microphone over to Alan to make a couple of remarks. Let me reiterate what I said at the start in several of our colleagues have said here at the table on behalf of the Board and the strategic management committee, we thank Alan for 40 plus years of outstanding leadership in this company.  He has been a great comrade in bringing man, not only in business but his accomplishments and contributions and so many philanthropic endeavors, Chairman in the University of Memphis, very heavily involved in establishing the FedEx family house he and Susan where I could spend half of the evening here talking about Alan in that regard.  But as I said, this is an earnings call, so I’ll make more closing remarks at the Shareholders’ Meeting next Monday and let me turn the microphone over to Alan, who will say what he wants to say and then making – for meeting. Alan? 
Alan Graf: Well, thanks, Fred. In the fall of 1991, Fred took a chance on a 38 year old treasurer despite a significant amount of pressure to bring in a proven, seasoned CFO. When he told me he wanted me for the job, he said he had a tremendous amount of confidence in me and challenged me always think long-term and strategically.  Among other things, Fred was very clear that I should always communicate what I thought no matter how against the grain it might be. That was great advice and has been the basis for our partnership ever since. As I finished my last of around 120 earnings calls, I want to give you a few thoughts in mind about where we are and how optimistic I am about the future of FedEx.  Believe it or not, I have always looked forward to these calls no matter if the news was good or bad. I have thoroughly enjoyed preparing for the very excellent well thought out strategic questions I expect to be asked. While I often do not get these insightful and penetrating questions, I did enjoy the occasional bantering.  I always endeavored to answer questions from a strategic viewpoint hoping to impart a deep transparent description to help you see what I see. Over the years, any accomplishments attributed to me truly belong to an unbelievably dedicated and talented team and I am referring not just to an incredible world-class finance organization, but to all of my 500,000 teammates with whom it has been an honor to serve.  I am extremely optimistic about the future of FedEx. Over the years, we have invested in building unmatched physical and technological networks that are keeping the world’s supply chains moving with very high levels of reliability. Although our capital investments have sometimes have been questioned, the past quarter provides a strong indication that these are providing increasing returns and I am certain that that will be the case moving forward.  By the end of FY 2019, we made a strategic decision to go all in on ecommerce. We moved away from a large customer to focus on the broader market. We moved to seven day a week Ground operations allowing us to handle significant additional volumes using existing capacity. We moved SmartPost packages into the Ground network and repurposed SmartPost facilities to handle higher yielding home delivery packages.  We added advanced route optimization technology, maximizing route efficiencies and increasing stops per hour. We serve every address in the U.S. and 92% of the U.S. population lives within five miles of the FedEx pickup or drop-off location. We are modernizing our air fleet in major hubs, lower cost and handle additional volume.  We are transforming our international business and the benefits of the TNT acquisition are beginning to accelerate. We have the right strategy in place and our team is executing at a high level. We are a high energy organization and are always on the offense.  And now, I am excited to hand the CFO manual to Mike Lenz. Mike’s performance during his tenure at FedEx has been outstanding and he has the full confidence of Fred, the Board of Directors and the strategic management committee. He will be superb and I look forward to watching him.  It has been a great ride and I will be forever grateful for my time at FedEx. To my teammates, thank you for everything. I will miss you and I enjoy – we’ll enjoy your future success. And my wife Susan, my daughters Bridget and Carey and our families, your love and support and patience have been my cornerstone.  I wish everyone good luck and good health. Thank you and farewell. 
Fred Smith: You are here. 
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation’s first quarter earnings conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much. Bye. 
Operator: And again, that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you all for joining us.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-07-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon and welcome to FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. The fourth quarter earnings release and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Alan Graf, Executive VP and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Brie Carere, Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer; Don Colleran, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and John Smith, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter and year.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Thanks everyone for participating on this call. Before I begin, let me take a point of personal privilege and congratulate David Abney who just retired as UPS CEO. I believe David joined UPS in 1974 right out of Delta State, not far from here. David is an able competitor, a gentleman and a fine man and all of us at FedEx wish you well in your retirement. I understand you'll be staying on as Executive Chairman for a time, but I wasn't sure I'd get a chance to do this again before he left. So, all the best, David. We said on this call last year that FY 2020 would be a year of challenge and change, better put, and that has certainly been the case. We told you about a number of strategic initiatives we have had under way to navigate that challenge and change. Then beginning in January, we began to deal with COVID-19 in China then in Europe and then, of course, in the United States. I reported on all the work we had done in those areas of the world to respond to the pandemic during our quarter three earnings call on 17 March. We've made every effort to keep our team members and the public safe as we've dealt with this terrible disease and we're very proud of our team members and the role they played in keeping the global industrial and at-home supply chains open. My most sincere appreciation goes to our team members around the world for their herculean efforts during this time. We are so proud of them. Let me take another point of personal privilege and note that in addition to dealing with COVID-19 on a professional basis, our family has dealt with this awful virus up close and personal. So, we offer our sympathy for all those who have suffered with COVID-19. Our deepest condolences to those who have lost close friends and loved ones and we'll honor the memory of all those taken from us too soon in the days to come. So, let me now ask Brie, Raj, and Alan to provide their comments with more details, after which we will take your questions. Brie?
Brie Carere: Thank you, Fred. Good afternoon, everyone. The economic outlook is highly uncertain making forecasting incredibly challenging. Around the world, we saw a marked decline in global economic activity in the final quarter of fiscal year 2020. However, to date we have experienced week-over-week improvement in our business since hitting the bottom in mid-April. As we enter fiscal 2021, there are signs of tentative economic recovery under way. Here in the United States, the COVID pandemic has accelerated e-commerce adoption, while detrimentally affecting the business-to-business segment. Several years of retail share gains have been compressed into a few months in the United States with e-commerce as a percentage of U.S. retail increasing from 16% in calendar year 2019 to 27% in April 2020.  The growth rate of e-commerce in April was partially a result of the shrinking denominator as total retail contracted. We anticipate e-commerce as a percentage of retail will stay elevated. This shift has left an indelible mark on the retail industry causing the bankruptcy of some chains that have been around for decades, while helping those retailers with a strong omni-channel strategy flourish. For FedEx, surging e-commerce sales from our large customers drove significant FedEx volume in Q4 and a sizable mix shift from commercial B2B to Home Delivery/B2C volume. In Q4, FedEx total U.S. domestic residential volume was 72% versus 56% a year ago. Since the end of April, however, we have seen week-over-week growth in our business-to-business segment. Needless to say, we've been very focused on improving revenue quality given the high demand against limited market capacity and a higher cost to serve. FedEx Ground B2C yields remain above market despite pressure from large customer mix and a move to shorter zones. In early June, we announced that we were implementing three temporary surcharges, including a SmartPost surcharge of $0.40 per package, an oversized surcharge of $30 per package and a residential delivery charge of $0.30 per package to offset incremental expenses incurred in our networks. The residential delivery charge affects a small number of our largest customers who have had surging volume. We are also working closely with our largest e-commerce customers to establish peak plans which include differentiated residential surcharges for the month of November and December. These peak surcharges will help us manage increased demand while maintaining strong level of service for our entire base of customers. These revenue quality actions are driving contribution to the bottom-line, while ensuring we deliver the outstanding experience that FedEx customers expect. We are all-in on e-commerce and we're going to continue to profitably grow share in this space. Our revenue quality efforts also mean that we continue to focus on profitable share growth from the small and medium segments. We have continued to champion small and medium businesses and support their recovery. Through collaborations, including Amex Stand for Small, FedEx has joined a coalition of companies supporting small and medium businesses.  We've also taken our immensely popular Small Business Grant Contest and in May offered an additional $1 million in support small grants that will support 200 small businesses struggling in the aftermath of COVID. We also announced a new alliance between FedEx and BigCommerce to help small businesses get up and running online, fast and affordably. As I have mentioned on previous calls, returns are a critical component of our e-commerce strategy. Our returns growth doubled in FY 2020 compared to the prior two years. We simplified the returns process through the launch of paperless returns, and through the end of May, have rolled out more than 4,800 drop off and pick up locations with our Dollar General collaboration to further expand our retail convenience network. In addition to e-commerce, we continue to focus on B2B opportunities. FedEx has provided unparalleled product and service in the business-to-business space for almost 50 years. We are focused on driving growth through increased penetration in healthcare, specifically in med device, pharmaceutical and testing equipment segments. We are also seeing opportunities emerge within the industrial sector. Shifting now to international. In mid-March, Asia-Pacific outbound average daily volume grew substantially over pre-COVID-19 levels fueled by PPE demand surge. We are also experiencing Europe outbound growth on the transatlantic lane due to limited capacity and surging e-commerce volume. We've been able to improve our base load with airport-to-airport moves, charters and complex premium air freight services. In April, we implemented a global temporary surcharge on all FedEx Express and TNT international parcel and air freight shipments to balance demand against air cargo capacity. Total intercontinental volumes exited May with a year-over-year growth. As we plan for FY 2021, we anticipate air cargo capacity recovery will take at least 18 months to return to pre-COVID levels. We are actively pursuing opportunities to increase both market share and revenue quality, especially for international priority freight and international economy freight services. We are renegotiating customer contracts to better reflect current market conditions. Our capability on intercontinental lanes is highly sought after and demand is growing as country restrictions are lifted and manufacturing begins to ramp up again. We have added extra capacity in the short-term to support this demand and help our customers as they restart their business activities. We are well-positioned to profitably gain share from the freight forwarders. We are also enhancing our e-commerce capabilities in Europe. E-commerce demand there has accelerated as a result of the pandemic and is helping to offset the softened B2B market across Europe. In closing, I am confident we have the very best value proposition in the United States for both B2B and B2C and we are profitably winning market share. We have our teams focused on taking this playbook to Europe, as we complete the TNT integration. Our international business is poised to benefit from the continued contraction of commercial capacity and our best-in-class global network. With that, I'll turn it over to Raj for his remarks.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Brie and good afternoon. FedEx continues to play a pivotal role on the front line of the COVID-19 pandemic and I'm exceptionally proud of the way our more than 500,000 team members have responded. The safety and well-being of our team members and customers remain our first priority. Whether securing PPE or adjusting our operations, we have kept and will continue to keep safety at the forefront of everything we do. To reiterate what I said in March, FedEx is one of the few companies in the world that has the network and the capabilities to keep critical supplies and supply chains moving during this unprecedented time. This is due in large part to the resilience of our extraordinary team members whose services are essential. Like Fred, let me also extend my sincerest thank you to our global team for the herculean efforts in helping keep the world in motion. This is truly who we are and what we do. To fully understand the quarter, trends varied by international region by market segment and by month. Let me take a moment to highlight a few of these. Asia volumes strengthened throughout Q4 as demand rebounded significantly post lockdowns and belly capacity on passenger airlines continue to be severely constrained.  In the U.S., commercial B2B volume declined as retailers closed their brick and mortar locations. Meanwhile B2C volume and residential deliveries soared. As a result, our FedEx Ground network has been teeming with peak-like residential volume for the past few months. As in enterprise, commercial volumes hit bottom in middle of April. We have been steadily climbing back since then with day-over-day and week-over-week improvements. Brie has already discussed many of the revenue quality actions we implemented in response to this dynamic environment. In addition, we have put in place significant safety measures, including providing PPE for all team members, instituting routine health monitoring and increasing cleaning and sanitization of all our facilities. We launched the Air Operations Coordination Center to effectively match capacity to demand. Through this coordinated approach, we reduced U.S. domestic flight hours in the fourth quarter and redeployed to international. Additionally, we flew more than 100 charters and delivered 1,000 ocean containers of PPE. Prior to COVID-19, we forecasted flight hours to be down 7% year-over-year and we were on track to meet that goal. However, as mentioned earlier, demand for FedEx capacity continued to soar as we maintained essential services amid the pandemic. As a result, our flight hours were up 2.6%. As business gradually returns in Europe, we expect to continue to see the benefits of constrained air capacity. With freighter capacity now accounting for 75% of total air capacity in the transatlantic lane, FedEx capacity remains a premium. Increasing international profitability is a major priority for us and Europe is our biggest opportunity. In Q4, as scheduled, we substantially completed the interoperability of the intra-European Ground network. In fiscal year 2021, we'll complete the integration of line-haul and pickup and delivery operations and start offering an enhanced portfolio of international services. We will leverage the capabilities that TNT adds to our portfolio, which are expected to improve our European revenue and profit profile. Due to delays caused by COVID-19, we are now planning to complete the final phase of the air network integration early in calendar year 2022. We are heavily focused on improving our efficiency and effectiveness by streamlining our organizational structure from six global regions to three within FedEx Express. Now turning to the U.S. and the booming e-commerce market. The trends we experienced during the quarter validated or to rather put an exclamation point on the importance of our strategic initiatives that directly address e-commerce. This includes FedEx Ground's seven-day operations, investments in technology that optimize last mile deliveries, over-the-threshold deliveries through FedEx Freight Direct and integration of FedEx SmartPost volumes to increase delivery density. In many ways, the macro trends accelerated to meet our existing strategy and what we expected to happen over a few years happened in a matter of few months. At FedEx Ground, we are employing several initiatives to maximize our capacity. These include leveraging our seven-day Ground network, repurposing SmartPost facilities for small or large package sortation and adding new low-cost regional sort facilities designed to handle shorter zone residential volumes into certain key markets. The flexibility and automation of the FedEx Ground network made it possible to quickly react to challenges faced by e-commerce shippers due to inventory imbalances and increase in fulfillment from store. The network-wide rollout of dynamic route optimization technology has continued through the pandemic and will be completed prior to peak 2020. The strategic steps we're taking to manage yields and improve efficiency in our operations, specifically the last mile, will position FedEx Ground for sustainable industry-leading margins. In response to these emerging trends, we also continue collaboration across our operating companies to optimize our resources. For example, FedEx Freight has provided more than 1 million miles of road and intermodal support for FedEx Ground since late April. In Q4 alone, they delivered approximately 270,000 large Ground packages. Another example is reducing cost and increasing delivery density, particularly through our last mile optimization efforts announced earlier this year. Last mile optimization, which is delivery of specific FedEx Express residential and rural packages by FedEx Ground has successfully launched in 26 origin markets with an additional seven markets scheduled in July. These are just a few ways we are adapting, adjusting, and utilizing different elements of our network to increase efficiency and collaboration. Before I close, I want to highlight our announcement last month with Microsoft. Our first solution, FedEx Surround will provide companies with greater visibility, agility and predictability in managing high-value shipments. This allows us to create new value and further differentiation while growing our multi-year alliance. It's only the first step and I look forward to sharing additional initiatives as we re-imagine FedEx at the intersection of physical and digital networks. We are confident in our strategy and we are invigorated by what the future holds for FedEx. Now, let me turn it over to Alan for his remarks.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Raj and good afternoon everyone. Virtually all our revenue and expense line items during the fourth quarter were affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. While commercial volumes were down significantly due to business closures across the globe, we experienced a surge in residential deliveries at FedEx Ground and in transpacific, and charter flights at FedEx Express, which required incremental cost to serve. We also incurred an approximate $125 million increase in operating costs related to personal protective equipment and safety supplies, as well as additional security and cleaning services to protect our team members and ensure we are safely providing essential services to our customers. In addition, year-over-year fourth quarter operating results declined due to an approximate $100 million negative dollar impact from one fewer operating week day, increased FedEx Ground costs from expanded service offerings, higher bad debt expense, increased self-insurance accruals, and the elimination of the Amazon business. These factors were partially offset by strong residential delivery volume growth at FedEx Ground, a 10% increase in revenue per hundredweight at FedEx Freight and a favorable net impact from fuel. Results also benefited from cost savings initiatives, including lower variable incentive compensation expenses, temporary reductions in certain workforces, delaying non-essential maintenance projects and facility investments, and reducing other discretionary spending. The CARES Act includes provisions for relief from air cargo and aviation fuel excise taxes from March 28, 2020 through December 31, 2020. A benefit of $37 million was recognized for the two-month period this excise tax holiday was in effect during our fourth quarter. Our fourth quarter tax rate includes a benefit of $71 million related to the CARES Act provision, which allows our tax loss to be offset against income from prior years which was taxed at higher rates. This benefit was mostly offset by a non-cash expense of $51 million due to a change in our deferred tax balances related to foreign operations. Fourth quarter results also include goodwill and other asset impairments of approximately $370 million, primarily related to goodwill impairment at FedEx Office. Declining print revenue and a decline in market multiples for the retail industry lowered the current fair value of FedEx Office for the purposes of the goodwill impairment accounting test. However, FedEx Office remains a great investment and an increasingly valuable asset for e-commerce such as our return solution Brie discussed earlier. The high margin packages dropped off and picked up at FedEx Office locations drive profitable growth for FedEx Express and FedEx Ground. During the quarter, we took several actions to increase liquidity and strengthen our financial position. In March, we extended our $1.5 billion 364-day credit agreement, as well as our $2 billion five-year credit agreement. In April, we issued $3 billion of senior unsecured debt and used the proceeds in part to repay the borrowings under our credit facilities and commercial paper program. In May, we amended the credit facilities to provide additional financial flexibility through the end of fiscal 2021, given the current environment. We ended the fiscal year with $4.9 billion in cash and cash equivalents and with $3.5 billion available under our credit facilities. Looking forward, we are not providing a forecast of expected results for fiscal 2021 as the timing and pace of an economic recovery are uncertain. We will continue managing network capacity, flexing our networks and adjusting as needed to align with volumes and operating conditions. However, some of the higher operating costs related to the pandemic that we experienced in the fiscal fourth quarter will persist in fiscal 2021. Despite the COVID-19-related delay of completing our air network integration into early 2022, we still expect TNT integration expenses to total approximately $1.7 billion. We expect to incur $170 million of integration expenses in fiscal 2021. Integration expenses will be much lower in fiscal 2022 as we complete the physical network integration of TNT into FedEx Express. During the first half of fiscal 2021, we will complete the integration of FedEx SmartPost packages into standard FedEx Ground operations. We will also continue to focus on last mile residential optimization by directing certain U.S. day-definite residential and rural FedEx Express shipments into the FedEx Ground network to increase efficiency and lower our cost to serve. Capital expenditures for fiscal 2021 are expected to be approximately $4.9 billion, a decrease of $1 billion year-over-year, due primarily to lower vehicle spending and the delay of certain facility investments. While aircraft spending is slightly higher year-over-year, spending is significantly lower than planned as we adjusted our aircraft delivery schedules to defer CapEx into future years. Our firm orders for aircraft include deliveries through FY 2025 and our latest adjustments result in the smoothing of our aircraft capital spending through FY 2024 when it starts to come down materially. Strategic investments in safety technology equipment and procedures will remain a critical focus across our businesses in FY 2021. We will also continue to focus on lowering costs through investments in productivity-enhancing technology. We do not anticipate making contributions to our U.S. pension plans during fiscal 2021 following $1 billion contributions during each of the last two fiscal years. We also do not anticipate contributions to our U.S. pension plans will be required for this foreseeable future based on our funded status, and the fact that we have a credit balance related to our cumulative excess voluntary pension contributions over those required that exceeds $3 billion. Despite the recent stock market volatility, our U.S. pension plans returned 15% for fiscal 2020 and the funded status of our U.S. pension plans at the end of the fiscal year was 90%. Our liability-driven investment philosophy helped preserve and protect our funded status. I'll conclude by reemphasizing that we have reduced our capital spending plans and have taken cost and revenue actions to mitigate the impact of the pandemic. While the near-term outlook is unclear, we expect to continue to benefit from the global recovery as we leverage the strength of our unmatched air network and U.S. residential capabilities, our yield management efforts, and multiple initiatives to improve our financial performance. Now the operator can begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer. Go ahead.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. I want to inquire a bit more about the transatlantic, transpacific and charter flights. You provided some metrics on how many you are operating. Just curious what you view with the competitive environment going forward from the passenger airplanes and how long you think you will have this market share advantage where you're able to price? Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah, so, Scott, thank you for that question. We expect that the passenger airline capacity is going to be down for some time to come and a significant portion of air cargo intercontinental goes on passenger aircraft and that traffic is now going to flow on FedEx capacity, which is a premium. It's both on the transatlantic and transpacific. I will turn it over to Don to address some specifics about what we have done so far and what we expect to happen here.
Don Colleran: Scott, thanks for the question. We continue to see strong activity on both the transpacific lane, coming both to the United States, as well as the back door in Europe. We continue to run our [P9.5] [ph] schedule, but what we're seeing because of the significant reduction in passenger capacity, most of the passenger airlines were essentially running anywhere between 10% and 15% of the normal flight activity on a year-over-year basis. It's obviously presented some opportunities for us on the supply and demand cycle. On the transpacific, we run anywhere between 30 and 50 extra sections a week supported by charter activity and we're beginning to see that activity pick up on the transatlantic as well. So as we optimize our network here globally and reposition aircraft to take advantage of that, we think the transatlantic, once the demand begins to pick up a little bit more on the European side, is an opportunity for us there as well. As we've talked about before, in any typical year, almost 70% of the commercial cargo that moves between the U.S. and Europe moves in the bellies of the passenger airlines. So, even as these aircraft slowly come back on online, they'll be nowhere near where they need to be to meet what we think will be the demand as the European economy begins to awaken. We think that puts us in a position to take advantage of this global fleet that we operate around the world.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from David Vernon with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
David Vernon: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the time. I wanted to ask a question about your Ground business. Maybe, Henry or Raj, if you could help us understand a little bit on what are the things that changed to drive sort of better incremental profitability. I mean 20% from those [70%] is quite an operating profit. I know there were some mix shift in there. Is this shift something we need to kind of lap? Or do you feel like the surcharge that you're putting into the market need to be made more permanent? Like, how do we get the incremental performance and operating leverage to kind of get a little bit better in that segment?
Raj Subramaniam: David, let me start off and I'll turn it to Henry. Firstly, I think the strategic initiatives that we have deployed in FedEx Ground over the past few months, literally the investments we've made over the past few years have definitely paid off in this time frame. And basically, we have a better mousetrap and we have faster service than our competition and we have a good revenue quality and better profitability in this business. So, let me turn it over to Henry to answer specifics.
Henry Maier: David, this is Henry Maier. First, we run one of the most highly automated networks in the world, if not the most highly automated. Operating a seven-day network gives us the ability to efficiently utilize our assets seven days a week. The large package facilities that we've added over the last year, year and a half, put those package characteristics in a building that's more efficient and able to handle them, but it also makes hubs and automated stations more efficient, because it gets those packages off the belt and off the sorter. We talked to you before about the SmartPost transition into Ground that provides us with much better delivery density and the technology we have deployed over the last year in dynamic route optimization maximizes the stops per vehicle in the network while affording those businesses route sequencing that drives fewest number of miles between stops.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, congrats on the quarter. Impressive quarter in a difficult environment. I just wanted to follow up on the last question related to Ground margins. I mean, you're obviously still trying to understand that B2C mix shift is detrimental for density – last mile density packages per stop, and obviously, sequentially, the operating performance were – revenue per piece was actually up and cost per piece was actually down despite the big mix shift. It's obviously really interesting and intriguing. So, I guess in that context, I mean, I understand all the stuff you're doing, I was hoping maybe you can provide some numbers around that in terms of, was packages per stop improved and to what level, given the SmartPost redirect. And was there any difference in terms of how a B2C package flow through your network in the context of COVID because people order patterns are changing? Was there any difference in how the B2C package was evolving in your network that helped kind of the fixed cost absorption and the margins that you were able to provide, achieve rather?
Raj Subramaniam: Amit, all I can say here is that we had an acceleration of B2C over the last – you know as the percentage of e-commerce – as the percentage of total retail moved from 15% to 28%. We had a significant shift in terms of how much B2C volume grew. And in our investment that we made on our seven-day network and all the other things that Henry had talked about earlier, just the market trends accelerated to meet our strategy, so to speak. And so there is no more secret than that. I think we were just – we are leaning into e-commerce. This is something very important for our strategic priorities going forward and the market moved faster than what we expected. I don't know if Brie or Henry want to add anything more to that.
Brie Carere: No. I certainly have covered the revenue quality. We're very, very pleased what the team has done commercially on the revenue per piece from a B2C perspective. Overall, very, very happy with the capture on the surcharge. We're trying to implement a two-tiered strategy where we actually push the revenue quality for the customers that create the surge, while protecting our small customer share, and that's worked out quite effectively. We continue to have very rigorous conversations with our largest customers as we head into peak planning, trying to find win-win solutions, but, overall, the revenue quality team has just done some tremendous work last quarter and anticipate that will continue.
Henry Maier: Yeah, I don't know whether I have anything to add to any of that. I would just say again, I mean, the biggest driver in this business is delivery density and putting a very efficient fleet of vehicles on the street everyday with the technology tools necessary to ensure we have the lowest unit cost.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Jack Atkins with Stephen. Go ahead.
Jack Atkins: Hey, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. And I don't mean to belabor the point on Ground, but I guess, I think what folks are trying to understand is – you guys have clearly done an excellent job driving top-line growth within the segment even through an extremely volatile macro environment. But at what point are we going to start seeing the leverage show up in the model within Ground? When will that delivery density and your pricing action, when will those begin to yield improved margins and profitability there? I think that's what people are really trying to understand.
Alan Graf: Hey, Jack. This is Alan. Let me take my – give my friends a rest over here. I think they're showing up in the fourth quarter. I don't know anybody's making margins in Ground like we are, not even close. We're operating wide open, full throttle, seven days a week at max peak capacity. When you do that, you incur a lot of cost until you can get your feet on the ground, because it came on upon us so rapidly. So there'll be a period of time, remember, when we continue to catch up with our sorting facilities and our capabilities and our independent service provider get their legs under their feet on a more consistent basis and more routine. Obviously, residential deliveries in the growth of B2C are less productive than B2B. But as Brie mentioned in her opening remarks, B2B is coming back. So, we're working on every single aspect we can, mix, small and medium customers and costs. And I think I mentioned lowering cost twice in my opening remarks, and we're seeing that happening. So I think that's the answer. I mean we're going to continue to leverage this network. We'll get our feet under us and we're going to continue to deliver good results, I believe.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Chris Wetherbee with Citi. Please go ahead.
Chris Wetherbee: Yeah, hi, thanks for taking the question. So I know you're not giving guidance for fiscal 2021, but if you just – maybe you could help us sort of walk through some of the puts and takes. If the business has really bottomed from the impacts of COVID in April and we are seeing sort of improvement from here, it seem that you're beginning to lap some of – more substantial headwinds from adding capacity on the Ground side and some of the benefits that you should be getting from maybe taking some flight hours down, all that should begin to accrue. So, I guess maybe when you think directionally about fiscal 2021, can you help us a little bit in terms of some of those puts and takes? Should we see some of those things that were headwinds in 2020 turn into tailwinds in 2021?
Raj Subramaniam: Chris, we're not going to talk about 2021. As we've said all along, I can't predict what the demand is going to be. So it's going to be very difficult to answer any questions associated with 2021.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse. Go ahead.
Allison Landry: Thank you. I was hoping you could maybe give us your overall thoughts just on the domestic pricing environment, whether that's Ground or Express. Obviously, you're viewing that as a key lever to offset – excuse me, the B2C mix impacts, but do you see a structural increase in the pricing for parcel as a result of the pull forward in e-commerce and some of the actions that your competitors are taking?
Brie Carere: Structurally, we do. Obviously, as I mentioned in my script, that we believe that e-commerce will remain elevated as a percentage of retail and that obviously capacity is a finite commodity in the market. We see a very rational market and we really see a great partnership with our largest customers. So, we are working with them absolutely to find a win-win solution, but part of that is that we will, as I mentioned, implement peak surcharges. This is part of the new normal. It will not be just for this fiscal year, but I anticipate customers to pay more for pricing in November and December moving forward. And I do think that, that will be a structural shift in the market.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jordan Alliger: Yeah. Hello, everyone. A question for you. I know you're not giving guidance per se. I'm just sort of curious as you mentioned that week-over-week volumes have gotten better. Presumably, maybe the B2C or the essential might be coming down, but hopefully B2B yields, as you noted, coming back. When you think of product volume and profitability, which is great, you got back to double-digit, is this a type of volume broadly, you would need to sort of stay there? Or, Alan, are those comments you made on mix, SMB and cost enough to keep you there, even if we back off some of the super growth on the e-commerce side? And maybe the trends are staying exactly where they are, I don't know. So, I'm curious to your thoughts.
Alan Graf: Again, I can't tell you much about 2021 because I just don't have a feel for what's happening as – nor does anyone else. I mean, the virus is seemingly coming back in a lot of states, openings are slowing down. People are delaying their openings. Microsoft shut in retail stores. Just a lot of things that are going on here that make it extremely difficult to answer that question. I can tell you from a strategic standpoint, I feel extremely confident about where we are if things go well, but that's a strategic comment not an FY 2021 comment, along the lines of how Raj answered that question.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks, guys. So I know no guidance for next year, but maybe, Alan, just help us with some of any discrete items, pensions, tax rate, anything that's sort of outside the macro that you can give us. And then any chance you can give us some of the monthly volume trends at Ground and Express and sort of what you're seeing in June? I know you don't typically give that but since you're not giving guidance, maybe you can give us a little bit more color on some of the real-time trends. Thank you.
Alan Graf: Scott, who is going to be President of the United States? That will help me a lot with the tax rate. Also, obviously, revenues and profitability and where they are around the globe, so the tax rate, it's pretty wide range for me right now. I'd tell you, I'm really proud of our tax team to be doing what they've done and how they held it down in FY 2020, which was spectacular. I believe Brie did discuss how we came off the bottom pretty nicely in April and we improved, and so that's in history. That's in the rearview mirror. It's anybody's guess about going forward, but I think we're well-positioned, if we can continue.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yeah, good afternoon. So you've had quite a bit of discussion about changes in Ground and highlighted some of the drivers of efficiency. I wonder if you could spend a few minutes on Express and delve a little more into some of the structural changes that are taking place, cost structure changes that could affect margin performance in Express. I think of the – obviously some of the B2C going into Ground and whether that has a margin impact in the medium term capacity reduction that you had talked about before. Maybe that's not taking place. But just kind of comments on cost structure and what's happening in Express. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Well, let me start there and give it to Don. But we have been extremely disciplined in how we manage our cost structure in Express, all the way from managing our capacity and redeploying to where the demand is. I mean, as we talked to you about, we have the Air Capacity Coordination Center where we are actually moving the capacity very dynamically into the places where we can maximize our revenue and profitability. We have streamlined our organization structure and we are moving forward with our Last Mile Optimization program to make sure that we put the residential packages in the right network to reduce cost and improve density. Let me turn it over to Don for anything else he wants to add.
Don Colleran: Sure, thanks, Raj. Let me try to provide a little bit of color to what we're doing at Express on our transformation journey. So, as we transition to 2021 and 2022 and beyond, for us it obviously starts with our profitable and optimal growth strategy. We work very closely with our commercial partners both in sales and marketing to ensure that we're getting the proper top-line growth. So, any ongoing business concern, you need to be growing the top-line and taking market share, we're clearly focused on that. What I'm really excited about is the introduction, as Raj mentioned, of our new mega region approach, essentially taken our international regions and global regions from six to three. Not only does it add a level of efficiency and effectiveness, but it adds a tremendous amount of velocity into our decision-making process. So, we did not only have the right construct in place, but I'm really excited about the people that we have in the folks that we have running that organization, I think, and I expect great things from them going forward. On the transformation side, this is a global initiative. Each of our mega regions has a significant role in that transformation. It's just not the U.S or Europe or in international play. We're going to do this in a very collaborative fashion. So the transformation begins with the reengineering of the airline. As Raj told you, we had effectively reengineered the network to take out almost 7% of our flight hours in this particular quarter. And then opportunity presented itself to redeploy those assets in a very accretive way, which we've done. On the transformation side, you've heard us talk about our Last Mile Optimization programs in terms of building, as Henry and Raj talked about, that Last Mile Optimization to assist in the delivery density for residential packages. So there is a series of initiatives, strategies and tactics we have in place. And as Alan said earlier, I'm very optimistic as well on the things we can control, and our ability to execute is coming at a very high level. So assuming a normal environment and assuming the focus on those issues that are controllable, we feel like we're in a good place on our transformation at Express.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: Hi, good afternoon. Great job on the Ground margins. Brie, you mentioned improvement in B2B that you've seen. Can you give us some thoughts on the B2C fall off and the mix as we move into the new year? And I guess, Alan, in that same vein, any impacts on the $1 billion cuts on that network optimization program on the Ground-Express mix? Thanks.
Brie Carere: I think as Alan mentioned, you know I'm obviously not going to forecast volumes into FY 2021, but what I certainly can tell you is, I believe that the e-commerce change is structural. We have seen a huge uptick in the categories that people are willing to purchase online, certainly moved into a higher value. We saw this trend obviously pre-COVID, but it has accelerated when you think about things like furniture, large packages, high-value electronics. In addition, we saw a huge change in who is buying online, over 65 finally moved to online. From an e-commerce perspective, I do not anticipate that these buying behaviors will revert back, post-COVID. You might see some as a percentage of e-commerce decrease as retail itself grows. But overall, I believe that e-commerce will continue to stay elevated, and that will create strong demand for Ground for some time in the future.
Alan Graf: Yes. And, Ken, obviously, we know where the biggest cash flows are coming from inside the company right now. So, we are going to continue to invest heavily in Ground and Ground will not see any reduction, probably an increase year-over-year in the amount of capital that we put in and doing a great job with it. They're figuring out very creative ways how to make it be more productive and obviously with seven days a week, wide open, they're sweating their assets a lot more. So, it's just a spectacular performance.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Helane Becker with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker: Hi and thank you very much, operator. Hi, everybody. I appreciate the time. I feel like I ask this question a lot, but as you think about kind of the developments in the world and what's going on in China, specifically, is there any time where you have to rethink the Guangzhou hub as a Asia Pacific connecting point?
Raj Subramaniam: At this point, we are glad that we have a hub in Guangzhou and the traffic is flow – we have a lot of traffic flowing through that hub, and we are – it's a centroid for a lot of the traffic that flows through the Asian region.
Alan Graf: Helane, you might imagine, though, that we always think about this from a lot of different reasons, mostly not political, mostly natural disasters so that we have – as you know, we have hubs all over the globe and we can react if we need to.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Ben Hartford with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford: Hi, good evening, everyone. Raj or Don, as you think about completing the global air network that you talked about in early 2022 and as you think about that footprint, particularly in Europe, from a Ground perspective what TNT brought, anything else that you might look at going forward to complete that Ground network more on the B2C side either in the form of a partnership or an acquisition as we think even beyond 2022, any perspective there?
Raj Subramaniam: It's – first of all, we are – with – as TNT with all the activities we've already done in the last few months and what's coming in fiscal year 2021, we now have a fantastic network on the ground in Europe and we will leverage that for B2B and B2C traffic. And as far as air, as we said, we probably – early in the calendar year 2022, we'll have the air networks integrated, but I think with TNT as now – as part of the portfolio, we have a great opportunity to really improve the revenue and profit profile in Europe, B2B and B2C.
Don Colleran: Hey, Ben. We built Home Delivery from scratch inside of Ground. So that should maybe answer part of your question.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Bascome Majors: Yes, thank you. So the debt covenant easing negotiated a month ago lets you take leverage above 4.5x EBITDA for a couple of quarters over the next five quarters, I believe, and that looks like a lot of breathing room even considering what COVID is doing to profitability and the debt you've added to add liquidity in the last few months. So, I mean, are acquisitions sized above the tuck-in variety on the table for FedEx over the next six to 18 months? And are you seeing any motivated sellers in the domestic or international marketplaces at this point? Thank you.
Alan Graf: Hey, Bascome, if you'd have been sitting in my shoes, you'd have tried to even get a wider leniency on our debt covenants. Because we had no idea where this was going, and so we did what we thought was the best balance between increasing our liquidity significantly enough to what we thought might be the worst case to make sure that we could maintain our operations because we are an essential service and we felt it was important to do that. So that didn't have anything to do with our corporate strategy other than simply that. In fact, it's our objective over the next few years to begin to improve our balance sheet significantly by obviously growing the equity part and cash flows and paying down some of this debt. And, of course, we aren't going to comment on any corporate development activities.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our next question from David Ross with Stifel. Please go ahead.
David Ross: Yes, good afternoon, everyone. I want to talk about FedEx Freight, much better yield growth in the overall LTL market, 10% on average between the priority and economy. I wanted to just get some color there. Was it due to the Freight that – I guess the work that Freight was doing for Ground that you mentioned that may have been at a premium or was there any culling of customer business in the overall downdraft?
John Smith: Well, thanks for the question. This is John. One of the things that we have been doing a lot in the past is helping Ground with their line-haul operation both from a over-the-road, as well as intermodal, but just recently, about three months ago is where we first delivered an actual Ground shipment to a customer and we've grown that very rapidly. And the reason that we have played into that so easily is the development of our FedEx Freight Direct. And what that has allowed us to do, to have the right equipment to help our Ground partners and on the Home Delivery side. So, we see not only an upside for growing FedEx Freight Direct, but also the ability to help our Ground partners making sure, as Raj said earlier, putting the right freight in the right network.
Raj Subramaniam: Let me also add here that the Freight team has done such a phenomenal job of managing revenue quality over the last few months and years. And I think as much as all the things that John talked about added to the result of base business, the way they managed it is really phenomenal. So, hats off to the team.
Operator: And we'll go ahead and take our next question from Brian Ossenbeck with J.P. Morgan. Go ahead.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hey, thanks. Good evening. I wanted to ask about CapEx. How much of a reduction for next year would you view as sustainable with a lower run rate versus something that's more deferred into the future? And then just maybe the bigger picture, if you can revisit the views on capital intensity of Ground and Express, especially in the U.S. that when you're looking at more growth that's short zone lightweight or oversized and hard to handle. Is there any more room to reallocate the domestic fleet internationally if this continues? And how much lower can Ground move from a CapEx intensity standpoint as it gets faster and you add more regional sort facilities?
Alan Graf: Depends. Obviously, it depends on what happens to the global economy, United States GDP and everything else, going forward. I thought we took a pretty bold move by reducing by $1 billion, what we spent this year. Frankly, we had a demand for even more than that. So, we actually reduced more from the original planning than we would have otherwise done. We've smoothed our airplanes. Those are not additions to capacity. Again, there was a replacement and Ground is mostly for growth. And Ground is a very efficient user of capital and particularly at the short zone and I'm going to let Henry think about how he wants to continue what I'm saying here by sort of chatting along for a second, but Ground is a very efficient user of capital, particularly with their model. Henry?
Henry Maier: Yeah. Thanks, Alan. Well, let me just talk about a couple of things here. One is the regional sort facilities are low cost, mainly short-haul inbound sortation facilities. I mean, it's brilliant with the team came up here, because we can put them up pretty quickly in existing buildings and they are nowhere near as expensive as building a hub. Longer term, and I guess shorter term and longer term and near term and longer term, I think the bigger issue we have with respect to your question, Brian, is van positions and the ability to load vans in existing end of line stations. We use a lot of very novel, quite inexpensive material handling for that. But sooner or later, you just run out of parking and you run out of van positions. So we're going to have to do something in that regard, probably more so than we've done in the past, given the network changes we're seeing in the business as the network get shorter.
Operator: We'll go ahead and take our final question from Todd Fowler with KeyBanc Capital Partner -- Capital Markets, excuse me. Please go ahead.
Todd Fowler: Great, thanks for, I think, for the correction there. I think this follows up maybe on the last question. Can you just comment in general where you see capacity on the Ground side? And thinking about if we see B2B volumes kind of revert back to pre-COVID levels, can the network handle both the acceleration that you've seen in B2C, as well as kind of a normalized B2B environment or does it require more investment at some point in the future? And then also, Alan, could you care to comment on maybe what the margin impact from the seven-day rollout here was in the fiscal fourth quarter? Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Henry, you want to take that?
Henry Maier: I'm sorry. There were a lot of moving parts there. So let me just say, I think we've covered the CapEx capacity question. And, I mean, it's something that we spend a lot of time on here. We manage it all the time. We've got great engineers here that plan this network several years in advance. We are, as Alan said, prudent users of the shareholders' money here. We don't invest in things that don't produce a return, but all that being said, sooner or later, you run out of space and capacity for the volume we're seeing. Right now, we don't see in the near term a problem if B2B comes back. But, nevertheless, we're going to continue to invest in this network so we can continue to grow it. Thanks.
Alan Graf: I would say that, thank goodness that we had a seven-day network when this absolute tsunami of packages hit us because it helped us manage and smooth the ability to deliver all those packages that we otherwise not would have had. So, it was a positive in the quarter.
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah, I'm just going to add to the same point that strategically leaning into e-commerce and all the moves that we made earlier in the year about seven-day and the large package moves, as well as the SmartPost, those are all right moves. It just – the market just accelerated and we're strategically – we are extremely well-positioned to play in e-commerce and B2B, of course.
Operator: And this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Foster for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect your phone lines.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-03-17 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn things over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon and welcome to FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter Form 10-Q, earnings release and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services, and CIO; and Brie Carere, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Communications Officer. And now Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thanks for participating on this call. As we announced last June, FY '20 would be a year of challenge and change. And beginning in early January, the coronavirus entered the picture for FedEx. FedEx addressed this issue decisively with our team members' safety as our number one priority, and our extensive planning and execution. Let me thank and praise profusely all those at FedEx who have kept our system operating to the great benefit of our customers. FedEx is proud to have played a significant role in supplying medical supplies, both donated and commercial, to and within China in concert with China Post and globally. We continue to work with relief organizations worldwide. With the curtailment of passenger flights across the Atlantic, we will provide the lift required to keep vital commerce moving. As was the case in Asia, our FedEx team members in Europe and the Americas are dealing with this crisis competently and with great dedication. Again, their safety is our first consideration. Regarding broader issues, we remain very confident and focused on these strategic issues, as previously announced: improving FedEx Express margins and completing TNT integration; becoming the most successful North American package delivery company, particularly for e-commerce shipments; and completing the retirement and replacement of 159 very old and inefficient aircraft by the fourth quarter FY '22 after which we will be able to significantly lower go forward CapEx while still funding profitable growth across the enterprise. We also continue to work on several entrepreneurial initiatives such as the FedEx SameDay Bot Roxo, sensor based shipping and new digital services which we think have great potential. Let me now ask Brie, Raj and Alan to provide their comments, after which we will take your questions. Brie?
Brie Carere: Thank you, Fred. Good afternoon, everyone. I would normally begin my remarks with our economic outlook. However, given the uncertainty in the current environment, we have temporarily withdrawn our economic forecast. Rather, I will provide an update on our commercial response to the coronavirus. Then I will discuss how we are continuing to evolve our commercial strategy to adapt to a changing marketplace and deliver innovative solutions for our customers. The coronavirus and the efforts to contain it represent an unprecedented challenge that we are evaluating and addressing daily. As the coronavirus broke in China, we implemented a global response plan and began managing through this crisis with the strength of our global network and unparalleled logistics expertise. We are uniquely positioned to lead in both the relief and the recovery efforts. We have been on the front lines of the relief efforts, prioritizing the handling of medical and humanitarian supplies for our customers and non-profits, while also supporting our existing customers. We are protecting our customers' base volumes to the greatest extent possible, demonstrating our continued business partnership with our customers. This is especially important to the millions of small businesses who depend on us. We will then manage incremental demand and new customers. In February, we managed the influx of shipment requests to China amid limited capacity by implementing a temporary peak surcharge for U.S. outbound freight shipments and adjusting our transit commitments to China to maximize our capacity utilization. We have also dynamically adjusted spot prices to and from China. Total air cargo capacity reduction to and from Mainland China from early February to early March is estimated at 40% year-over-year. Wide-body belly capacity contributed to 82% of this decline. In China, we have seen a rebound week over week since the week of March 3. With the urgent need for stock replenishment and with air capacity shortage in the market, we believe demand will stay elevated. We continue to adjust transit times and spot prices specifically for China outbound to manage demand profitably. We continue to increase the transit differentials between our premium and our economy services to encourage the use of premium service for any time-critical shipments, given the volatility in the market. What started as a relief and recovery effort in China now unfortunately is global. The recently implemented travel ban between Europe and the US is expected to impact cargo capacity significantly since approximately 60% of the air freight capacity between Europe and the US are on passenger flights. We are now employing the same strategies in other parts of the world that have helped us manage demand and capacity constraints in China, including transit time extensions, dynamic spot price management and will also leverage peak surcharges for specific lanes and periods of time as they are required. For our intra-European business, we continue to run our air and ground networks. Due to the lockdowns of some areas and enhanced border controls, we are dynamically adjusting our network, and in some lanes, we've extended transit times. As businesses close in multiple markets, we are seeing a reduction in volume due to fewer orders and businesses simply not being open for delivery. Now let me pull back. Prior to the coronavirus, the consumer sector had been a bright spot, driving B2C growth in Europe. There were subdued B2B peak in our Q3 numbers, especially from the broader air freight market. I am very optimistic, however, about our long-term prospects in Europe, especially as we make strides toward interoperability of the FedEx and TNT networks. While the Freight segment of our of our European business has been under significant pressure, we continue to focus on growing the parcel mix in the network. In Q3, our international European parcel volume grew year-over-year, with deferred growing at a faster rate than priority. Our European sales and marketing teams are seeing opportunity, and our sales pipeline momentum remains at a high pace across all segments, with continued year-over-year growth for the past nine months. In Q3, our sales team in Europe has been successfully closing business 30% more quickly than the previous year. In the past year, we have generated more than 12,000 e-commerce opportunities, adding more than 3,400 customer wins. Nearly half of these wins are brand new FedEx customers. More than 60% of this new e-commerce traffic is international export volume. As part of our international growth strategy, we have launched a new digital shipping tool for small business customers across 54 countries in seven languages. Early metrics show conversion rate from a rate quote to creating a shipment label at 3x the previous application. Almost 2 million e-commerce shoppers in 25 key European markets now utilize FedEx Delivery Manager to manage their shipments. And, in FY '20 we have also grown our convenience retail network to over 14,000 locations across Europe. Combined, these enhancements strengthen our competitiveness and position us very well for success in Europe for years to come. Now let me pivot closer to home. When FedEx Ground began its seven-day delivery in January, our industry-leading e-commerce value proposition became even more powerful. Sunday residential delivery includes delivery to more than 188 million people, which encompasses 75% of US GDP. FedEx Ground is faster to more locations than UPS Ground. Because of our seven day network transformation, 16% of FedEx Home Delivery package volume has been accelerated by at least one day, resulting in more than 72% of volume being delivered in two days or less. In fact, since now we deliver to most of the US population on Saturdays and Sundays, our net speed advantage for our Home Delivery shipments increases throughout the week. Let me explain. For packages picked up on Monday, we're approximately 20% faster than UPS, and by Friday, the packages picked up on Friday are now more than 80% faster than UPS Ground. For both our FedEx Home Delivery and our FedEx Ground commercial services, we are at least one day faster in 320 million ZIP pairs. In FY '20 we have however experienced some yield pressure due in part to the commercial ground volume softness which we believe strongly is linked to the economy. However, our transit time superiority in seven day service continues to create significant growth and market share improvements while delivering exceptional value for customers, both small and large. Currently, our FedEx Ground volumes are strong. Our largest retail customers' volumes are rising as social distancing efforts are encouraging consumers to shop from home. Finally, turning to our freight business. FedEx Freight and the LTL industry have experienced a reduction in volumes over the past year due to the slowing economy. Despite pressure on volume growth, the team has done an amazing job driving revenue quality. We have a very strong value proposition that includes a comprehensive portfolio of solutions across our enterprise and our end-to-end support for our customers. With that, I'll turn it over to Raj for his remarks.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon. Our global team has been working tirelessly to mitigate the effects of the coronavirus on our business and assist in relief efforts. We are first and foremost focused on safety in support of more than 475,000 global team members and our customers who need our assistance. FedEx is one of the few companies in the world that has the network and capabilities to keep commerce and aid moving during this time. We are keenly aware of this fact and the role we play. And we view it as our duty and responsibility to continue supporting our customers and communities in a safe and effective manner. We are laser focused on preparation, mitigation and relief response. We have countless remarkable examples of ways we are working with customers to combat the virus on multiple fronts, both in the US and worldwide. In addition to our extensive relief efforts in China over the last few months, we are providing support within the United States, including the delivery of test kits, masks, gloves, and personal protective equipment to hospitals, labs, testing centers and homes. As part of a public-private partnership with many of our healthcare customers, we are working to rapidly deploy medical supplies to labs and clinics nationwide. For example, over the weekend, we worked with Roche Diagnostics to deliver critical products to designated testing labs across the United States. This is just one of many Herculean efforts under way. Time is of the essence when it comes to getting test kits and medical supplies to healthcare providers who flatten this curve, contain the virus and save lives. And our team members are working around the clock to respond to this global pandemic. We're keeping their safety at the forefront of our operations and have suspended signature requirements to promote social distancing. I cannot emphasize enough how proud I am of the manner in which our people have rallied together in the face of this unprecedented situation. This is clearly who we are and what we do. During times of uncertainty, one thing is certain. FedEx delivers upon the purple promise. Given the size and scale of our global network, we are also uniquely positioned to play a significant role in the recovery of manufacturing and other business sectors as the economy rebounds. Coronavirus impact in February resulted in factories being shut down in Asia and lowered volumes on FedEx networks as a result. These numbers are reflected in our third quarter earnings. However, while the manufacturing has started to come back, the belly capacity on passenger airlines continue to be severely constrained. In contrast, FedEx flew 246 flights in and out of China just last week, which is aligned with our normal flight schedule and over in the past couple of weeks our flights have been full and we have registered record load factors intra-Asia, especially with our hub in Guangzhou. Now turning to the transatlantic theater. As of last week, passenger capacity significantly curtailed. About 60% of the airfreight capacity between Europe and the US is on passenger flights. However, demand out of Europe is softening as well as factories and businesses close as we heard in the last 24 hours. We have set up a virtual Command Center to monitor demand and manage in real time all the levers, including pricing and capacity deployment. We will increase or decrease our capacity as required so we can provide the best service for our customers and deliver returns for our shareholders. Now turning to TNT. We continue to make significant progress on TNT integration around the world and are on track to deliver important milestones as we end the fiscal year. In Q4, we will complete the interoperability of the intra-European ground network. This will enable us to lower our cost to serve as the related FedEx operations continue to be optimized. We also remain fully on track for completion of the air network integration in fall 2021, which will bring to a close the physical network integration of TNT into FedEx. As I have stated before, the rationale behind the TNT acquisition remains sound. Earlier this quarter we announced FedEx Express will be contracting with FedEx Ground for the transport and delivery of select day-definite Express residential packages in the US. That rollout began earlier in the month in Greensboro, North Carolina and we are already seeing positive results. This initiative, which we refer to as last mile optimization is one element of the ongoing comprehensive transformation of our business to meet the challenges of a rapidly changing market. In April, we'll expand last mile optimization into Cincinnati, Phoenix, Minneapolis, St. Paul, Newark, Salt Lake City, and we will continue to roll this out over the next 12 months. This is the first step in the evolution of our business model to reduce our cost, cost to serve by moving the right product in the right network at the right cost. On previous calls, we've discussed Ground's transformation to serve the dynamic e-commerce market, including weekend residential delivery, handling SmartPost volume in the Ground network and finding new, safe, more efficient ways to deliver large packages. These network changes are being enabled by investments in new technology that will allow us to make dynamic decisions about the optimal routing of any package at virtually any time within the FedEx Ground network. This will increase our efficiency, drive down our cost to serve and allow us to be more competitive and more profitable even as residential volume continues to grow. Our investments in the technological and operational changes at FedEx Ground are significant, but they are necessary. They will improve productivity, increase delivery density, optimize the Ground network and maximize capacity utilization. And speaking of capacity, given the growth of omnichannel e-commerce distribution we are also investing in smaller regional sortation facilities as we push investment in Ground capacity closer to the destination address. All of these combined to shape FedEx Ground into what will be the most cost-effective transportation company serving the e-commerce market. Before I finish, I want to be sure to talk about the exceptional results at FedEx Freight in the third quarter despite a challenging economic environment. Our team at FedEx Freight adds great value to the overall portfolio of FedEx and they continue to maintain a laser focus on revenue, quality and execution. They are making progress toward the double-digit operating margin goal, even in a soft volume environment. In summary, FedEx continues to be committed to delivering long-term profitable growth. We have successfully weathered global crisis before, and in the near term we are focused on supporting our employees, communities and customers as we work through the coronavirus situation. We continue to be excited about our prospects ahead as we execute on our core priorities, including driving operational excellence by transforming the Ground company, improving international profitability by completing the TNT integration and rightsizing our air network. We are optimistic about our efforts to evolve our business model to reduce our cost to serve with the last mile optimization being the first step. With a more stable economic environment, these measures should produce strong results for the Corporation. Now I will turn it over to Alan Graf to provide details on our financials. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thank you very much, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. Our third quarter operating results declined due to a number of factors, including weak global economic conditions, including the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, higher self-insurance accruals, an unfavorable variable compensation comparison, increased FedEx Ground costs from expanded service offerings, the loss of the Amazon business, a continuing mix shift to lower-yielding services and a more competitive pricing environment. Prior to the outbreak of the coronavirus, commercial volumes and revenues were somewhat underperforming our December expectations. The coronavirus pandemic magnified the global economic weakness. A reversal of our corporate annual incentive compensation accrual in the third quarter of last year drove a negative year-over-year comparison of approximately $115 million. The variable compensation comparisons is expected to be a modest benefit in the fourth quarter. Higher self-insurance accruals negatively impact Ground margins by approximately 180 basis points. The combination of headwinds of the expansion to six and seven-day delivery and the loss of the Amazon volume negatively impact Ground margins by approximately 190 basis points. These factors were partially offset by residential delivery volume growth at FedEx Ground, an approximately $100 million benefit from additional operating week day, an 11% increase in revenue per hundredweight at FedEx Freight which helped drive their best third quarter operating income ever, the shifting of Cyber Week into December and the benefits of cost containment activities, which has lowered our year-to-date FedEx Services expenses allocated to our transportation segments through intercompany charges. Our third quarter effective tax rate increased to 25% versus 20.6% last year, primarily because last year's net income included a tax benefit in the recognition of certain loss carry-forwards, which was partially offset by tax expense attributable to the enactment of a lower tax rate in the Netherlands. We are suspending our fiscal 2020 earnings forecast for our consolidated and segment results due to the great uncertainty caused by the coronavirus pandemic. While we cannot currently predict how long the economic impact of the pandemic will last, we do remain confident in our long-term strategy and our ability to adjust to market conditions. We will continue to manage network capacity at FedEx Express by reducing international flight hours in the fourth quarter if global economic conditions deteriorate further. However, if global air freight demand increases as the world recovers from the COVID-19 pandemic, we have the ability to flex our network to meet the needs of customers. We expect continued revenue growth at FedEx Ground during the fourth quarter. However, we expect higher operating costs and the expansion to year-round seven-day residential delivery and weak economic conditions will negatively impact FedEx Ground results in the fourth quarter. To further mitigate near-term headwinds and position us for future earnings growth, we are attacking costs throughout the enterprise including continuing to retire our oldest and least efficient aircraft, integrating TNT and lowering our residential delivery cost by having FedEx Ground deliver FedEx SmartPost in certain FedEx Express packages. In addition to these cost actions, our FY '21 performance should also benefit from the lapping of the loss of the Amazon business, lapping the cost of FedEx Ground seven-day delivery expansion, one additional operating weekday, increased synergies from the TNT integration, profitable market share gains and a rebound in demand for our services, as the coronavirus pandemic subsides. We expect to finish FY '20 with capital spending of approximately $5.9 billion. Given the uncertainty and business conditions, we are reviewing in great detail our planned spending for FY '21. Our capital intensity is expected to decline after FY '22 as committed aircraft deliveries are substantially lower in FY '23 and beyond. To finish my remarks, I want to congratulate Mike Lenz for being named my successor. Mike has been an invaluable part of the FedEx finance organization with his leadership of our treasury, investor relations and strategic finance teams. He is uniquely qualified to guide our Company to improve financial success. Now to the outlook. Although we have been performing well in March up to today, as Raj discussed, there is so much uncertainty that we cannot give guidance nor comment on any question related to near-term financial performance. And now the operator can begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear first today from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: I don't know if this is for Raj or Alan. I guess I'll just leave it a general question. But as you look forward on your canceled outlook, what worries you most here? Is it the scale of the recession? Maybe you can give some insight into what made you cancel the outlook. Is it kind of the rates - the increase in air rate not offsetting the decline in demand and the scale of that demand decline? Maybe just give some parameters on it. Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: Ken, this is Raj. I think if you think - the last couple of weeks, we have seen, as I said earlier, an increased demand from Asia. We've seen strong demand for FedEx Ground here in the US and especially home delivery and even the commercial volumes have been quite stable. And we - what we do not know now is how this pandemic evolves and what happens to demand. For instance, we do not know how Europe demand is going to come through here as a lot of their manufacturing is starting to shut down there. So there are so many unknowns at this point. And as Alan said, the first two weeks of March have been good. But there is no way for us to project forward what the next a few weeks hold for us.
Alan Graf: I think, as you probably heard from a lot of people out there, Ken, if it's a V-shape it's one thing, if it's a U-shape, it's something else completely. We are really managing this business almost on a day-to-day basis. We certainly think we know what's going to happen in the next week. But I have to tell you every 24 hours something new happens. Europe had been doing well. Now it seems that Europe and UK are starting to shut down a little bit more and the demand is probably going to be less than I would have told you it was three days ago. We can't tell you about Asia is the same thing, is this a bubble or is this going to continue. I do know that we have great plans in shape from the cost side to go either way and that's the best we can tell you right now because it is just so uncertain out there.
Operator: We'll move next to David Ross with Stifel.
David Ross: Just a question on the transition of SmartPost bringing in-house to Ground. Given everything that's going on now, are you slowing the migration away from the postal service or speeding it up? And then once it's all within the Ground segment, what happens to the SmartPost product?
Raj Subramaniam: David, I think we are continuing the process of moving SmartPost into FedEx Ground as we have previously discussed and this was a purely an economic decision. That's all it was. And the reason we're doing it is with a few reasons. One is of course density. Matching stops and adjacency drives significant stop efficiencies for us. And then second is our enhanced technology. With our Dynamic Route Optimization, it maximizes productivity opportunities in route planning. So we've put that together and we are continuing at pace and we are roughly halfway there and we'll continue to keep moving forward for the rest of the calendar year. In terms of the product, I'll have Brie answer that question.
Brie Carere: Yes, it's a great question. We continue to believe that we need two distinct products. We will have our home delivery product as well as what is currently the SmartPost product. It will be rebranded in the future. We will give sub-pound volume to the post office as that makes sense. But we believe we need two separate products because the slower economy product we will flex that transit as required and we will also flex that transit for peak. We really do you think there are two distinct markets that we can grow into with this portfolio.
Operator: And from JPMorgan we'll hear next from Brian Ossenbeck.
Brian Ossenbeck: I just wanted - Alan, if you could ask - if you could give a little bit more detail rather on the cost initiatives. It sounds like you're doing some things we've heard of before, retiring the fleet, doing TNT, doing the Ground to Express. But what else is on the radar realizing it's uncertain at this point? Can you commit to anything else given the outlook has been pulled and there's a lot of moving parts out there? Thank you.
Alan Graf: Well, I do want to emphasize, Brian, that and also to the last question, as we continue to grow Ground and grow its densities, we are lowering those costs at a rapid clip and that is a big part of what's going to I think benefit Ground greatly as we look at - look going forward. That's not a Q4 comment. That's just where we need to be strategically. The same thing with the amount of flat hours that we've taken out right now as we continue to right-size the intercontinental air network at Express. Those two are the big giant buckets. But everywhere else with technology and productivity, we - if we can - as we continue to grow, we think that we will be taking out a lot of additional costs just from efficiencies. We've frozen and reduced our overhead. I have a number of scenarios, good and not so good, where we will know what steps to take as we go through this. And as I've said, this is a day-to-day and week-to-week look right now and we're managing as we go. And I'm confident that we'll be successful in doing that short of some really bad outcome that I don't know that anybody is projecting at this point.
Operator: We'll move next to UBS's Tom Wadewitz.
Tom Wadewitz: And I want to say congratulations, Alan, on your announced retirement. I have covered the Company a long time and you've always been the CFO. It's been great to work with you over the years. Congratulations to Mike as well. The - let's see, wanted to ask you on the Express B2C shipments that are going to be delivered in Ground. Maybe if you could offer some thoughts on kind of time frame for how long it takes to roll it out. And how do we think about the magnitude of cost savings? It seems it could be large, but it also might require reengineering of the pickup and delivery routes in Express to realize the cost savings. I wondered if you could offer some thoughts on that. Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Tom, this is Raj. So yes, we have started this process in March, as I said before, and the rollout is fully under way. We will be in the rest of the country by in the next 12 months and I already talked about the markets that will be in April. So it's a fast-moving program and it's - as we - as the market grown for B2C there's an opportunity to rationalize the last mile optimization, specifically on the residential side. At this point we're not going to be able to tell you the quantification of the benefits and there is a lot more to come here. And for good reason, I don't want to also talk about what comes next in this regard.
Alan Graf: There are, Tom, thank you for those kind remarks. I appreciate it. Mike is going to be - doing a great job. You all are in good hands with him. A couple of things. Express is going to grow and it's going to be delivering items that require aviation and are going long distance that are time-sensitive. So, we will manage that at the same time, we're managing the flow of the slower moving pieces that have been in Express to Ground because they can make the delivery time. That's just a normal evolution that we couldn't do a couple of years ago because we didn't have the technology to do it. Now we have the technology to do it. And as Raj says, we're about halfway through that. And as we continue to ramp up our technology investments, we've got other things on the horizon as well. So there is a complete program of how we're transforming the operating networks of FedEx Corporation to what we think the future market is going to be, which is a lot more e-commerce, hopefully we'll have international growth again and that's where we're moving to.
Operator: From Goldman Sachs, we'll hear from Jordan Alliger.
Jordan Alliger: Question, you had obviously pretty strong growth in Ground in the quarter and maybe with all that's going on, it will continue to be pretty solid as people order from home. You also mentioned a few headwinds, notably the six and seven-day delivery, Amazon, I guess the self-insurance maybe in there. Realizing there's still costs ahead to roll that out, sort of - pretty load sort of for the growth. I mean, do you expect a diminishment in the magnitude of the headwinds as we move forward into the next quarter or do they stay sticky for the near term?
Alan Graf: No. I expect the headwinds to diminish. There's a lot of things that we piled upon Ground from a strategic standpoint. We are going to wait later till Sunday. We said, no, let's get it going. We took the Amazon traffic out for strict strategic reasons, as you understand. On our PLPD, it's been very frustrating. We're working every day to improve our safety in every one of our companies. At Ground, in particular, we are rapidly expanding our use of cameras and video recorders, and where we do that we see the severity and the frequency of accidents decline significantly. But we have a backlog of old claims that has continued to harness a bit, and we had to take another significant charge in Q3. Hopefully that's behind us. We're learning how to manage this much better in today's litigious society. And I think we will improve both the severity and the frequency and how we handle these things. And I hope that we can put that behind us as well. I'm very excited about what I know is going to be our cost structure at Ground, particularly in the next 12 to 18 months. And we have to get to the low-cost producer, and we are committed to do so.
Raj Subramaniam: And if I can add to that, Jordan, is that the customer demand is very strong. As the value proposition that Brie talked about earlier, we are now the market leading player in e-commerce in the United States, and the demand we are seeing from small, medium and large is very good. And now we have a very, very diversified customer base and we can leverage off of that.
Operator: We'll move on to Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: So lots of concerns in the market broadly about balance sheets, cash flow. Maybe Alan, what are you guys doing to support the balance sheet? What's the level of flexibility on CapEx for next year? And then separately, just generally on the Express, can you just clarify, did you still take out the 7% of the capacity you talked about last quarter and any way to think about fuel in this environment? I know that's a few questions. Thanks.
Alan Graf: Yes. A little more than one. So let me hit the big one. I mean, obviously we've got all kinds of scenario planning for cash flow, right. I mean, you've got to have liquidity. That's what everybody is looking for. We're part of the A4A group that submitted our request, via them to the government about some liquidity support. We have a doomsday scenario where we can definitely cut as much CapEx out of '21 as we need to. I don't think we're going to hit that. I think our cash flows are going to be strong, but I can't tell you that until we get through the coronavirus. And nobody knows when that's going to be. So we are managing the heck out of it right now. We have a - we just increased our revolver. We have many, many, many unencumbered beautiful new aircraft that we could use if we needed to for liquidity. So, I think as compared to my friends in the passenger business, we are in really good shape in that regard. As to fuel, if it stays down here, it should have somewhat of a benefit. But the fuel surcharge is just one of the surcharges that we use in managing our business. So we'll just see how that goes. We had committed to you I think 6% to 8% of flat out reduction in Q4. I would say, today, we're not there because we're flying more in Asia than we had expected to, but we're pretty close to that range.
Operator: Moving next to Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Just going to your comments on Asia and manufacturing. A number of industrials are talking about the increasing need for speed of the supply chain. I know you were talking - I think you had mentioned you're back to capacity there. How quickly can you evolve or add incremental capacity in there to maybe supply the increased demand over the next few weeks? Any comments there?
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, that's the value of our FedEx network. And we are able to flex up or down as needed. In this particular case, as we talked about the flight hours earlier, our planned flight schedule is to be down 7.5%. However, we are tactically deploying excess sections as we see the opportunity to move like additional profitable business in this capacity constrained environment. So, that's again, we are a key player in connecting the global commerce, and this fact becomes ever more evident in this current circumstances, especially out of China right now.
Operator: From Credit Suisse, we'll hear from Allison Landry.
Allison Landry: So, just considering the prospects for a global or US recession or a severe downturn, how should we think about the decremental margins at Express relative to what you've done in the second half of fiscal 2009? And specifically, could you frame the structural changes you've made in the business during the PIP and even in more recent years that maybe could result in some downside protection relative to historical decrementals? Thank you.
Alan Graf: I've been through a few of these in my four year career at FedEx and I think we've always rebounded very well from and always managed them very well. Obviously, you're talking about like one of our scenarios, it's way down on the realm of likelihood and possibility as of today, but we still have to have it. So it's all the normal levers that you would imagine it would be. But, as probably from my point of view, a company that's best positioned to continue to keep global supply chains up as we fight this virus and then rebound from it, I think we're in great shape in that regard. So it just depends on how long it lasts and how much demand there is. But there is going to be demand. People are going to be needing medical supplies; people are going to be needing to eat; people that can run businesses are going to run businesses, and they're going to rely on us to help them with their supply chains, and we're confident in that.
Operator: We'll move next to Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: So I guess I just wanted to ask the strategic rationale behind bringing SmartPost in house. You're trying to drive delivery density obviously to residential stops. But at the same time, from a purely analytical perspective, isn't this potentially diluting the revenue base with the $5 product effectively now being served by an $8 network. Or is that overly simplifying the issue?
Alan Graf: Well, I've talked about the cost part, and I'll turn it over to Brie to talk about the dilution part. Every time we have a match or a near match of the SmartPost package in our Ground network, our costs are significantly below the postage for SmartPost. So it's just math. And the more of those we get out there, the more productive then our independent service providers can be with everything else that they're delivering. So it has a wonderful effect on the productivity and the cost per package across the entire network. And it's working extremely well. I'll let Brie talk about the marketing part.
Brie Carere: Sure. As I mentioned before, there is a couple of different nuances from a features or service perspective, but they are important. The first from a home delivery perspective, it is a guaranteed product. The SmartPost product is not a guaranteed product. So if you need that peace of mind you're going to pay for it. And we continue - as I mentioned earlier, we have studied this with a lot of rigor and a lot of in-depth analysis our two distinct markets there. In addition to that, we have a variety of different features of service on the Home Delivery product. There are different features of service from a consumer perspective. We call them consumer delivery options that are available on the Home Delivery product. They're not available on the economy product. And as I mentioned earlier, we do believe that a portion of the product, the sub-pound, will continue to be delivered by the post office. We've studied this. We think this is the right portfolio, and we're very confident in that decision.
Operator: Moving on to Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of business trends among your core B2B customers? It certainly sounds like B2C traffic has been strong over the last couple of weeks. But what's happening with that core B2B base? Have you seen a change there over the last two to three weeks, given the virus impact? And as you think about your leverage to small and mid-sized businesses, how do you think those particular customers are going to trend as we look out over the next few weeks?
Brie Carere: Yes, it's a great question. Let me talk about our B2B base because it does vary around the world. Here in the United States, as Raj mentioned, from a commercial business, we see that currently to date, it is quite stable. From an Asia perspective, we're actually quite optimistic. From a stock replenishment perspective, we have seen throughout the month of March really day-over-day, week-over-week improvements from a volume, and the vast majority of what we have coming out of Asia, the vast majority actually is commercial traffic. What we talked about this morning actually when we looked at the Chinese recovery, what we have seen is 90% to 95% of large manufacturers in China are now back to work in some capacity. Closer to 65% to 70% of small businesses in Mainland China are coming back to work from a manufacturing perspective. So we believe output is in around 65% to 75% and we are seeing that rebound. So from an Asia perspective, we feel really good, large customer leading, small customer coming back from a China perspective. Europe, right now we can't predict because it has had the most change, I would say in the last 24 to 48 hours. You've all seen the media. We do anticipate by the end of the week to be incremental manufacturing closures in Europe. So we are anticipating more softness there in Europe, but the US is strong and Asia is in really good shape as we speak today.
Operator: And from Cowen we'll hear next from Helane Becker.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Alan I can't believe it, an end of an era for you and for me. It's very sad but congratulations and best wishes on your retirement. My question is really for Fred. There was a lot of change in the world in 2019 that affected you guys with the trade wars and so on. Could you just talk about how you think this whole coronavirus will change the way the world does business, if at all? Thank you.
Fred Smith: Well, Helane, it is indeed an end of an era. I tried to talk Alan out of it. I have told him, we were just getting started here, but I think he's got his priorities right with Susan and his family. But he is still the CFO till September the 21st at midnight. And then I'll have a lot more to say about Alan on the next couple of calls. So, Helane, I think one of the things that we've been in the midst of and it's been a bit of a disappointment to the SMC and me in particular that we haven't gotten across to people how fundamentally changed the world was before the coronavirus. I mean we were the first people in the fall of 2018, in fact, it was on one of these analyst calls that basically we said Europe is essentially moving into a business recession because when the trade war began in March of 2018 when the President famously said trade wars are good and easy to win, people missed the point that it wasn't just China that was in the sights, it was Europe. And it was a ricochet bullet that hit Germany. So by the fall of 2018 we began to see that. And if you look at the PMIs from that point forward, really until the last couple of months of 2019, they look like a ski slope and then they flattened out. So we've done a wonderful job, I think, of trying to deal with that. We were hopeful that it was going to be a China deal on the trade side in the spring of 2019 and in fact we were told that was the case. It didn't happen. We would probably done some different things have we not been a bit more optimistic then back. So fundamentally the major change that's gone on, and FedEx had been talking about it for a long time, is the reduction in world trade and the rising of protectionism and mercantilism and a lot of tariff and non-tariff barriers. So you had the coronavirus on top of that and world GDP growth this year is going to be extremely small. And I know we've suspended our economic outlook. So I think that's - number one is, you're going to see probably less international trade because of those political trends. Maybe it will turn around, but there is nothing that seems to be a catalyst at the moment that says that. Second, I suspect this will be somewhat more short term than long term because people forget that there was a tremendous flu epidemic I think it was in 2009 and a lot of people thought that things would change permanently as a result of that. They didn't. Now the coronavirus, maybe a little bit different because it's so virulent obviously in terms of the contagion. It doesn't seem to be as dangerous to most people, but the lethality for older people with underlying diseases is quite stark. So if I had to speculate and that's all it would be having sat on the ATA and what's now the A4A boards and so forth, at least in the near term you're going to have a lot more use of video conferencing and very prudent steps to minimize a lot of business travel. I think, I think that's going to be a big one. And then third, we are already in the midst of this e-commerce revolution and we've leaned into it as we've said, particularly as we went into this fiscal year. I don't think that that's going to stop. And I think the major retailers are very heavily focused on that and people misunderstand the e-commerce market as not just one monolithic market, there is sort of the Tier 1 set of inventory, Tier 2 and Tier 3. Tier 1 are the things we use every day, paper towels and consumables in one thing and I believe I am correct and Amazon announced today or recently that they were going to restrict a lot of the non-essential products. So you see the big retailers and our big customers moving to be very effective competitors into this Tier 1. And to get to Raj and Alan's point, again we are very confident we are the low-cost producer. We didn't insource SmartPost because we felt it was a good idea. We did it because the basic math said that we should and with this Tier 1 short-haul e-commerce, we think we can be the low-cost producer and the market leader there. And in fact we don't think it, we know it, and so we've leaned into it painfully but we said that at the first of the year that this would be a year of challenge and change. And as I said, now you have the corona environment - coronavirus on top of it. So those are the three things I think are going to change. Probably slower global GDP growth and international trade. We think we can take significant market share there, but we have to be very disciplined. And number two, I think you will have some changes in business travel, maybe all travel, but certainly business travel. And then third, I think the e-commerce revolution will continue and we plan to be a big part of that.
Operator: Moving next Citi's Chris Wetherbee.
Chris Wetherbee: Want to come back to Ground for a moment and maybe try to better understand what we think the cadence of sort of improvement in the margins might be. I understand it's very difficult to provide guidance in the circumstances we're at now. But just given the progression that we've seen so far pre-virus, it would seem like there has been a little bit of a stagnation of the ability to kind of move that margin back up. You called out 370 basis points of specific impacts was kind of get this closer to flattish from an EBIT perspective despite significant revenue growth. So maybe it's SmartPost, it's maybe just a matter of time before that build density drives better incremental margins. But if you could just give us a sense of what that trajectory might look like? What needs to happen to get those margins to start moving back just given how robust the top line is right now?
Alan Graf: Well, I don't know how to tell any better than I have so far, Chris. I can't really give it to you about Q4. I can tell you that, as I said, we got out there with Saturday and Sunday because we made the strategic move to get out there and do it. I think that will pay off in a big way and we start to lap that next fiscal year. We are halfway through of our technology implementations on our route optimizations and our scheduling. We're growing the densities as we grow the business. Every one of those things is driving down cost per package. We did get out with some of the Tier 1 closed zone pricing anticipating that we would over time get our cost down there so those would be more profitable. And so, yes, that's part of it as part of the strategy. But as the way I said it before, I mean, I know where the costs are heading. I know what we're doing to get closer to customers on both sides of the equation where the traffic has an origin or where it has a destination. We're doing a great job with that. We talked about the regional sort facilities that we're putting up. So there are so many things under way and more to come, as, again, we're completely transforming Ground. We're not having the yields overall on a total standpoint because we don't have the B2B traffic we thought we would have. But we're managing through that and we'll get back on pace on that as well.
Raj Subramaniam: And just one thing to add, Alan. The good news here is the customers are, they are taking into service, and we are taking share, especially in the e-commerce space. And I think when you put the two factors together, it results in a positive outcome for Ground.
Operator: We'll move next to Ben Hartford with Baird.
Ben Hartford: And Alan, congrats on your retirement. Raj, just some further perspective on air freight and load factors and how it's most likely to play out, given presumptive B2B business headwinds in Europe and the US to come, but specifically Europe. How long do you think this demand to supply in-equilibrium with these high load factors to persist out of Asia? How long do you think that will be? Until we start to see the market respond with more freighter and perhaps some of the belly space capacity come back online with some risk economically in some of the more developed markets? Any way to kind of describe as you see it right now, how long we should be riding this very, very robust load factor that we're experiencing in Asia at the moment?
Raj Subramaniam: I'm not sure how best to answer the question other than to kind of go through what we just went through. The demand we are seeing out of Asia right now is quite robust. And if you look for - the intra-Asia load factor is at a record, which is also very interesting - Asia to Europe and Asia to US. And the manufacturing capacity is coming back online, and the capacity of airfreight is down. So net-net, we are seeing the demand, and we should see that go forward. As far as Europe is concerned, very, very early to tell. We're dealing with information that's literally 24 hours old. And trying to project that out is impossible. One thing that I know though is that 60% of the transatlantic traffic went on belly capacity. And as that capacity comes down, the capacity is going to be severely constrained. That much I can tell you. As far as the demand, we have to wait and see, and it's too early for me to say anything about that right now.
Operator: We'll hear now from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors: Could you update us on how far along you are with your ground delivery partners negotiating the contracts that are going to build the SmartPost and Express last mile integration? Any thoughts in areas where you've already got that structure in place? Have you seen the volume and density economics change favorably as you expected? Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam: So, nearly half of the SmartPost volume currently is delivered by ground service provider business and we expect to be virtually complete by the end of calendar year 2020 and with some of the exceptions that Brie talked about earlier. As to the contractual relationship with our independent service providers, these are great partners. They run very efficient businesses. They love the additional volume that they're getting. We work with them on a continuous basis to make sure that we're giving them everything they can. We're helping them with their scheduling, helping them build their density so they can make their business more profitable. So it's a great relationship.
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to turn things over to Mickey Foster for any closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions on FedEx. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: And again that does conclude today's conference. We do appreciate you joining us today.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-12-17 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference. Please note, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. The second quarter Form 10-Q, earnings release, and stat book are on our Web site at FedEx.com. This call is being streamed from our Web site where the replay will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our Q&A session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at FedEx.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Alan Graf, Executive VP and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Brie Carere; Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer; Don Colleran, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground, who is on the phone; John Smith, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, Fred Smith will share his views in the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, everyone, good afternoon, and we appreciate you participating in our second quarter FY'20 call. As we've said before, we continue to be in a period of challenges and changes. Before addressing specific issues, let me thank over 490,000 FedEx team members around the world for delivering an outstanding peak season for our customers. First, let me deal with the challenges. The quarter just ended is an anomaly because of the compressed shipping season before Christmas necessitating a significant bow wave of expenses to handle volumes that will largely fall in our third fiscal quarter. In addition, this quarter has seen significant effects on the industrial economy due to continuing trade disputes, including reductions in international air freight and tepid, at best, B2B domestic parcel and freight shipping. Despite these issues, we remain highly confident in our strategies, which we believe will begin to bear fruit by our fourth fiscal quarter, and then into FY'21 absent negative macroeconomic developments. Now the changes, as we announced last summer, FedEx is aggressively expanding North American package services for the rapidly growing ecommerce market to include year-round seven-day delivery. In-sourcing most SmartPost volumes formally given to the Postal Service, standing up more dedicated ground large package facilities given the remarkable growth in demand for the delivery of oversized items in new unique short haul services. While these are the most visible changes, numerous other new technologies and operating processes are being deployed to ensure we can profitably deliver increasing numbers of lighter-weight residential packages. These strategies are being well-received in the marketplace with record peak package volumes, which are substantially above last year, and well over forecast with excellent service levels and high overall customer satisfaction. In the fourth fiscal quarter, we forecast FedEx Ground margins will again be in the teens. The second area of strategic change is in FedEx Express international operations to include the completion of European ground interoperability in the fourth quarter of fiscal year '20. Also, we are taking down intercontinental capacity right after Christmas as our hopes for a restoration in trade growth, expressed last June, has simply not materialized due to the trade disputes. Given these two major initiatives as FedEx Express rolls into FY'21, we believe we will improve profitability in the segment. While we have numerous other programs underway in FedEx Freight, FedEx Logistics, and FedEx Office that are extremely important, there are two additional areas that deserve comment, our focus on yields and CapEx, which Brie, Raj, and Alan will cover in detail in their remarks. In regard to CapEx, let me just emphasize we are deferring capital, if not essential for safety service, or replacement, or obsolescence. Longer-term, by fiscal '22 year end, the replacement of 159 A310 and MD-10 aircraft will be complete. This will lead to a significant reduction in the corporation's ongoing capital expenditures on both an absolute basis and percent of revenues from FY'23 forward. Now, Brie, Raj, and Alan will comment. Then we'll answer your questions. Brie?
Brie Carere: Thank you, Fred. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll open with our economic outlook, then dive directly into commercial strategy and how we're delivering some incredible solutions for our customers that will position FedEx to drive increased profit. Economic growth in the U.S. slowed in calendar year '19, and we continue to see a split between solid consumer economy and a struggling manufacturing sector. Consumers are supported by a robust labor market, while manufacturers have been hampered by trade policy uncertainty and an ongoing inventory correction. The latest developments on trade are positive, but uncertainty remains. The avoidance of tariffs on approximately $160 billion of goods scheduled for December 15th, and the reduction of tariffs on the September 1st list on $120 billion, from 15% to 7.5% is in fact good news. We look forward to continued progress and the signing of a Phase I deal in January. Further, we believe that the U.K. is now in position to manage a more predictable and orderly Brexit. Our economic outlook does not reflect any continued trade momentum beyond the two changes mentioned to the tariffs above at current. In the eurozone, manufacturing production appears to be stabilizing at low level. Germany's industrial sector however is still in decline. Looking ahead to calendar year '20 European GDP growth rates will likely remain in line with where they are now. In Asia, China's slowdown is expected to continue to the first-half of the year, but should have some opportunity in the back-half of 2020. Total trade between the European Union and China slowed significantly in calendar year '19 as slower growth and impacts from trade tensions have weighed on trade flows. Global trade volumes contracted year-over-year again in calendar quarter three, and will show contraction for the full calendar year. We should see a return to positive growth for calendar year '20 assuming no re-escalation in trade tensions. Now, turning to what we can control, we are laser focused on executing strategies centered on five areas, ecommerce, international profitability, market-leading revenue quality, B2B growth, and operational excellence and innovation, which Raj will cover. We are evolving our global portfolio and are already winning significant new ecommerce business. While we are excited about the future of ecommerce, we continue to have teams dedicated to the growth of our core B2B business. Also, we have found great opportunities to grow within the B2B market by leading with our innovative ecommerce portfolio, which I will come back to in a moment. At FedEx Ground, we have the market leading ecommerce portfolio. We continue to see strong demand across all customer segments with our new seven-day service. We will increase our speed advantage during the New Year. Our Sunday rollout will speed up some lanes by one and two full transit days. This will increase our advantage significantly. And as you know, we are already faster by at least one day when compared to UPS' ground service in 25% of lanes. It is also really important to note our speed advantage in seven-day service is also very valuable for the premium B2B sectors, including healthcare and perishable shippers. We are equally excited about our returns offerings, which are growing at double-digit rates year-over-year. With our expanded retail presence and low returns market share I am confident we will see this growth accelerate and continue for many years. Returns is a quickly growing market with 15% of ecommerce orders are returned. Returns are an attractive growth segment because it's basically a B2B move. In FY'20 we've seen significant growth of our retail locations, including Walgreens and Dollar General, as well as the volume within these locations. Year-to-date, we have expanded our presence in 1,800 Dollar General stores, reaching 14,000 staffed [haul] [ph] locations, where customers can come and retrieve their packages. We will continue to expand in the New Year, and by peak season of next year, 90% of the U.S. population will be within five miles of a FedEx drop off and pickup location. At FedEx Express, we are enhancing the value propositions we are famous for, our premium time-definite services for commercial shippers. We are rapidly innovating to leverage technology to increase control, security, and visibility for our Express customer base. We will continue to lean into sensor-based technology to differentiate our services for healthcare, aerospace, and high-tech segments. Turning to Freight, last quarter we discussed our FedEx Freight Direct Service, which provides freight deliveries right to or through the front door. Freight Direct currently covers 81% of the U.S. population, and is anticipated to cover 90% by this coming July. FedEx Freight Direct is a market leading value proposition, including a two-hour delivery window to your room of choice will full packaging removal delivered, of course, by our FedEx team members. We have a strong pipeline and expect some prominent retailers to begin using this service, in January. The pipeline for B2B customers for Freight Direct is also very strong as we see great opportunities to deliver to spas, dental offices, and schools. Revenue quality is one of our five key strategies. We will continue to deliver strong market performance in this area. First, we are excited about our momentum in the small business segment. Secondly, we continue to strategically manage our portfolio of large customers. And finally, we continue to manage both annual increases and contract negotiations to ensure we are appropriately compensated for the comprehensive service we provide. As an example, we announced rate increases for large packages for Jan, this coming January. FedEx continues to experience strong demand for transportation of larger and heavier packages. The rate increases reflect our commitment to continually invest in our business, while responsibly managing capacities through our network to maintain outstanding service for these larger packages. Turning to International and our focus on improved profitability, I am confident in our growth prospects in Europe. We have seen year-over-year momentum in growth in our personal volume intra-Europe and Intercontinental to the U.S. from Europe. We have the strongest pipeline and activation for commercial that I have seen since the beginning of integration. We are creating momentum as a result of having the sales integration behind us now. Further, we are leveraging our world class U.S. domestic network to penetrate the e-commerce market from Europe to the U.S. As I mentioned on our last call, we are far less penetrated in e-commerce outside of the U.S. compared to our competitors. We have quickly pivoted to develop necessary solutions and are confident this represents a significant opportunity for both our Europe and our APAC regions. Finally, FedEx kicked off the peak season with a stunning Cyber Monday, and a feat made possible by the best team members in the business. Raj will discuss peak in more detail. So, let me now turn the call over to him for his remarks.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Brie, and good afternoon, everyone. I too would like to start by sending a sincere thank you to our more than 490,000 team members, who are working relentlessly to deliver a successful peak season for our customers. And we are off to an exceptionally strong start this compressed peak season. As data indicates, we moved 37.8 million packages on Cyber Monday. This exceeded our published projections of more than 33 million packages and represents a 17% increase over Cyber Monday last year. Additionally, December 9 and December 16, which was yesterday both were historic volume days for FedEx. Our outstanding service during peak is supported by our people and the significant investments we have made in the FedEx Ground network over the past two decades. Now turning to Q2, I am not pleased with our financial results. And to that end, we have focus areas across the enterprise on B2B, e-commerce, international profitability, market leading revenue quality and operational excellence. In the short-term, this includes targeted actions to shore up our financial performance. We expect a reduction in intercontinental and domestic air capacity post peak and an overall reduction of costs in our express business. This action should result in the decrease of international and domestic flight hours by about 68% year-over-year in Q4. Additionally, we are permanently retiring our fleet of 10 A310s. The reduction in flight hours would allow us to temporarily park 14 aircrafts by the end of fiscal year '20. We will also permanently retire another 29 aircraft over the next 30 months. It is imperative that while we reduce our cost to serve, we also drive higher yields to improve profitability. Capacity reductions will bring greater focus on revenue quality as we generate more compensatory volume through the network. As Brie mentioned, we're once again implementing our rate increase in January and have added further increases on accessorials and surcharges. Yields will also benefit from gains and our share of the small and medium shipper market and renewed focus on B2B shipments. At FedEx Freight, we continue to focus on yield management, profitable growth, and aligning our cost structure to the lower volumes throughout FY'20. These efforts have enabled FedEx Freight to significantly offset the impact from softening economic condition. This is yet another example of matching capacity to demand. FedEx Ground is experiencing cost headwinds as we undergo remarkable transformation to seven-day service. With the late Thanksgiving this year, we incurred peak ramp-up costs in Q2 with none of the revenue benefit. Additionally, due to the slowdown in industrial production and other macro economic factors, commercial traffic has not been what we expected. Our B2B business provides greater density and stronger yields than B2C, and so, we are renewing our focus on commercial traffic, which makes up a significant portion of our ground volume. However, recognizing that e-commerce is the fastest growing segment in our business, we are working to position FedEx Ground as the B2C player. We have spent years enhancing our network, and today our FedEx Ground Network is well-equipped for handling this rapidly growing market, including seven-day operations for the majority of the U.S., and the dedicated large package operations for handling the growth and heavy and bulky items moving to the ground network. We're also increasing efficiency through technology as part of this network transformation. This includes offering technology to our service providers, which we call Dynamic Route Optimization or DRO, the system in preparing for increased residential volume associated with e-commerce growth. DRO technology provides near real time data that service providers can use to optimize route timing. Additionally, service providers may use this data to make decisions regarding their vehicle mix and workforce to accommodate the increase in both small and large packages. This new technology and data visibility allows service providers to make dynamic decisions with the most effective and productive way to run their business as well. All of this is expected to drive efficiency, while further strengthen the reliability of what residential and commercial FedEx Ground service. Looking ahead, our investments in this business ensure we are optimizing capacity and productivity in the long-term. Now turning to Europe, we are on track to meet the May 31, 2020 target date for interoperability of the intra-European ground networks. This will lower costs as the related FedEx Express operations are optimized. In fiscal year '21, the next key milestone will be the completion of the integration of the remaining pickup and delivery operations in Europe, and during the first half of fiscal '22, we will complete the end network integration, bringing to close the physical network integration of TNT into FedEx. They're progressing towards important milestones and we have significant commercial momentum. Our sales pipeline is strong and activation is the best it has been since you started the integration. As we grow our intra-European parcel business, it will benefit from a lower pickup and delivery cost. And looking ahead, the rationale behind the TNT acquisition remains sound, the value that we estimated at the beginning of the process remains largely achievable. As I've said before, FedEx remains committed to delivering long-term profitable growth. In the near-term, we are focused on decreasing costs and improving revenue quality. We continue to be very excited about our prospects ahead as we transform the ground company complete the TNT integration and the right size our network. Given a more stable economic environment, these measures should produce strong results for the corporation. Now, let me turn it over to Alan Graf to provide details on our financials, Alan.
Alan Graf: Thank you very much Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start by saying our second quarter results were very disappointing, and I will discuss the drivers and actions we are taking, but first, let me take a minute to provide further context around our strategy and the decisions we have made. For many years, a fundamental component of our strategy and investment was capitalizing on the growth of global trade, which has powered economic development around the globe since World War II. As recently as 18 months ago, we were seeing accelerating returns from our differentiated international network with greater capabilities imminent as we continued with the TNT integration. While we are encouraged by and supportive of the recent trade agreement with China, it is clear that the dynamics of trade growth have changed, and we must adapt accordingly. In addition, following the passage of the tax cuts and Jobs Act in December of 2017, we reviewed our capital priorities, and accelerated intentionally the essential replacement of our oldest aircraft due to the incentives within the TCJA. These investments amidst the current environment are impacting our financial performance. Getting back to second quarter results, weak global trade and manufacturing drove less-than-expected demand for our most profitable package and freight services across all our business segments. These conditions are especially challenging in Europe, where capacity and network reduction opportunities are limited due to the current stage of integration as we are operating duplicate road and air networks. As we discussed, cost headwinds at FedEx Ground are largely driven by the expansion of six and seven-day delivery due to a minimum number of employees required to staff and operate the new schedule prior to the volume and revenue coming on. The loss of volume from Amazon had a larger negative impact to the second quarter than the first quarter, since the FedEx Ground contract with Amazon expire in August. Year-over-year comparisons for the second quarter were also negatively impacted by the later timing of Thanksgiving, as Raj mentioned, and I can't emphasize enough, which resulted in the shifting of cyber week revenues into December. The headwinds and expansion of six and seven-day delivery, the loss of Amazon volume, and Cyber Week shifting to the third quarter accounted for approximately 60% on the Ground margin decline year-over-year. Higher self-insurance accruals also negatively impacted Ground margins by approximately 90 basis points. Package and freight yields across our businesses have been negatively impacted due to a mix shift of lower price services, lower weight per shipment, and increasingly competitive pricing environment. Depreciation increased with strategic investment programs, including the modernization of FedEx Express aircraft and hubs, and investments in technology across the enterprise that will further optimize our networks, as well as enhanced safety and capabilities. Partially offsetting these negative factors, with benefits from a tax benefit of $133 million from the recognition of certain foreign tax loss carry-forwards, an approximately $65 million decrease in variable incentive compensation and increased revenue per shipment at FedEx rate it was doing quite well. So, FedEx Express recorded asset impairment charges of $66 million related to the permanent retirement of 10 Airbus A310-300 aircraft and 12 related engines. The company is continuing to evaluate if additional aircraft retirements are warranted. For fiscal 2020, we are now forecasting adjusted earnings per share of $10.25 to $11.50. Our revised guidance reflects lower than expected revenue on each transportation segment and higher than expected expenses driven by the continued mix shift to residential services. In response, we are implementing reductions to the global FedEx Express air network to better match capacity with demand. We're also further restricting, hiring, and pursuing opportunities to optimize our networks including investments in technology aimed at improving our productivity and continuing to lower our costs. Year-over-year adjusted operating profit comparisons should improve in Q3 and Q4 well to be Q2 and as Fred said, we're optimistic about FY'21. We now expect to incur approximately $325 million of TNT integration expenses in FY'20 and $1.7 billion in total through FY'21. We expect to begin realizing synergies from the integration of FedEx Express and TNT ground networks during FY'21. And these synergies are expected to increase significantly after the completion of the air network integration in FY'22. Improving residential package density is a key aspect of grand strategy to combat residential delivery costs challenges. We expect delivery density to improve as we further integrate the delivery of FedEx SmartPost operations into our standard ground operations in calendar year 2020. Ground's performance will also benefit as we rollout technology solutions like dynamic route optimization, and more automated small package sorters to more locations in 2020. Our FY'20 effective tax rate prior to the year-end mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustment is now expected to be 23% to 26%. We continue to expect FY'20 capital spending to be approximately $5.9 billion and FY'21 capital spending is anticipated to be similar to FY'20. We are continuing to review our plan spending. And as Fred stated earlier, our capital intensity is expected to decline significantly after FY'22. As committed aircraft deliveries are substantially lower in FY'23 and beyond. Our forecast assume moderate U.S. economic growth, current fuel price expectations, and no further weakening in international economic conditions. A further ramping and anti-trade measures and/or adverse changes in international trade policies and relations would likely drive additional weakness in our business. In conclusion, we are disappointed with our current results, but we're optimistic our long-term performance will benefit from an increased focus on revenue quality, reductions to the global FedEx air network to better match capacity with demand, a more competitive solution for European customers till the completion of our TNT integration, modernization of our Express aircraft fleet and hubs, better utilization of our FedEx Ground assets from the expansion to seven-day operations, improved residential density through the further integration of FedEx SmartPost into standard ground operations, and continued investments in technology across our business to automate and optimize operations, reduce costs, and enable more real-time decision making. With that, Operator, we now can open it for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry: Thanks, good afternoon. Excuse my voice. I just wanted to ask about the Ground segment, and specifically the 6% inflation in cost per piece and the flat revenue per piece, which I think is the biggest delta going pretty far back in history. I know there's an element of timing of the Cyber Week, but how should we think about the cadence of these metrics in Q3 and Q4, basically just trying to understand how we can get comfortable with the margin snapping back to the double-digit level by Q4? Thank you.
Raj Subramaniam: Allison, thank you for the question. Let me just start off, and then I will have Henry answer the details here, but the most important thing that happened to us here was the timing. We have as we'd -- on the calendar we incurred a lot of the cost of running up to peak in Q2 with none of the revenue benefits, as we talked about, and that, you combine that with the slowing down of the commercial segment resulted in the results for Q2. Let met turn it over to Henry to see what he has to add.
Henry Maier: Yes, hi, Allison. The thing I would add here is that most of the costs you're seeing is the timing of peak and the six and seven-day operation being set up. We began operating seven days a week on November 3rd, and it's going to take a while for the volume and revenue and the network to catch up and cover the expense, and I think I didn't hear the full part of your first question, but I think it had something to do with yields, and I think that, as Raj probably said, is due to mix.
Operator: And our next question will come from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey. I guess I wanted to pick up where Allison left off on the ground side, and maybe understand things a little bit better and kind of get into this cost inflation that we're seeing here. So, you outlined a couple of different items there that I think were somewhat unique to the quarter. I think about 60% of the margin degradations that you called out, from the six and seven-day, plus the timing shift, the Cyber Week, and then 90 basis points for insurance. When you think about the revenue growth of $170 million-plus your profit still fell by almost $40 million. So, how do we think about that sort of relative $200 million of incremental costs that you incurred outside of those specific items, and kind of how do we think about sort of the walk from that kind of core run rate to something that I guess looks like teens in 4Q.
Raj Subramaniam: This is Raj, again, and thank you, Chris. I think - I'm not sure what else I can add other than to say that we had a run up on costs putting this seven-day operation in place, and then getting ready for peak, we're going to - there's a significant demand for seven day. We are going to be differentiated with the competition, and then the customer demand is very high, and that's going to come on post peak, and that's going to be very helpful for us, and then, annual recovery we see in the industrial segment of the economy and driving B2B, which is a renewed focus for us, that will be very helpful. Henry?
Henry Maier: Well, I'm not sure what more I would add there. I mean we've talked about this. Most of the cost, 60% of the margin impact, as Alan pointed out, is the timing of peak this year, and by the way, it's a peak that's six days less than last year, so you have this volume that has to be handled in a much shorter timeline than it did last year, that takes more drivers, that takes more package handlers, that takes more line haul, et cetera, across the operation to get done, and then there is the bow wave of cost with the implementation of six and seven-day that wasn't in these numbers last year. Every day at FedEx Ground is now a service day and it takes a minimal number of people in order to staff these operations to provide the service.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jordan Alliger with Goldman Sachs.
Jordan Alliger: Yes, hi. Just, sorry, following up on that again, I mean I understand the timing issues and the mix shifts, et cetera. But can you maybe talk a little bit more going forward how do we avoid these sort of issues, because it seemed to me that the macro really didn't get that much worse, so this must be largely cost-related and what have you, and I just want to make sure that going forward with the stuff that you're doing, this type of event and timing event be minimized because I'd imagine, we knew about the shorter peak season, so I'm just a little confused because the hit was just so big.
Fred Smith: Well, this is Smith here. I don't know again how much more that Raj, and Henry, and Alan can say about it. Standing up to six and seven-day network was very expensive for us, and the expense for peak in general, which is always put up front, was a total drag. And we certainly anticipated some of it. But we probably underestimated the cost of standing it up. And then when we went into the peak season, as Raj also said, we had an unbelievable response. We had 37 million packages on Cyber Monday, and our plan was for 33 million. So we have said clearly that we believe by the fourth quarter Grounds margins will be back into the teens. We're not able to show you our spreadsheets, but that's our cost projections. And yes, there's no question, we spent more to put the network up than we thought, but we'd never put up a six or seven-day ground network before to a permanent thing. So there's a little bit of a new ground for us. But no question we missed on the cost side, but it's up and operating, as Raj said. We probably never had a response in the recent past from our ground customers, like we've had. Brie can perhaps add to that on seven-day. And it's an entirely differentiated product, and it's also something that's going to substantially change the ecommerce business. In the last weekend that just finished, we delivered over 14 million packages on Saturday and Sunday. We weren't event delivering packages on the weekend a couple of years ago. So we're pretty confident where we're going. And clearly, we didn't do the greatest job of forecasting our costs and we were hit with a couple of other things, like the insurance reserves which are, looking backward some period of time, that's basically because of the litigious society we live in and the more expense that's required to operate a transportation company in general, which is a huge issue to a small transportation company. So we've answered it three times, and we're pretty confident about the fourth quarter, and we gave you some annual stakes, but I don't know that it's productive to plough this ground anymore.
Operator: And with Stephens, we'll hear from Jack Atkins.
Jack Atkins: Good evening and thank you for the opportunity to ask a question. So I guess asking a ground question not related to the sixth and seventh day, but kind of thinking about your pricing commentary, both in the press release and in the 10-Q. You reference increasing pricing competition there which is sort of eroding pricing power, and we certainly saw it this quarter. So So, whether it's Henry or Raj or Brie, could you maybe talk about sort of what's going on there from an industry perspective, and why is pricing power eroding, given the obviously significant demand for -- every services?
Brie Carere: Yes, great question. Thank you, Jack. I think a couple things to clarify. One, as Henry mentioned, the primary yield pressure, we felt at Ground in the past quarter was really due to mix, and the pressure on our commercial business, which is obviously a very important segment to us, and that was linked directly to decrease in industrial production. When we think about revenue quality and our ability to continue to command a premium in the market, which we do in every segment that I measure, we actually get a competitive premium over the service. Number one, the seven-day value proposition is opening doors like it never has before for us. So, we really do believe that gives us great ability to negotiate. Number two, we are managing the revenue quality and ensuring that every pricing cell contributes. So, you saw that addition what we made for large packages, but as we're managing our large customer portfolio, not all customers are equal, and we're making sure we get the B2B and the B2C bundle, and we're also making sure that when we grow with seven-day that we've got a strong mix of small business, which we have seen. I just looked at the seven-day activation report and it is very strong, customers actually switching to FedEx during peak to be ready for the seven-day launch in January, which is really something quite unprecedented.
Raj Subramaniam: And this is Raj again, the risk of being repetitive, I cannot underemphasize our focus on revenue quality. Renewed focus on B2B, gaining on small medium segment and all the things Brie just talked about this is very important for us.
Operator: Our next question today will come from a Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks afternoon, guys. So, Fred, I want to ask, we've got record low margins I think here, and I heard you talk about restricting hiring, but why are we talking about more drastic cost and headcount reductions, I know it's maybe different, but it strikes me that some of the rails are cutting headcount 10% to 15% without severance costs, do we have any opportunity to do anything like that? And then, just separately, I know you talked about Express profits improving next year; do you have any visibility on ground profits for next year?
Fred Smith: Well, I'll have to ask Alan if he is prepared to make a forecast for FY'21, but -- which I doubt, because he hadn't forecasted to me if he has, but the reality is, to your first question, the rails are not even a remotely comparable business to FedEx. It's essentially a business of maintaining tracks and automating to the extent possible you have on OR 60% it's not labor intensive, is getting less labor intensive and when you follow the precepts of Hunter Harrison and smart railroading or whatever it wasn't calling that's what is allowing the precision railroading. That's what's allowing rails to lower their costs. They are quasi-monopolies certainly in the geographic areas, and certainly the particular customer. So I don't know that rail is significant. The second part about this business is we're in many ways book to our customers for long-term relationships, and if you walk away from customers and disadvantage them and if you break the morale of your troops by not investing in service quality that has long-term deleterious effects, that certainly has been a consideration in Europe mentioned in TNT. So, of course, we could have done some more drastic things. But I think at the end of the day that the focus on the short-term, financial results are only based on what we see for the fourth quarter in the '21, and the strategies we're exercising. We have not decided to go down that road now maybe somebody else feels differently about that, but I don't think you can keep the purple promise laying off thousands of people and I think that's one of the considerations again we had in Europe just to make sure that people over there we acquired with TNT were fairly treated. We're invested and delivering the kind of FedEx service. So it's a value judgment, no question. We could have been more draconian, I guess, in certain areas. But we're, as we've said several times, pretty optimistic about where we're headed and going into January, assuming there's no more macro economic deterioration. I might also say that I think in this country, there's a little bit of miss under estimation of what's going on in the rest of the world, the e-commerce growth, the technology sector that we had, the tax cut. All of these things have led us to have a high increasing employment. It's led us to have reasonable GDP growth that's virtually not true anyplace else in the world. And the industrial economy, particularly in Europe, which was hit by the ricochet bullets of the U.S. China Trade War almost went into recession this time last year, and it still hasn't recovered and Germany in particular is extreme. And I think one of the things that Raj has said and Brie had said it's extremely important here, the U.S. industrial economy, which is much more tied to international trade, and of course, the GM strike and now the MAX shut down, it's been negative for months now. And so our B2B ground volume is growing, and our -- what is it John, what's our freight volume, it's up a little bit or about flat?
John Smith: It's flat to down.
Fred Smith: Yes, and so that's the reflection of the industrial economy and in large truckload carrier, they just went bankrupt, Celadon. So it's really a tale of two, two economies. And the stock market of course is very bullish. But the industrial economy does not reflect any growth at all worldwide to speak up.
Alan Graf: So let me, let me try to give you a little bit more kind of detail on that. First of all, couple of things we didn't mention about. Our miss here in the second quarter, we got substantially less commercial volume at Ground than we had forecast, which was a big impact. High density, higher yield, heavier packages that didn't materialize. Our commercial growth is about flat. Secondly, we operate in extremely competitive labor market these days. And we've seen wage inflation in certain markets due to increased competition for personnel. That was a little higher than we anticipated. So having said that, we are at the bottom, our adjusted operating profit decline year-over-year is horrific, and it's going to improve, it's going to improve in Q3, and it's going to improve substantially in Q4 versus the prior year's adjusted operating income, it won't be the message so bad we might, we might not be back to where we were last year, but we will be a lot closer obviously than how wildly we were in the second quarter. The other thing is, is that I think if you think about all the positive things we've said and that we're seeing, as we get into 2021, we will start lapping Amazon. We will have a lot more of the sixth and seventh day on our belt and we're going to be delivering millions of packages on Sunday for the rest of this fiscal year rolling into 2021. We will finally start getting turning the corner in Europe, with the operational synergies that we will start seeing and those will grow during the year. I've got nothing in this current range for any sort of a trade deal, because we haven't gotten one yet then we have some upside there. If that happens more, we will even have more upside into 2021. So without giving you specifics, we're at the bottom and we're going to come up off the mat and we're going to improve through the rest of this year and into the next.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Allison Poliniak with Wells Fargo.
Allison Poliniak: Hi guys, just kind of going back to your commentary around Europe, obviously seeing some stabilization there, the German sentiment is starting to trend a little bit more optimistically, I guess any color on maybe potential improvement there and your ability to flex that network as you're bringing some of this aircraft or parking some aircraft now?
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, again thanks for that question. Yes, we are actually, the commercial velocity that we're seeing in Europe is quite good. As we talked about earlier it's the best we have seen since the beginning of the integration and parcel volume growth intra-Europe and in Europe is starting to starting to park up here. So, and at the same time, we are starting to kick off our integration milestones next, as I pointed out earlier, we will by end of May of this fiscal year 2020, we are expecting to be interoperable, and then proceed on to fiscal year 2021. So, we're not waiting for the full integration to get all the benefits, we are generating those as we speak. And we are seeing the volume growth come and good commercial velocity. I'm going to turn it over to Don for any comments he may have on Europe.
Don Colleran: Thanks, Raj. And thanks for the opportunity to add a little bit of color to what you've already shared. Like you and the rest of the team, I remained very confident in our strategy in Europe and what we're seeing relative to the plans we're executing. I think it would help a little bit when we talked about interoperability and integration on the Ground to kind of define what that means. So what that really is, it's our ability to flow volume between networks supported by the proper technology it allows us to do that in a very efficient way. So what does that mean? So that allows us to link import and transit clearance processes, enables cross-source capability for our packages in a dual network, it allows us to enable inter-subcapability and it links our A hubs in our Ground networks. So what are we seeing over the short-term and what are we seeing our business right now. So as we communicated on previous calls, we remain on schedule to have Ground interoperability completed by the end of this fiscal year which is May for us and on the year side, in October of 2021, calendar 2021. We realize benefits each and every day as we complete our integration tasks. To give an example, we're set up for almost 1800 lanes in our European Theater. That's 40% of our total lanes either faster by one or two days. And our customers are responding very positive to that, Raj and Brie talked about the pipeline activity, and that's all well and good but what I measure our results are, what we're seeing in our planes and our trucks and we're seeing some nice revenue momentum in our business right now. That's really where we begin to see the synergies in the leverage in our business as we integrate the networks, and at the same time we add possible volume into it. That's where you know, the music really begins to happen. So I feel very positive about where we are, we remain on schedule. We have the European team in here. Last week, Raj and I and Brie and Jill, we spent a lot of time in Amsterdam with the team. So we're on schedule as we've communicated, we're beginning to see some of the benefits. And we'll continue to see the benefits as we transition in the back half of this fiscal year into the next fiscal year.
Operator: And our next question will come from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Touching on TNT, you essentially reiterated kind of the time frame of the integration. I'm just curious and you mentioned the sales pipeline is strong, and I think it was activations were the best that they've been. Could you elaborate a little bit on that? And please speak to the competitive dynamic you're facing as you're trying to re-penetrate there? Thanks.
Brie Carere: Well, I think we really answered. This is Brie speaking, I think Don and Raj and I have covered most of this. I think two things, one to Don's point commercial volume intra-Europe for parcel is growing and we're very excited about that growth that has been the strongest we have seen. The next lever we really are pulling as quickly as we can is e-commerce. From a competitive comparison within our Express business that is something that our competition is ahead of us. They have about 5% to 6% or five to six times the amount of e-commerce volume that we have inter-Europe. So that is really blowing their results. We are moving very quickly a year-ago just to put this in context. We had nine leaves on e-commerce and I'm giving you that number to show the momentum that we have. We're now actively managing 1,000 e-commerce customers through our sales type and intra-Europe alone, we have very quickly pivoted because of the economic conditions we have to grow in e-commerce and to Don's point, the European network is ready to grow from an e-commerce perspective as we've been able to improve our value proposition and grow in Europe. So number one, for growing commercially into Europe, number two, we've got strong momentum from an e commerce in Europe that's coming now.
Raj Subramaniam: The last thing I would add to that is what's encouraging to me is the fact that this growth is happening in light of what's not a very strong macroeconomic set of circumstances. So team is out there, we believe they're taking share, they're growing our business aggressively. We're hoping as both I think Fred and Alan mentioned earlier, on a more macro level of certainty that comes along with hopefully some good news on Brexit also has this, encourage although we haven't dialed that into a plan. So I like where we sit. I like how the team is executing, right now as we go into the back half of the year.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Ben Hartford with Baird.
Ben Hartford: Hi, good evening. Just interested in your perspective on AB5 and what changes if any, it may have to the way that the ground model is constructed or any potential benefits that may bring about in the market given some of these disruptions, just appreciate an update there as it relates to AB5 and some potential consequences?
Henry Maier: Hey, Ben, it's Henry Maier. AB5 legislation relates to the legal test under which an individual's employment classification should be determined under California law. Since 2011, FedEx Ground is only contracted with independent incorporated companies, not individuals, and they must classify and treat their staff as employees under applicable state and local laws. So at this time, we don't believe it impacts us. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Hey, good afternoon everyone, and happy holidays. So I guess even coming back to the analog between the rails, I guess the question does make sense from the perspective that the rails didn't earn a great return on capital for a long time, then there was a bold new way to run the business. And so I guess, along those lines when should shareholders expect that FedEx goes under like a portfolio of product review of everything offered at Express? And where's the plan to get those products earning their cost of capital in the future, because there's just a history of that not happening?
Alan Graf: This is Alan. Well, we've done that; we were asked earlier about there is some big bold move. I don't think you have any idea how big 8% reductions of flight hours is, but it's tremendously large. We're not going to grow our fleet. We're just replacing it. We're tightening it. Tighten it up, and reducing flight hours. Express's domestic margins are fine. So, it's the international that we got to keep working on, we've been dragged down by TNT. Some of it self-inflicted, some of it macro, we're handling the flight hours, I think we're doing everything that we can that we should be doing. Well, our CapEx is going to drop significantly after we get the past FY'22. As I said, those of our essential aircraft replacements, which we need, if we're flying more flight hours, then we will be retiring MD-11 faster than we anticipated, but we don't expect any growth there beyond that. I think a 6% to 7% of persona revenue in '23 and beyond will start to show a significant improvement in our ROIC and ROE. So as I look out there, again it's, I'm frustrated I'm sure. Our investors are frustrated. We're here at the bottom but we can see a way out.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Tom Wadewitz with UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good afternoon. I appreciate the question. Alan, you just mentioned that the magnitude of the cost take out from the -- I guess 8%, air network capacity reduction is pretty significant. Is there any way that you can help us think about how to translate that to cost? I think in the past you had talked about international like, is U.S. frequencies being kind of $50 million to $100 million in operating income impact for taking another frequency, I just, is there hundreds of millions of dollars of cost savings, is it $50 million, just any way you can help us think about the magnitude. Thank you.
Alan Graf: Well, getting exactly those details, because it depends on what the flight hours are and everything else, it's a significant number. And at the same time, we expect to be improving the revenue quality on it significantly, so we should get it from the top line and the bottom-line, and I'll turn it over to Don, and then -- he's been leading the planning on this, and I think it's outstanding.
Don Colleran: Thanks, Alan. I won't get into the specific on the numbers as you suggested, but what I can tell you, we've made and will continue to make significant reductions in our flight hours both in the U.S. as well as outside the U.S. As we mentioned, our businesses in the U.S. is in a pretty healthy position, but we've lost a significant customer. So, what have we done in response to that? While we were taking significant costs out of our U.S. business, inclusive of flight hours in a significant amount, labor savings, aircraft maintenance and vehicle saving. So, we're looking at it this everywhere, not only in terms of what we're doing in the flight hours, but corresponding costs that are associated with that both in the U.S. and our intercontinental business. The number that Alan has quoted, six to eight is inclusive of both, but we're looking at flight hours everywhere in ways that we can optimize our network and match lift to load.
Operator: Our next question will come from Helane Becker with Cowen.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, Operator. Hi everybody, and thank you for the time. I just want to follow-up on the flight hour's question. So, we estimate that from public data that about half your pilot will retire over the next decade, and I'm just kind of wondering, (a), the pilot hiring and your ability to attract female pilots to the company, and (b), how much of the reduction in flight hours is the result of the pilot retirements?
Fred Smith: Let me start off from this and have Don speak to. This is Smith speaking. First of all, when the economy started deteriorating a year ago in Europe, and we were hopeful for trade deals as we went on the fiscal year as we expressed to you in the June Analyst Call. We began to put constraints on pilot hiring, and we have not been hiring pilots for some time now. On an attrition basis, I believe, Don and Greg Hall, our Head of Air Operations told me that we will have a net reduction of several hundred pilots next year just due to retirement, and of course, that corresponds to the flight hour reduction. So, this is something that we've been thinking about for long time if things didn't materialize. In terms of female pilots, FedEx had been a leader in this. This has been something that's been a project of mine for a long time, female and minority pilots we percentage-wise at one point I'm far away from the Express business, this level of details, at one time we had the highest percentage of both. I'm sure that's different now, but we work very hard, and we participate in female and minority hiring longer term. We are among the prize jobs in the aviation industry, and we do not have any problems hiring aviators today, but in the future with the military releasing, so few of them, that may be a different story, but Greg has done a great job for Don developing Grow Your Own Pilot Program. So, we put a lot of thought in this. Our pilot attrition is going down, and so we anticipated this. Raj, Don you want to say…
Don Colleran: Just one thing I like to add to that. I've had the opportunity since I've been in this role to spend a lot of time with our pilots, and we have an absolutely amazing group of pilots. Without question the best in the industry. We have a best source of our pipeline, so -- because the brand is so strong, because they do such a great job for us, and they're helpful in the recruitment of pilots across the world. So, first of all, we have an amazing group of pilots that do a fantastic job for us as they have during this peak season. I mean the staff's reliability of our aircraft and what our pilots are doing is nothing short of amazing. So, the other greatest source of recruitment that we have and we have the best pilots in the industry bar none.
Operator: And that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Foster, at this time, I'll turn the conference back over to you for additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-09-17 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. The first quarter earnings release and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. In addition certain speakers may refer to charts we posted on the website this afternoon. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our Q&A session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary; Brie Carere; Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer; and Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO who is calling in remotely. And now, Fred Smith will share his views in the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good afternoon. Thanks everyone for participating in our first quarter FY 2020 analysts’ call. Let me also thank the hundreds of thousands of FedEx teammates around the world who work everyday to keep our purple promise, I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. When our strategic management committee presented the FY 2020 business plan to our Board of Directors last spring, we identified three significant challenges to increasing earnings this fiscal year, consistent with our stated long-term goals. One, beginning in the fall of 2018, it had become clear that global trade disputes were adversely affecting manufacturing in Europe and Asia, thereby slowing international shipping demand. Two, our TNT integration was facing its most important phase, leading to the integration of European ground operations by the end of FY 2020. And three, we plan to add capabilities to enhance our services for the rapidly growing e-commerce market, which we expect to grow in the United States from 50 million to 100 million packages per day by 2026.  These shipments will be destined increasingly to residences, and one in four packages will be short distance deliveries. While the backbone of FedEx is the B2B business, our unmatched ground and express line haul and short networks carry both B2B and B2C commerce with great efficiency. The lead in e-commerce we have launched or announced FedEx extra hours and express service which provides nightly pick up with the delivery the next business day. In sourcing FedEx SmartPost packages for FedEx Ground delivery by peak 2020. FedEx Ground six and seven day delivery. Expanding the FedEx Ground oversized package network to approximately 100 facilities by peak 2020, new return services and thousands of additional pickup and shipping points, including $8,000 general onsite locations in less dense areas. And finally, FedEx Freight Direct for heavy and hard to handle items requiring delivery over the threshold, the so called H-3D [ph] market. FedEx can handle millions of additional shipments generated by these new offerings without adding significant additional sortation capacity. It should be noted a large amount of Ground growth will be short haul zone one that will be lower yield, but with improved margin due to increasing density and minimal line haul cost. There is a new video on our website that goes into detail about our broad portfolio and I hope you will watch it. Our services and capabilities and cost will be industry leading in the short haul zone one sector. The FedEx Board of Directors endorse making these moves as FY 2019 came to a close understanding the short-term cost, as we believe by the end of this fiscal year FY 2020, we will have significantly repositioned FedEx for strong future earnings. The market is changing as volumes are moving out of the USPS. And we are in-sourcing more, we have a chart on the IR website that shows these trends. Over the summer, these challenges increased somewhat due to the decision to not renew our largest Amazon contract and deepening trade disputes. While the Amazon contract represented only a small proportion of our revenues, the nature of our business is such that near-term profits will be adversely affected since the last bit of volume has significant flow through to the bottom line. However, we have closed additional business to replace this traffic, which is being onboarded and we are taking out significant costs which were unique to Amazon's requirements. Also, the global macro economy continues to soften and we are taking steps to reduce capacity. Specifically we will retire 20 MD-10-10 Aircraft over the current and next fiscal year, which will eliminate that fleet type from our air operations. We are highly likely to also retire the remaining 10 A310 aircraft this year, which will also lead to the elimination of that fleet type. In addition, we are parking the equivalent capacity of seven MD-11 aircraft this fiscal year. Accordingly, assuming no recession, we will continue the initiatives announced in May and June with confident optimism about FedEx's long-term future competitive position and industry leadership. We posted a chart on our website that shows the significant customer correlation among our three core OpCos. Our ability to bundle Express, Ground and Freight services is essential to success in our competitive exosphere. FedEx Office and FedEx Logistics also provide important value added services to our portfolio against the major competitors we face every day. Let me now ask Brie to amplify our views on the marketplace and the economy, then Raj to discuss current operations, including our plans for peak season. And Alan will give you more details on our financials. Then we will take your questions. Brie?
Brie Carere: Thank you, Fred. Good afternoon, everyone. I'll open with our economic outlook then dive directly into how we're tackling market opportunities and delivering solutions for our customers at FedEx. Comparing to where we were in June, our overall outlook for U.S. economic growth is down 20 basis points currently at 2.3% for real GDP. Our outlook has changed despite consumer driven growth of 2% in the U.S. in Q2 of CY 2019. This changes because the industrial sector remains sluggish due to an inventory build-up and increased geopolitical trade tensions. As you can see in chart number three on the IR site, U.S. manufacturing PMI has been very weak this year. Given that our industrial production outlook is down 70 basis points from June currently at 0.9%. From a global perspective, economic growth has decreased as the developed world outside of the U.S. sees weaker growth and both domestic and external factors weigh on emerging markets. In Europe, ongoing decline in Germany's industrial sector is a drag on growth. While uncertainty over Brexit is impacting not just the UK where no sector has been immune to the negative impact, but its major trading partners as well. Growth in Italy remains week with Q2 CY 2019 data showing no gain in real GDP. In reference to chart four in the presentation, you can see Eurozone manufacturing PMI has been signalling contraction for most of the year. In Asia, Chinese industrial production growth had a 10 year low in July and exports remain week. Chinese exports to the U.S. of the client every month in 2019. More broadly all manufacturer -- excuse me, all major exporting economies have been impacted by the slowdown in trade, especially Asian economies with high exposure to China. I want to highlight that Q2 CY 2019 global trade volumes declined year-over-year, which is the first decline since 2009. This decline coupled with JPMorgan's global PMI manufacturing export orders index falling from 47.5 and August from 49 in May leads us to expect global trade volumes will contrast this year on an annual basis for the first time since 2009. As we have stressed before, a zero tariff zero subsidy global trade environment is the most powerful economic growth engine there is. We will continue to push for policies that stimulate rather than depressed global trade. Now, turning our focus to what we can control we remained laser focused on executing strategies across three key areas international, ecommerce, and small business. Right now our sights are set on an addressable transportation market totalling $550 billion worldwide. The majority of this opportunity lies outside of the United States where FedEx share has significant opportunity for growth. International is a clear opportunity for us with tremendous runway ahead. As we integrate TNT and lower our costs to serve in Europe, we will be ideally positioned to gain share from the competition, the European team is gaining traction and accelerating the acquisition of parcel customers. Unfortunately, this momentum has been offset by reduction in industry air freight volumes between Europe and the United States. In Europe, we are simplifying our pricing structures and are opening the valve for e-commerce for the first time ever to further stimulate growth. It is important to note that our European competitors have a larger ecommerce volume base, which insulates them from economic headwinds impacting commercial business. We are very excited about the e-commerce potential for our European business. We are also creating new pricing and improving our value proposition between Asia and Europe. This is the largest trade lane in the world. Prior to the TNT acquisition, we did not have the European buyer base to pull this volume from Asia, as European payers make the majority of buying decisions in this lane. Now shifting my focus to e-commerce, in reference to chart five on the IR site. In the U.S. more than 90% of incremental domestic parcel volume from 2018 to 2026 is expected to come from e-commerce period. This is why we are busy building a world class portfolio of solutions to best serve thousands of retailers in this space. We are very proud of the rapid innovation we have brought to e-commerce in the last three years and you can certainly expect more innovation in the months ahead. On this same chart you'll see that more than 50% of the U.S. domestic e-commerce market is our addressable growth market with a CAGR of 12%. As the e-commerce market grows, so does the market for returns up 35% since 2015. Packages dropped off at our retail locations result in a higher pickup density and drive greater operational efficiency making FedEx even more competitive in the returns market. We're very excited about our network expansion with Dollar General. We will have 1,800 incremental locations open by peak. We also expect our [Technical difficulty] volume to reach a record high this holiday season. Innovation and customer value are driving every decision we make when it comes to e-commerce. We are very excited about making everyday a delivery day with the launch of our Seven-Day service at FedEx Ground. We are already faster than the competition by at least one day in 26% of the lanes. This move will further speed up our network and allow us to continue to gain market share. We are also building powerful relationships with many retailers and leveraging solutions like FedEx extra hours, and FedEx Ground zone one which is our local portfolio. Our local portfolio enables retailers to leverage local inventory and stores and DCs to take orders later in the day and still deliver them the next day. We just forged a new strategic delivery partnership with Dick’s Sporting Goods. The majority of their spend with us is on their e-commerce business by leveraging our portfolio of ground commercial, home delivery and express services. They are getting the product to their customers faster, which of course is paramount to them and to their business growth. Another retailer we work closely with is Chewy. Chewy was one of the first home delivery customers that benefited from our Six-Day expansion. Due to their one to two-day shipping commitment and 24x7 operations, they are ready to take full advantage of our new Seven-Day service. Retailers and brands, large and small have recognized our commercial teams for their partnership and for our ability to help them grow their business and successful compete in the market. Also e-commerce will continue to create great opportunities for our LTL business. Our new FedEx Freight Direct service moves large bulky items into consumer's homes and into businesses. Backed by the power of the FedEx brand and the speed and reliability of our nationwide priority network, we are able to reach over 80% of the U.S. population, and we have a unique ability to serve as a large part of this $10 billion market. And of course, we can't forget about Roxo, the FedEx SameDay Bot, who has recently been in three test markets, Memphis, Tennessee, Plano, Texas and Manchester, New Hampshire. Roxo was preparing to change the way on-demand e-commerce shipments make it to customer's doorsteps. While these e-commerce investments benefit the broader market, I am particularly excited about how this strategy will support small and medium businesses, who remain our most profitable customers. In FY 2019 our small and medium businesses grew more than 8% and there is still a lot of room to grow as there are more than 32 million small businesses in the U.S. Speaking of being there for small and medium businesses, we will not apply a residential peak surcharge this holiday season, a decision that has received outstanding feedback from countless small and medium sized customers. It's a great way to help make our customers the hero as e-commerce continues to grow and become a major part of their business. Now let me turn the call over to Raj for his remarks.
Raj Subramaniam : Thank you, Brie and good afternoon, everyone. As you are all aware, the global economic and trade environment remains very uncertain. Despite this uncertainty, FedEx remains committed to delivering long-term profitable growth. We are taking decisive actions to address the three topics that Fred covered in his opening. Number one, reducing capacity, especially in our intercontinental network and overall reduction of costs in our Express business. Number two, completing TNT integration. And number three, leveraging our infrastructure at FedEx Ground and making targeted investment that allow us to successfully go all-in on e-commerce. Let me talk about each of these in turn. First, capacity cuts and overall cost reduction at FedEx Express. We expect the current softness in air cargo demand to continue into calendar year 2020. As such, we will take action to reduce our intercontinental flights after our peak season to better match supply to demand. We have already decreased U.S. domestic flight hours and we will be aggressively looking for additional opportunities. The Express team is intensely focused on overall cost reduction. This includes deferring non-critical hiring, limiting discretionary spending, and implementing structural costs initiatives such as the United States voluntary buyout program. In addition, we're looking at every opportunity to reduce capital spending, benefits from all these changes will be realized in the coming quarters. Secondly, let me update you on TNT integration. Overall, I'm pleased to report that we have picked up the pace of integration and are continuing to improve our value proposition for our customers. Cross utilization of combined FedEx Express and TNT networks, which we share on our previous calls was a major step toward full integration of the operations. In June, these capabilities expanded across Europe. The transit time for FedEx intra-European economy parcel shipments improved by at least one business day on approximately 40% of the European lanes across the 28 countries in Europe. We are well on our way to achieving full Ground interoperability in our pickup and delivery networks in Europe by the end of May 2020. Growing intercontinental packages into the combined European Ground network allows us to improve service, while simultaneously reducing our costs to serve. This will help us accelerate growth into Europe from all around the world. Asia-Europe lane, which remains the largest intercontinental trade lane is particularly important in this regard. Given our strong presence in APAC and significantly enhanced presence in Europe, we expect to gain share in this lane in the months and years to come. Additionally, in Q1 we integrated customs clearance and brokerage services in Europe to provide a more seamless experience for our customers. This milestone ensures we are well prepared for Brexit no matter the outcome. Clearance integration is also very important for us to enable cross utilization of TNT road network for intercontinental shipments. And as mentioned on the previous call, Sales integration is practically complete. And now we are presenting a single phase to our customers nearly everywhere around the world. And thirdly, e-commerce, Fred and Brie have discussed our robust portfolio. Let me now address the enhancements specifically underway within FedEx Ground, which is the backbone of our e-commerce strategy. FedEx Ground continues to transform the package delivery business in response to a growing market demand. Network investments including seven-day residential delivery, large package capabilities and SmartPost integration position us for future growth. Leveraging the most automated network in the industry, we will once again offer seven day residential service to our customers throughout the peak season. After peak, the seven day residential delivery will become a permanent piece of our service offering. This will speed up our lanes throughout the week, and further extend our competitive advantage in some cases by two days. We're also well underway in building our Ground’s large package handling capabilities to accommodate items like TVs, tires and furniture. This includes dedicated large package facilities, plus new handling equipment in more than 30 of our existing stations prior to peak.  In terms of SmartPost, the integration of that volume into our network directly addresses one of the biggest challenges in the industry density. From a cost perspective moving these packages to the same service providers already delivering Ground commercial and residential packages goes a long way in driving density up and driving the cost per delivery down. Integrating this volume provide significant growth opportunities with thousands of entrepreneurs who run pickup and delivery businesses with FedEx Ground. We’ve already started transitioning SmartPost volume, majority of which will move during next calendar year. This should be complete before peak season in 2020. Investment in FedEx Ground was made and will continue to make in technology aim to optimize operations, reduce costs and enable real time decision making based on applied data analytics. We’re offering our service providers new technology tools, so they can make decisions about how best to run their business each day in terms of staffing needs, vehicle load plans and optimize routes. Arming our employees and service providers with the state-of-the art tools expected to drive efficiency in FedEx Ground’s operation, as well as the operations of service providers all the while strengthening the reliability of FedEx Ground service. Several of these tools have started to be implemented in select markets prior to peak, immediate benefits will begin to be realized in fiscal year 2020, with increased benefits in the years to come. These investments will allow us to provide the speed and reliability our customers value, while offering market competitive prices as the low cost last mile provider. This means we are facing near-term headwinds including additional costs related to our service expansions and SmartPost volume integration. But these investments are necessary and will pay off in coming years. And speaking of Last Mile, we’re strategically working with a number of retailers to leverage their physical infrastructure with our transportation and logistic infrastructure to provide market leading value proposition for the end consumer. Interest from retailers remains very high in this regard. In closing, as we approach another busy peak season shipping season, we are well prepared to once again deliver exceptional service to our customers. We expect record breaking volumes in multiple Mondays during the peak season. E-commerce growth continues, which in turns drives strong demand for residential delivery. Peak season is four day shorter this year and operational intensity remains the same. We have been preparing in close collaboration with our customers all year. The FedEx team of more than 450,000 outstanding team members is the best in the business and is ready to deliver the holidays once again for our customers around the world. In summary, the power of our network, coupled with the hard work and dedication of our global team sets us on a path of long-term profitable growth. Now I'll turn it over to Alan Graf to provide details on our financials. Alan.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Raj and good afternoon, everyone. First quarter operating results were impacted by several factors. Weakening global trade and industrial production have resulted in less than expected demand for our most profitable Express package and Freight services.  Express yields have also been negatively impacted due to the resulting mix shift, lower weight per package, and customer trade down to slower lower price services. These conditions are especially challenging in Europe, where capacity and network reductions are limited due to the current stage of integration as we are operating duplicate road and air networks. FedEx Ground operating costs were higher due primarily to our expansion of operations to six days per week, higher purchase transportation costs attributable to volume growth and expansion to six day operations and higher self-insurance expenses. Each transportation segment had one fewer operating day in the first quarter versus the prior year, which is estimated to have lowered earnings by approximately $100 million. The loss of volume from Amazon had a negative impact to the quarter. Operating costs including depreciation also increased with strategic investment programs, including the modernization of FedEx Express aircraft and hubs and investment in technology across the enterprise that will further optimize our networks, as well as enhanced safety and capabilities. The modernization of our aircraft fleet lowers costs through enhanced reliability, reduced maintenance costs, and improve fuel efficiency. Partially offsetting these negative factors were the benefits from an approximate $300 million decrease in variable incentive compensation, FedEx Ground volume growth of 7%, increased revenue per shipment at FedEx Freight and FedEx Ground and cost reductions from business realignment activities, including the U.S. voluntary employee buyout initiated last year. Looking ahead to the rest of fiscal 2020, we are now forecasting adjusted earnings per share of $11 to $13 per share. The new forecast reflects our lowered revenue outlook, driven by increasing trade tensions, and the corresponding weakening in global economic conditions, especially industrial production that has occurred since our June earnings release. With the increasing uncertainty of trade negotiations and government policies, forecasting customer demand and our corresponding earnings is exceedingly difficult. Our forecasts assume moderate U.S. economic growth, current fuel price expectations and no further weakening in international economic conditions. A further ramping and anti-trade measures and/or adverse changes in international trade policies and relations would likely drive additional weakness in our business. While our current expectation is to earn slightly above the midpoint of our $11 to $13 range, we believe the range is appropriate given the current macro and business conditions we are experiencing.  In addition to the impact of macro uncertainty, FedEx Ground operating expenses are expected to be higher than our previous forecast due to volume mix, lower than planned delivery density, higher wage rates and ongoing investments to enhance our e-commerce capabilities, including our expansion to seven day operations. The new forecast also reflects the loss of FedEx Ground business from Amazon that began in August. Our FY 2020 effective tax rate prior to the year-end mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustment is now expected to increase 24% to 26% due to lower than expected earnings in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions. In response to these issues, we are taking additional actions on a number of fronts to better align our costs, including post peak reductions to the global FedEx Express air network. We continue to expect to incur $350 million of TNT integration expenses in FY 2020 and $1.7 billion in total through FY 2021. We also continue to expect FY 2020 capital spending to be approximately $5.9 billion. While it's early in the process, we anticipate FY 2021 capital spending will be similar to FY 2020. During the first quarter, we issued $2.1 billion of debt. We use the proceeds to redeem debt maturing in this fiscal year, as well as to contribute $1 billion into our pension plans. We do not expect to make additional contributions to our U.S. pension plans this fiscal year. We also have no material debt maturities prior to fiscal 2022. In conclusion, we are taking actions to mitigate the effects of macroeconomic uncertainty. However, we are continuing to make strategic investments to improve our capabilities and efficiency, which we expect will drive long-term growth of earnings, margins, cash flow and returns.  Now the operator can begin the question-and-answer session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll hear first from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I guess, I wanted to just talk about the reduction in guidance and get a little bit specific if we could. If you think about the difference of where you were three months ago versus where you are today, it kind of equates to almost a $900 million write down in the operating profit of the business this fiscal year. So if you give us a little bit more specific sort of buckets breakdown, what may be the lower revenues based on macro? And then maybe what may be caused by higher costs associated with certain restructuring the network to adapt to e-commerce that would be very helpful.
Alan Graf: Chris, I would say that the vast majority this 900 is the reduction of our revenue forecasts associated with the macroeconomic conditions that we did not expect. Some of the cost increases that you are seeing did have some impact, but the main reason was the macro. The biggest impact, of course, was at Express, and that was in international with a large degree of that in Europe.
Operator: We'll hear next from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group : Hey, thanks. Afternoon, guys. So this is I think, the fifth straight quarter of either missing or cutting -- missing numbers or cutting guidance. Are you approaching guidance any differently meaning taking a more conservative approach here. Anything that you think that gives you some confidence or us some confidence that this is the final cut?  And then I separately just want to understand, Raj, you said we're doing everything we can to reduce capital spending, and yet, CapEx is staying unchanged and now flat next year as well. So can you help us understand that? I know that's two questions, but hope we need some hand holding here I think.
Alan Graf: Scott, I'll take on both. The lack of being able to hit our forecast is just the difficulty associated with forecasting in this environment. I don't think, we've been too aggressive based on what we knew at the time. You have noticed that, we've widen the range this year and I did mention that our current point estimate is higher than the midpoint of that range, so we've given ourselves a little bit more downside. I also said that we don't -- we're not expecting any additional weaknesses in the international macro environment from where we are today, which is a wild card. So I just want to point those things now to. As far as CapEx, trust me, FY 2021 would be a lot higher than $5.9 billion have we not started cutting already. I think there are two things that are really important to understand. And number one is, we have to continue to modernize the fleet. The profound impact of the lower costs and higher reliability of the new twins is just remarkable. And we're going to continue to do that, we're going to maybe stretch it out a bit, but not much because the faster we can get those in there, the faster we can enjoy those benefits. Fred mentioned the number of aircraft that we're going to take out a service either fully retiring or parking, so we're not adding capacity in our international network. And in fact, we're reducing that and we're reducing our domestic flight hours. But we need to modernize the fleet. It's very important.  Secondarily, on the hubs at Express, where they’re underway, we have a lot of things that are committed. But the improved automation and processing capabilities of those two hubs when we finish are also profound in terms of the productivity and the amount of throughput we can handle. And we anticipate that we're going to need that. If we get further deterioration in the macro environment or we see something in the U.S., that looks like a recession, we’ll definitely cut further, but those are our plans at the moment.
Operator: We’ll hear next from Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Hey guys, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. Can you quantify the P&L benefits from the capacity and cost actions you announced this afternoon. And I guess from a bigger picture perspective, why are these capacity adjustments only being made now when it feels like we've been facing more challenging trade and industrial production trends since last December, what's prevented you from taking these actions before today? Thank you.
Fred Smith: Let me take a shot at that. This is Fred Smith speaking. First of all, I think it's important to look at the things that we've said over the last few earnings call in the context of about what's going on globally. I mean, I watch the business press every day and I have to tell you, I think there's a lot of whistling past the graveyard about the U.S. consumer and the United States economy versus what's going on globally. So, the serious trade dispute began in the spring of 2018 and they escalated throughout the summer of 2018. And most people don't think about the fact that when China slows down because of U.S. tariffs or uncertainty or for whatever reason, as big of a victim, if you want to call it that, of the China slowdown is Europe, because Germany's contraction is because they're not selling as much to China, which is a huge customer of Europe. So remember, last spring, there was a tremendous amount of euphoria when we were going to get a deal, China trade deal. And then at the last minute, it broke up and then over the period of the summer there have been escalating tariffs on both sides and increasingly lowered industrial production and that's why we’ve put those charts up on the IR website. So we're reacting inside of FedEx to the same thing. So as we went into the fiscal year, we were hopeful of a trade deal and some sort of restoration of normalcy that has not taken place. And the U.S. consumer, which is a remarkable driver of growth in employment, and all the things that are spoken about every day, sort of mass the fact that the goods producing sector, which we're in the midst of is much more global in nature than the U.S. consumer, which is largely services and certain consumption. So that's the reason that we began the year the way we began it, and should we have moved faster or known faster or what have you, I mean all I can do is report the numbers as we see them. And I would point out to you that last fall, we were the first people that call this out. And I remember very vividly. I mean, we are the leading prognosticator of this, we have 15 million votes every day in our system. And I remember when we made this call on CNBC, they took our heads off that we were, “blaming someone.” We're just reporting what's going on and reacting to these macroeconomic things. And as Alan said, that's why it makes us so hard to forecast. We think we've taken appropriate steps. We'll do more if we have to, but I can't give any better answer than what I just did.
Operator: And from Barclays, we'll move on to Brandon Oglenski.
Brandon Oglenski: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. So Fred, I guess coming off of that, I mean, clearly you guys have a culture of forward innovation and growth at FedEx. But I guess On the flip side, is there any like real ingrained process of the company that says, hey, we need to challenge every day what isn't working, because maybe even outside of these cyclical pressures.  I mean, if you look at your LTL business, we can benchmark to other carriers that do better. Obviously, Express margins are at quite a low point right now. And you look at logistics or like FedEx Office, which we don't think have contributed a lot in the past. So, I guess, what can you tell investors that is the process for looking at things that maybe didn't pan out quite as well as you thought?
Fred Smith: Well, I think you're a great person to ask that Brandon because you’re so called the deep dive, so let's talk about LTL. I don't think we have John Smith here to here today. First of all, there are other carriers that do better than FedEx with the exclusion of perhaps a little smaller carriers and ones sort of I'm not familiar with, I believe the better way to put that is there's one LTL carrier that does better than we do. And that's Old Dominion, and we're great admirers of Old Dominion.  But Old Dominion operates a network that has I believe somewhere in the 200 and some odd stations, versus our 360. They don't deliver every day to every part of the United States. And they've been very brilliant in finding a niche that's for lack of a better term near TL. It's in that zone between LTL and TL and their average weight per shipment in much more dense network is about 350-400 pounds higher. So their margins are outstanding, and they have terrific and obviously, we benchmark them carefully as our other competitors, which gets to you your point, do we ever think about doing things differently? And the answer to that question is we think about doing things differently constantly.  Secondly, in the Express business, there is a belief, including you, Brandon, that somehow our Express operation in the United States is not profitable. Our Express operation in United States is very profitable. And we have some of the best industrial engineers and operations research people in the country.  So there has been this constant mantra for 10 years that we ought to put Express and Ground together. Well, my goodness, we’ve gained market share in Ground for 19 out of 20 years. And Brie and Raj just told you we think it's going to continue and our competitive advantage is going to improve. So we're very convinced that the way that we are operating is the preferred way. And yes, we look at it at it every day. The third thing that gets people fired up. And I guess, Scott Group just mentioned it about CapEx is we are profligate in terms of CapEx. The reality is about $0.60 out of every dollar we're spending on CapEx are to modernize the Express hubs, to put in this new technology, we can't get people in Indianapolis and Memphis to work it. They're not out there plus it improves the productivity. So the failure to do it would be very dire. And as Alan has said, and we've said over and over again, every time we bring on a 767 and to a much lesser degree, the 777 because we're not buying many other of them. It's accretive to earnings, the reliability goes up. So could we stop buying 767, and 777s? Yes, why don't we stop buying them, because we put a chart on the earnings -- the IR website today that showed the synergy between the three major OpCos. So 80% of our customers buy all three of the services. So, if you took FedEx and tried to subject it, let's say to I think it was BCG that came up to that diagram, you have dogs and cash flows and one thing or another. If you did not improve the Express company, unless your costs get out of control, you couldn't win in the Ground sector and vice versa. So, we are very convinced and we put up a chart that specifically addressed your comments about this, FedEx will unquestionably be the low cost producer in the domestic Express business because of the fleet modernization and that includes any new entrance into the business.  Yes, we have higher pilot costs and AMT costs perhaps, than the third-party providers. We think that's a good thing. But our total productivity and our cost per tonne mile are down 2% over the past 10 years, in this year's dollars. I'm not talking about inflated dollars, I'm talking about 2019 dollars are 2% less than 2009 dollars. So the fleet modernization, yes, we could stop it and yes, we could stop that CapEx, but the competitive positioning against our major competitors. And the last thing I'm going to say is, we basically compete in an ecosphere that's got five entities in it. There's UPS, there's DHL, there's a US Postal Service, and now increasingly, there is Amazon. That's who we wake up every day, trying to think about how we compete against and give the best services to our sales force. So, it reminds me of my days in the service where you run all these fake manoeuvres one thing another, it's a lot different when you got competition on the other side. So we try to beat these folks, UPS, and in particular has a very strong retail presence and both UPS and DHL have significant forwarding presences. So we’ve decided that we would basically cover those portfolio gaps with more focused capabilities, and that's why we operate differently. We carry retail freight on our purple tails and interline it, we don't have a huge forwarding operation. And we have a retail network that is smaller than UPS store franchise network, but utilizes partners as Brie talked to you about Walgreens, and dollar -- more recently Dollar General and some others.  So the reason I'm going on about this, I'm not quite sure how this mantra got started, that we're hard hitted, or we're not willing to look, we'll look at anything. But what we can’t do is to change the reality of the math. We can't make the competition go away, I wish they would, just leave the field, they're very good operators. And the third thing that we have to deal with is the macroeconomic environment. And by the way, there's no company and no person that has been more vocal in our opposition to the trade policies that we are pursuing. Now, to be fair, I think it's not just the U.S., I think China is also pursuing bad trade policy. So you're taking a system over the last seven years that’s drawn more people out of poverty than in the entire previous history of the world, and essentially putting it all at risk. So these numbers on these macroeconomic production indicators, we didn't make those up. That's what's going on. So I apologize for the length of the response. But it's to this continuing drumbeat that somehow we're not willing to look at something and you take selective things like your LTL operation in as good as, all the others, it's not as good as one and it's not as good as the other ones in terms of margins for the reasons that I gave you. So it's important to look at this thing with those contexts in mind. Next question.
Operator: We’ll hear now from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry: Thanks, good afternoon. So you talked a lot about the short-term cost inflation at Ground and driving down the cost of delivery longer term. I think you've done a pretty good job of explaining that to the market. But it sounds like you're also seeing some unexpected costs creep, higher wage rates, lower delivery density so forth. So, I guess, could you help us understand some kind of timeline for when we should expect to see some of the operating leverage and inflection of margins at the Ground segment, is fiscal 2021 the right way to think about it or do we need to look further out than that? Thank you.
Alan Graf: I like your Ground margins, I think they're fine. And I think we told you early on in the intro, Allison, as at least it goes to zone one where we think we're going to grow really rapidly. We're talking about lower yields and higher margins. So I think Ground performing admittedly. The issue at Ground is there's just not the commercial traffic we'd plan to have, which has significantly higher density than home delivery does. Home delivery is growing like crazy and the commercial businesses not because of industrial production, and all the other things we said. So that's a fairly simple explanation. We're adjusting the model accordingly to do that. I think Ground’s in great shape. I think it's doing fantastic. And I don't see anybody making better margins than us.
Fred Smith: Let me let me make one comment here, and then Raj and or Henry Maier, the CEO of FedEx Ground is sitting here so he can speak to this too, Allison. First thing that people need to understand the things we announced this spring and this summer, we just didn't dream them up in the last few months.  We've been working on these for almost four years. And during that period of time, we have invested enormous amount of money in IT, which has been dragged through the P&L to make sure that I can make a statement and let me make it again because I think it may have gone over some people's heads. We will in the short zone market, the zone one market, the ship from store or ship from local DC, FedEx will be the low cost, high service producer, you can put the traffic in very, very late in night or in the morning and at lower cost than anybody and I mean anybody, all of the five competitors that I mentioned a moment ago. So all of these moves that we announced were triggered by a series of developments. And the strategy has been in production for a long time. So we're very confident about where this market is going that Brie described to you and we're very confident in Ground’s position. But as Alan just mentioned, the B2B Ground business is being adversely affected for the same reason that the international PMI is going down. The trade effects and the goods production side of the house is much greater than it is in the services business. And that's being reflected across all our businesses; Freight, Ground Commercial, and particularly International. Henry, Raj?
Raj Subramaniam : Well, let me just add on to that by just saying that there's a strong divergence between the strong consumer sector and the weak factory sector around the world and U.S. as being no exception. That the industrial production in U.S. is expected to be flat to negative in the second half of CY 2019 that's the issue and once we get the commercial traffic -- that's the issue. Ground is doing very, very well. And we are definitely investing for the future and we are going to have the market leading value proposition, best service at low cost. So let me turn it over to Henry for his comment.
Henry Maier: Allison, let me just add cost headwinds at Ground are largely six and seven-day, because there's a minimum number of people and to staff a billing in order to operate it prior to the volume and revenue coming on. The wage rate issue is a number of things. First is year-over-year driver rates, which are reflective of the intense competition for truck drivers in certain geographic markets, both in PMD and line haul. However, what we see going forward, as we transition out of the current model into the independent service provider model, which will be completely stood up on October 12th is annual, if not multi-year negotiations with those businesses about the rate -- about their settlement rates.  Finally, we've talked about the robust labor environment out there. There are geographic markets, where it's highly competitive to get package handlers into the building. And while our automated network benefits us greatly in that regard for employees, where we're competing for the same unskilled labor in the market we have to be cost competitive. And that's just a function of the strength of the economy and the markets we operate in.
Operator: And from Goldman Sachs we move to Jordan Alliger. 
Jordan Alliger: Yes. Hi, guys. Just sort of from a big picture standpoint, can you remind a little bit what your long-term earnings or profit growth targets would be sort of once we get past this noise? And perhaps assess the ability of things to bounce back. Assuming the economy is okay, and assuming you implement the cost initiatives and the capacity initiatives that you do. Do you anticipate as we look into fiscal 2021 and 2022, that sort of growth can exceed sort of that long-term EPS growth target? Thanks.
Fred Smith: It depends on your outlook for the economy for sure. I mean, we said we're going to be really well positioned by the end of 2021. Yes, we were late and over budget on the TNT integration, but we're there we're will be there. And I don't know what the economic environment in Europe will be at that point, but we will be able to significantly reduce our costs and improve our service for all the reasons we've told you about. That's one. Two, some of the things that we've talked about at Ground, like the loss of Amazon, getting ready for six and seven day, a lot of that stuff will be behind us. And we'll be ready to move forward. So given a decent economic environment, we ought to be able to easily hit our 10% to 15% earnings EPS growth going forward. But I can't tell you that that's going to be the case because I can't tell you what exactly the economy is going to look like right now. So if I'm a little gun shy, yes, probably I’m.
Operator: Moving on to David Ross with Stifel.
David Ross: Yes. Good afternoon. Maybe a question for Mark, with Assembly Bill 5 out in California, I know since the extradition and refining [ph] the independent contractor model and now are moving towards an all ISP model. Is there anything in that proposed bill that could challenge the current ISP model or how are you guys viewing that right now?
Henry Myer: Hey, David, it’s Henry Myer. I've been designated the company paralegal for this call. Let me get it up -- let me give the people listening in a little bit of background on Assembly Bill 5. Back on April 30, 2018, The California Supreme Court issued a ruling in the dynamics case, which held an ABC test should be used to determine whether a worker who is an employee or an independent contractor. Assembly Bill 5 is just an attempt by the legislature to codify the dynamics decision of the Supreme Court. For those who aren't aware, there are a number of states that have ABC test, the A prong says an individual must be free of control and direction. The B prong a service has to be performed outside the usual course of business of the employer. And the C prong is the individual is customarily engage in an independently established trade, occupation, profession or business.  This is intended to address individuals who are classified as independent contractors. We believe it's largely directed at the ride sharing and food delivery business in California. And because FedEx Ground only contracts with businesses that are incorporated in a good standing in the states in which they operate. We therefore have no individuals who are classified as independent contractors. All service provider employees under contract to FedEx Ground are subject to tax withholdings and are eligible for workers comp unemployment insurance and over time. And all of our service providers are contractually obligated to treat their workers as employees are registered as I said, in a good standing with the states and agreed to compliance audits by the company. So therefore, we think that any risks that would accrue to FedEx Ground would be minimal to non-existent the way the bill is currently structured.
Operator: Helane Becker with Cowen & Company has our next question. 
Helane Backer: Thanks, operator. Hi, everybody. Thank you very much for the time. Brie, I think you talked about demand from China being down between China and the U.S. and China and Europe. But did you speak at all to goods going from China to third countries? And then how those volumes are doing, for example, China to Vietnam and then Vietnam to the U.S. or Taiwan or places elsewhere in Asia. So maybe you could talk about trends you're seeing and goods moving that way, if at all?
Brie Carere: So great question, obviously, right now, from an outlook perspective, we are seeing pressure on all intercontinental and even within Asia, all of intra-Asia really is connected from a supply chain perspective. So even if it isn't direct to China, we are seeing a lot of pressure intra-Asia. What I think is most important to note, is we both Raj and I mentioned, is we are under penetrated from a market share perspective between Asia and Europe and Europe to Asia.  We now have unleashed an incredible buyer base in Europe which we never had access to before and we have traditionally been very underpenetrated in this lane, and Jill and I are locked arm and arm to grow share despite the macroeconomic headwinds. So I think that's really what's most important. And that's what's newsworthy for us as we think about growth moving forward.
Operator: And from Oppenheimer, we’ll move to Scott Schneeberger.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks, good afternoon. [Technical difficulty] in international priority and international economy in the environment and perhaps provide a perspective on the influence of fuel prices and the trade down dynamic, if and how that may factor into this updated guidance? Thanks.
Raj Subramaniam : Scott, fuel prices have very little to do with this at this point. And I think there’s a macroeconomic environment and primarily the industrial sector of the global economy that's driving that change.
Operator: We’ll go next to Bernstein Research, David Vernon.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, everyone. Thank you for taking our question asking on behalf of David Vernon, how should we think about the greater than 20% increase in corporate center loss? And is there any outlook there?
Fred Smith: Well, we have moved FedEx Office out to its own now, as you noticed, and while FedEx Office itself for reporting purposes, reports a loss gives you that as a channel cost, if you like. It's a vital channel and we've talked about this over and over and over again, our most profitable packages come through FedEx Office, FedEx Office has got many, many places where you can pick up, drop off great relationship going with in-store at Walmart. So, I wouldn't be too concerned about that we have work to do on our logistics side of the house, we are working very hard on that. And I expect those will improve over time. But really at the end of the day, the real -- again, the real issue, I want to make sure I get this clear to everybody. All the things we've talked about. Our issue is international at Express.
Operator: Now from Deutsche Bank will move to Amit Mehrotra.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, thanks for squeezing me in here. Just wanted to ask if you think 2020 will represent a trough in Ground margins that you can build on in 2021 given the, I guess, the SmartPost integration? And then can you just update us on the integration of TNT businesses in the UK, France and Germany? Where are those countries, given their size and when do you expect the integration to be complete for those regions? Thank you.
Fred Smith: I think that was two. I think, we've answered them both, but I'll try to stab at this again. We will be complete with those countries at the end of May 2020. Again, as you have well pointed out in your note, we were a little bit late, a little bit over budget on that. Thank you for that. And as far as FedEx Ground margins, again, we will have a lot of these things behind us, it will depend on our mix and economic environment about how fast we can move margins up, but we do expect our zone one traffic to grow rapidly and although at lower yield it will be at higher margins.
Operator: And with that at this time, I'd like to turn things back to you, to offer any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team, if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: Again, that will conclude today's conference. Thank you all for joining us.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-06-26 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. The fourth quarter earnings release and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Raj Subramaniam, President and Chief Operating Officer; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Mark Allen, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President FedEx Information Services and CIO, Brie Carere; Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer. Now, Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you very much, Mickey. Welcome to all joining our quarterly call. Fiscal 2019 was a year of both challenge and change for FedEx. We faced weakening international revenue growth, driven by the slowdown in global trade, less favorable service mix of TNT Express business after the NotPetya cyber attack and continued rapid growth of e-commerce demand. We are very proud of our team members who are responding with positive actions and innovative solutions that will make FedEx even stronger and more successful in the future.  FedEx enters fiscal 2020 with a sharp focus on extending our lead as a premier global transport and logistics company and on making the necessary investments today to capture the significant market opportunities we see for the future. These steps include enhancing FedEx Ground capabilities, speed and efficiency, improving FedEx Express hub automation, particularly in Memphis and Indianapolis, finishing the integration of TNT, modernizing our aircraft fleet and reducing unit cost and increasing productivity, especially for e-commerce deliveries. While these investments are long-term in nature and their success cannot always be measured immediately. We're confident they will drive significant earnings growth and improve margins cash flows and returns for our shareholders over the long haul. Let me emphasize, however, that based on our current forecast of U.S. GDP growth for FY 2020 we anticipate FedEx freight will increase earnings and margin over the period. We believe FedEx Ground will increase earnings for the fiscal year with modest if any margin compression from current levels, despite the investments we've announced, such as six and seven day per week delivery, large package capabilities and in sourcing of SmartPost. Global trade disputes and low global growth rates create significant uncertainty for the express business leading us to be cautious and projecting FY 2020 earnings for this segment. The integration of TNT is now progressing at a good clip, and we will see significant benefits by this time in summer 2021. The major focus of our investment strategy I should note has also improved sustainability and efficiency. We intend to substantially grow our e-commerce business and are well aware improved profitability in this market requires greater efficiency in delivering residential packages and we have sound initiatives to steadily improve our cost to serve this market. To these ends for example, we recently announced in-sourcing 2 million SmartPost packages and an agreement with Dollar General for over 8,000 pickup and delivery on-site locations and sparsely populated in rural areas. Over FY 2020 we will announce several additional initiatives in this regard. Let me also caution observers who follow FedEx in this industry to be very careful extrapolating past assumptions and trends into the future. For instance, we've noted repeatedly short haul package delivery will become increasingly important as retailers ship e-commerce orders from store or local fulfillment. Hence the average yields have to be matched with operational changes, not visible to most to assess -- to ensure potential future profitability. Also future developments in speeding up e-commerce deliveries and postal reform, which by the way we have supported will likely be discontinuities in the next several years. FedEx is uniquely position for long-term success and will continue to deliver a great future for our customers, share owners, team members and the communities we serve. Let me now turn to Raj followed by Brie and Alan, and then a brief comment by Mark Allen, and then we'll take questions. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam : Thank you, Fred and good afternoon. As mentioned in the last call, our focus is long-term profitable growth that drives increased shareholder value. Fiscal Year 2020 is in many ways a transition year for FedEx, as we continue to reinvigorate our business to capitalize on e-commerce growth and execute significant initiatives to reduce our costs to serve.  In the U.S. alone, we expect the parcel market to double in size to more than 100 million packages per day by 2026. As the market grows, so to do our abilities and offering -- capabilities and offerings, our global network serves as the invisible backbone for the fast, easy and reliable e-commerce experience that consumers demand today, and we continuously build upon our offerings to customers. One way we are doing show is by strategically working with retailers to enable market leading value propositions. This includes working with target to leverage their stores as local fulfillment centers through our FedEx extra hours offering and giving our customers access to a multitude of FedEx drop-off and pick up services, such as last week's announcement with Dollar General. These are just a few examples of the ways we continue to flex our operations and network to respond to our customers. Brie will cover these capabilities among others in more detail. It is clear that we are all in on e-commerce. This commitment is illustrated by a number of key strategic initiatives well underway in our operating units. Just last month, we announced a number of innovative solutions for our FedEx Ground network. This includes seven day a week residential delivery, rapidly integrating FedEx SmartPost volume into standard ground operations, and enhancing network capabilities around large package handling. These changes directly address some of the key challenges inherent with e-commerce namely, increasing consumer expectations and managing the cost for residential delivery. Bringing the SmartPost volume into the ground network allows us to improve density and efficiency in the Last Mile deliveries. It is significant that we are engineering and enhancing the Ground network in such a way that it'll be more cost effective to deliver millions of residential packages a day directly by FedEx Ground. In fact, we expect FedEx Ground to become the low cost Last Mile provider in the industry.  The recent Ground announcement should be particularly exciting to online consumers who purchase large items like furniture, TVs and kayaks [ph] with a click of a button. We expect to have a large package operation in nearly 40 Ground facilities prior to our peak season. The vast majority of these are existing facilities, and this approach minimizes CapEx and enables us to focus on placing large package handling in the more strategic locations, such as near ports and railroads.  Not one element of this transformation will be possible without the investments that FedEx Ground has been making and continues to make in technology. Advancements in loading, sorting and scanning technologies will provide near real time data to help optimize operations with maximizing the use of rail, improving delivery density and increasing the efficiency of handling all packages, no matter the size. These types of technological enhancement and state of the art tools are true differentiators and are being implemented all across the FedEx operations, not just FedEx Ground. FedEx Freight, for example is in the midst of modernizing an industry that has been historically paper based. Technology advancements like advanced forklift computers, electronic shipping labels, and advanced driver assist systems allows for team members to work smarter, safer and more efficiently. This evolution of automation sets us up continued long-term success. With FedEx Express we are implementing initiatives focused on lowering our cost to serve in the U.S. This includes rightsizing the network as we prepare for future growth. to accommodate this growth we have launched multi-year hub modernization efforts at two of our largest Express hubs Memphis and Indi, these investments will enable Express to handle more volume more efficiently. Internationally, the global trade picture is less than ideal, but we are confident in our long-term position. We are rapidly moving forward with the integration of TNT, as expected we began FY 2020 with a global sales force that is 98% integrated positioning us with a single phase to our customers in nearly every market worldwide. We have recently completed on schedule the rollout of our capabilities to inject legacy FedEx Express intra-European shipments into the TNT European road network. We expect to be substantially complete with the operational integration by the end of fiscal year 2020. This will allow interoperability between the TNT and legacy Express networks and in turn result in faster service for customers at a lower cost. Beyond fiscal year 2020, our work will continue with key initiatives including customer migration, air network integration and product rationalization. The various areas I have touched on today position FedEx to be future ready, we are focused on the long-term and am humbled by the ongoing commitment, dedication and innovation by our more than 450,000 team members around the world. Now, I'll turn it over to Brie to provide more details on our macro view, revenue quality and additional growth initiatives. Brie?
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj. Good afternoon, everyone. I will open with our economic update and outlook and provide some commentary on broader industry trends and our growth priorities. Overall U.S. economic growth is holding up well with real GDP growing 3.1% in the first quarter of calendar year 2019. However, the industrial sector has suffered from an inventory build out and increased trade tensions, through May manufacturing output was 1.5% off its December peak. For calendar year 2019, we expect global economic growth to moderate as the developed world see slower growth in both domestic and external factors weigh on emerging markets. We expect services to continue to underpin global GDP growth. Global trade has slowed as trade frictions have exerted a negative impact on sentiment and of course the manufacturing sector. As the Chinese economy has continued to decelerate this has also impacted other Asian markets export performance. China's exports, which grew almost 10% in 2018 have fairly grown this year amid heightened trade tensions with United States. Outlook for the European economy remain slow due to a number of sector and country specific factors such as disruption in the automated factoring sector, social tensions, policy uncertainty, as well as uncertainty related to Brexit. In Germany and Italy which are two important markets for us manufacturing output, which turned negative in November continued to decline with April manufacturing output down 3.5% and 1.9% year-over-year in Germany and Italy, respectively. As we have stressed before tariffs are counterproductive to efforts that encourage business growth and expand global trade. Thankfully, however, we have a large and flexible global network that allows us to adjust and meet our customers' needs when trade issues present challenges in certain markets. As I mentioned on the last call, we remain laser focus on three key areas international, e-commerce and small business. Despite macroeconomic headwinds that I just covered, our international commercial team is poised for growth. Sales integration as Raj has mentioned is essentially complete. Our European network is more reliable and faster than it has ever been. We have simplified our pricing structure and open the valve for e-commerce within Europe. We have also created new pricing programs for our Asian team to sell into Europe, as well as from Europe into Asia, this is the largest trade lane in the world. E-commerce continues to be a driving force of total U.S. domestic market growth. We are building our portfolio, networking capacity to best serve thousands of retailers in this space and we continue to differentiate for example, with the launch of the FedEx seven day service. In 2020 FedEx Ground will deliver seven days a week year round for 80% of U.S. GDP.  This is truly a transformational move that builds upon the largest global commerce transportation network in the world to further serve the growing e-commerce markets. We are already faster than the competition by at least one day in 25% of the lanes. This move will further speed up our network and allow us to continue to gain market share. With the growth of e-commerce and consumer demand for flexible, safe and convenient delivery options FedEx also provide unmatched access and create cost saving opportunities for customers. The recently announced alliance with Dollar General will provide access to FedEx services in places that customers have told us are very convenient in their daily lives. The alliance will provide more than 8,000 additional locations for customers to hold packages for pickup and drop off pre-labeled packages, including of course pre-labeled returns. Further, it will bring FedEx closer to the consumer than we have ever been before within five miles of over 90% of the United States population.  Once the Dollar General rollout is complete the number of retail locations providing staffed FedEx shipping will grow to over 27,000. We are incredibly excited that the access to FedEx service continues to improve especially for e-commerce recipients in more rural, less populated areas of the United States.  This is a tremendous achievement, not just in increasing access, but also in creating cost saving opportunities for our customers and for FedEx. For instance, by choosing to ship packages directly to convenient FedEx retail locations, merchants can reduce costs of residential delivery surcharges. Delivery to our retail location eliminates weather related damage or porch stuff, helping to reduce customer service and replacement costs for retailers. And for returns drop off at our retail locations result in higher pickup density and drive greater operational efficiency making FedEx even more competitive in the returns market. We have a great returns growth opportunity that our competitive retail network now opens up for us. Across all our priorities, we continue to be very focused on revenue management. While we see a rational pricing market, e-commerce will continue to put pressure on yields with lighter packages moving shorter distances. It is important to note that contrary to the erroneous and misinformed reporting in the Wall Street Journal on June 23rd, FedEx has made no recent pricing changes -- from no pricing changes to our strategy. And we have certainly made no changes related to any one customer. In fact at Express, we have experienced strong growth from small and medium customers using our FedEx Express two day product, following a strategic pricing change we made last year, and we anticipate the growth of this successful product to continue in FY 2020. We are confident that our strategies will allow us to grow global volumes and revenues profitably. Now, let me turn the call over to Alan for his remarks. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thank you, Brie and good afternoon, everyone. FedEx Express fourth quarter operating income declined as weakness in global trade and industrial production drove a decline in our international prior revenue. Year-over-year comparisons were also impacted by an $85 million gain on the sale of a non-core business of TNT Express last year. To mitigate the weakness we have undertaken several immediate cost containment actions including significant reductions of variable incentive compensation, limiting hiring and discretionary spending, and completing our U.S. voluntary employee buyout program. Approximately 1,500 FedEx employees have left or will be voluntarily leaving the company via the U.S. employee buyout program by the end of FY 2020. Approximately 85% of those employees departed on May 31, 2019. We incurred cost of $316 million during the fourth quarter associated with our business realignment activities. These costs related primarily to severance for employees who accepted voluntary buyouts. Business realignment activities, including the voluntary employee buyout are expected to benefit FY 2020 by approximately $240 million. By eliminating open positions, we expect to achieve our savings goal using less severance than we originally forecasted. TNT integration expenses were $84 million for the fourth quarter and $388 million for FY 2019. As you heard from Raj, we are continuing to make good progress with our integration activities. At FedEx Ground, we continue to see strong e-commerce volume growth in the fourth quarter. However, FedEx Ground income and margins were negatively impacted by increased purchase transportation rates and the January launch of year-round six-day per week operations. FedEx Freight closed the year with another strong quarter despite weakening industrial production, revenue per shipment increased 4%, operating income increased 15% and operating margin improved to 9.9%.  Below the line our non-cash mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustment of a net $3.9 billion loss was driven by a substantially lower discount rate, which contributed $1.8 billion to the loss, changes in actuarial assumptions which significantly increased the liability and lower-than-expected asset returns. FY 2019 capital expenditures totaled $5.5 million. For fiscal 2020, we are targeting a mid-single digit percentage decrease in adjusted earnings per share. Our performance has been negatively affected by continued weakness in global trade and industrial production, as well as the near-term impact of certain strategic decisions we have made to sustain our leading position in a changing marketplace.  At FedEx Express, we expect earnings to be down in FY 2020 due to weakness in international priority revenue and ongoing shift to lower yielding services. Our strategic decision to not renew the FedEx Express U.S. domestic contract with Amazon will also be a near-term headwind, which we expect to reverse to a positive in FY 2021, as we replace the lost volume and optimize the network. Additionally, we do not expect a significant benefit from the fuel surcharge table changes in FY 2019 repeat and FY 2020.  FedEx Express will continue to implement actions to reduce cost to serve, improve efficiencies and adjusted to global network to match anticipated demand. While we expect to make significant progress on TNT integration activities in FY 2020, integration work will continue into FY 2021. We expect to incur approximately $350 million of integration expenses in FY 2020 and $1.7 billion in total through FY 2021. At FedEx Ground, we expect volume and revenue growth to remain very strong in FY 2020. However, operating margins will face headwinds from higher operating costs associated with expanding FedEx Ground’s delivery schedule, improving our capabilities for large packages and other investments to significantly improve efficiency and safety as Raj mentioned. At FedEx Freight, we expect continued to improve performance, as we remain focused on improving revenue quality, while implementing technology solutions that will drive efficiency and further differentiate us in the LTL market.  Our FY 2020 effective tax rate prior to year-end mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustments is expected to increase to 23% to 25% and will likely vary from quarter-to-quarter. And in addition, our tax rate is very sensitive to international income, which may cause the rate to vary from that range. FY 2020 capital spending is expected to be $5.9 billion. These expenditures will include FedEx Express investments in aircraft and hub modernization, FedEx Ground investments that increase our efficiency in handling large packages and investments in technology across the enterprise that will further optimize our networks and improve our competitiveness.  All of these targets assume moderate U.S. economic growth, current fuel price expectations and no further weakening in international economic conditions. A further ramping in anti-trade measures and or adverse changes in international trade policies and relations would likely drive additional weakness in our business. As I mentioned earlier, a substantial decline in this account rates, changes in actuarial assumptions and lower-than-expected asset returns negatively impacted our FY 2019 mark-to-market adjustment. With that our U.S. qualified pension plan funded status declined to approximately 90%. While we are not required to make a pension contribution in FY 2020, we are expecting to contribute $1 billion. Also, we have funded large increases in our dividend and significant share repurchase over the last several years. Our stock buyback level is expected to be significantly lower in FY 2020 and our dividend remains at $0.65 per quarter. In conclusion, management is focused on improving our near-term performance, while also position FedEx for long-term success. While we are adjusting cost to mitigate macro uncertainties and address the growth of e-commerce, we will continue to invest in areas that expand our capabilities and improve our long-term efficiencies. We are confident that these investments will drive long-term earnings growth and improve margins, cash flows and return.  Now, let me turn the call back over to Fred to introduce the topic Mark Allen is going to discuss.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Alan. First before I do that, let me take a point of personal privilege and mention something in the Wall Street Journal article yesterday, which I'm uniquely qualified to speak to. And it's the statement that I started the Express unit four decades ago to ferry shipments like legal documents and medical supplies over long distances. Facts of the matter are that when FedEx began operations, it was specifically prohibited for private carriers to move documents of any type that was only permitted a number of years later when there were relaxation of the private express statutes in order to facilitate the fast movements of legal and financial documents. And rather than medical supplies, the company was basically put together to pick up, transport and deliver first overnight from any address in U.S. to any other address in the United States technology packages, which was the basic market that we were serving. Of course, we then added two day Express, we expanded internationally, added pallets and of course today we pick up and transport millions of items in the Express business on a far larger scale at a far, far lower price. The biggest issue on a go forward basis and the article goes on to say that the Express unit wasn’t built for e-commerce, the reality is it's perfectly built for e-commerce with the exception that we have to address. As we've said on several of the remarks here, including mine that we have to be very efficient in delivering to residential or making residential deliveries, which are an increasing part of the traffic moving through both the Ground and the Express network. So with that clarification, let me turn now to the subject of the lawsuit that we filed yesterday. There has been a considerable amount of miss reporting on this as well. Number one, as that is related to the Huawei issue where we miss routed and then apologize for two packages and returned to the shipper erroneously a third. The Huawei packages were only peripherally involved in this lawsuit that we filed. And in fact, it goes back many, many years, which is in the lawsuit itself and it concerns not contraband, which many people have confused. The lawsuit is as concerning. It concerns important export controls as administered by the Department of Commerce. So we work very hard with all kinds of law enforcement agency, as does the Postal Service and UPS, keep certain types of items out of our networks. Illegal drugs, unlicensed firearms, you could go down the list, you can go and look at the prohibited items on our website, the Postal Service.  This is not about prohibited items and contraband, it is about regulations that the Department of Commerce administrators, which prohibit entities meaning companies or individuals from exporting or importing, and that's quite different. And in many cases, they're either prohibited completely, or they are restricted to various destinations or to various commodities or certain contents. In turn that requires a common carrier like FedEx when one of these entities is put on the list to in essence, certify, and in fact, get a certificate from the shipper that basically wants what's in the package or in the shipment. And that's the issue that we're dealing with here. I note that Secretary Ross, who I've known for four decades and respect and like a lot I'm pain by the fact that they issued a statement that disagrees with our position in the litigation. But as we told the Department of Commerce yesterday, we certainly understand their job and their implementation of the trade policy of the administration, this lawsuit doesn't speak to that at all. It speaks to the issues that our general counsel will now tell you about. And after his remarks, we won't have any further comments on this as will let the process play out in the Court. So Mark Allen, our General Counsel will make a statement.
Mark Allen : The action that we filed yesterday in the Federal District Court in DC request that the government be permanently enjoined from enforcing the export administration regulations against FedEx in circumstances where we have no actual knowledge that the contents of a shipment are subject to the EARs. The BIS takes the position that a common carrier like FedEx can be held liable for shipments that do not comply with the Export Administration Regulations without requiring any evidence that the carrier had any actual knowledge of an apparent violation. We believe very strongly that the imposition of this sort of strict liability is a clear violation of our constitutional due process rights under the Fifth Amendment. We cannot know the contents of the 15 million packages we handle daily and whether those contents comply with the complex EARs. By requiring us to police the contents of packages moving through our global network, the government is placing an unreasonable burden on a common carrier.  We have reached out to commerce to let them know of our commitment to compliance. However, we hope to reach an agreement on a common sense way forward. That would be creating a safe harbor that essentially means if we have no knowledge of an apparent violation, the BIS will not come after us.
Fred Smith: So now, we will take your questions and probably have soon teed up.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And our first question today will come from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse. 
Allison Landry: Thanks. Good afternoon. So you mentioned 2020 is a transition year for earnings and considering the bump in CapEx, clearly it’s going to be difficult for you guys to generate cash this year. So, I guess, do you expect any positive cash flow and could you help us think through the longer term cash generation of the business as you think about 2021 and 2022? Thank you.
Alan Graf: Allison, this is Alan. Yes, I do expect improve free cash flow in FY 2020. And as far as it being a transitional year, I think to explain it about as well as we could I look for past that I can't predict what's going to happen with trade, tariffs, China, G20 and Brexit. So if you’ll just step that aside that turns out well or decent.  We got a lot of good guys in 2021 we will have seven day ground operation running at full speed. We’ll have the benefits from the full TNT interoperability, we’ll have lower U.S. FedEx Express rural and residential cost, we’ll have unbelievable improvement in Ground productivity and growth and we’ll have continued freight growth and improved productivity. So I think once we get through 2020 we are going to be in fantastic shape with the global macro paying it over. As to our $5.9 billion, the company wants to spend upwards of seven. We worked very hard to push up projects that I think will have good strategic returns, but a lot of really good things didn’t make the cut. We have a lot of opportunities here particularly on the cost side and we're going to attack them and grow. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee : Hey, thanks good afternoon. Yes it looks based on the guidance that you are calling for Express to be down from a profit perspective, maybe double digits, wanted to get a sense if you could maybe break out some of the crosscurrents from trade in the macro and sort of what that impact might be on the core business and try to separate that out from some of the things you are doing strategically with delivery as well as some of the late-night pickups and maybe some of the strategic decisions you’ve made around the customer. Anyway you can kind of parse out some of that detailed in sort of that guided weakness in Express would be helpful?
Alan Graf: Chris, Alan again. What we're looking at right now, as I just talked about in our fourth quarter at Express where we had international priority revenues actually down that's hard to recover from in a very short period of time. Again, I don't know what's going to play out here on trade and tariff, so there could be some upside for that, but at the moment I’m not seeing that. Our load factors coming out of Asia really aren’t bad, but the yields aren’t that good and could be better. So I think the biggest issue is the macro. On the as far as what's going on with Express in the U.S. is doing fine. I mean, we had a great growth rate in our deferred traffic, which we went after intentionally and we're going to get our cost structure in shape to improve the profitability of Express through that, as well. So really it's the macro that's the biggest hangover for what we're looking at for FY 2020.
Operator: And next, we will go to Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Hey, good afternoon. Thank you for the time. Could to provide some more details around the steps that you're taking to in your word right size your operations to better handle e-commerce, do you foresee perhaps further changes in the business model in an effort to gain these efficiency such as more closely integrating your Ground and Express operations? Thank you.
Fred Smith: I don't recall who said right size, did you Raj, optimize. Well, this is Smith here, I said in my remarks that we made a number of announcements, I don't think anybody on this phone call knew a month ago that FedEx was going to announce seven day a week service, $8,000 general locations, in sourcing 2 million SmartPost packages, building a number of large package and access to exploit that business in ground and then all the other things that Raj and Brie mentioned to you. So please recall in my remarks I basically said stay tuned that we’ll be telling you some other things during this fiscal year. So we understand the issues involved in e-commerce and residential delivery and Raj made the point specifically, we will be the low cost producer in the e-commerce space for residential deliveries. We're quite confident of that from many perspectives, but we’re not prepared to tell you some of these other moves any more than we were prepared to tell you months ago about the things that I just listed off. But there will be other things that we will announce during FY 2020 in this regard you can count on it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. 
Scott Group: Thanks. Afternoon, So Alan, is there any way you can help us think about maybe the quarterly cadences of earnings just obviously we got some week trends right now, but then really though incentive comps in the second half of the year, any help there? And then, maybe if I just following up on that big picture are there reasons why we could potentially consolidate Ground and Express networks from a delivery standpoint and then any object you can give us on the international buyout potential?
Alan Graf: That’s was three, Scott. So look as the cadence the tax rate is going to be really spotty. I mean, we’ve got a lot of assumptions that we have to prove and get through, we’re still looking at all of these pages of interpretations and regs that are coming out left and right. We’re dealing with B, we are dealing with GILTI, you've probably heard this from everybody that you follow international is extremely complex. So tax rate is going to be a factor in our quarter-to-quarter numbers, don’t be surprised by that.  Secondarily, again, I just can't tell you what's going to happen from the global economic standpoint, so that piece of it, the cadence is going be the cadence it’s a little bit out of our control, we will manage to it. But we don’t want to do anything stupid and then not have the capacity that we need in the right place. So we are watching that extremely carefully. You asked the Ground, they are going to have a great year. I mean, they really are, they are going to grow, they are going to grow fast and if we can hold margins or get closer to holding margins on this growth with all the expansion and all the investments that they're doing and improving productivity, they are going to be ready to roll in 2021,they are going to have a very consistent year, so that’s about all I can tell you. The other thing is that people forget that there is a reason that Express has a two days service it’s called distance, when we need an airplane, we need an airplane, the customer really decides which network makes the delivery. I think we've explained this over and over and over again on the margin yes, there's always opportunities. But for the most part we got to fly it when we have to fly it, but the customer can make that decision.
Operator: Amit Mehrotra from Deutsche Bank has our next question.
Amit Mehrotra: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Alan you made the comment, I think in response to Allison's question that free cash flow would be better in fiscal 2020. I'm wondering, if you could just help put a finer point on that based on the macro assumptions that the company has made. And related to that, the billion dollar pension contribution, the voluntary pension contribution, I would imagine that that would be funded with new debt given the offsetting cash savings from the PBGC insurance premiums. And then, just related to that if you can discuss the incremental costs in fiscal 2020 associated with the seven day delivery. Thanks so much.
Alan Graf: Well, there'll be some incremental costs associated with some of the delivery, of course. We've been incurring them, and we will continue to incur them. But that -- now that we've gone to six day, the seven day leap is not nearly as significant. So those won't be material. But they probably will likely be a headwind. But I have to say, what I'm hearing from my team is that the customers are lining up to get to seven day, and we're going to do it very efficiently. And I think we'll be able to start it in a very good way. So, again, I'm excited about what's happening in that regard.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Ross with Stifel.
David Ross: Yes, good afternoon. Just back on the TNT integration expenses, the total cost of $1.7 billion is about double what it initially was. Can you just remind us what that additional expense is for and is there a difference between network integration, which you said is going to be completed in the next year, and network improvement or upgrades that need to be made to the TNT system?
Alan Graf: Hey, David, it's Alan again. Not double. I will tell you a couple of things. One is that we originally gave you a $400 million number about not [indiscernible]. That's an old number that's never been updated. But it continues to be a problem for us in terms of integration as we have to basically rebuild a system that TNT had and then integrate it with the network that we've got on the purple side. And it's cost us a lot more money and slowed it down. And it's made it more complex. The good news on that side is that we -- the interoperability will be done by the end of the fiscal year. And that's when we can start really harvesting the benefits of that low cost road network and flow to Express packages through it seamlessly without all kinds of double handling and double packaging and everything else. I’ll let Raj add to this.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, I’ll just say that there has been tremendous momentum in the last -- literally in the last few months on the TNT integration. We are -- we have the vision of interoperability by end up fiscal year 2020 with and ultimately one network for air, and one network for ground. It's a lot of value to be had here. But what I want to say here is that we are waiting to create value for the customers because the customer value has been created as we speak, we are speeding up lanes, and our service levels are very good and the demand is strong. So, I think we made a lot of progress and there is significant value in this investment and it'll come to bear fiscal 2021 onwards.
Operator: And next we'll go to David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon: Hey a question for you, Fred or Raj on the portfolio. Obviously, the expansion into the virtual kind of retail footprint with the partnerships with Dollar General things like that. Is there a point where you maybe look at the portfolio and say, why do we still have the services business? Do you need that retail footprint? Do you ever get to a point where you kind of rethink the composition of that part of the business?
Raj Subramaniam: I guess you're asking about the FedEx Office, I think, it plays a very important role as part of our retail network, especially as we move forward on e-commerce, some of the premium value added services on hold a location plus return services are several things that we process to the FedEx Office that’s unique and differentiated. And the value is going to get even better as the e-commerce trends increase. I don't know Brie if you want to add anything more to that.
Brie Carere: Yes, the only thing that I will add is obviously we're very excited about the expansion of our onsite retail partnerships with Walgreens and with Dollar General. The FedEx Office retail locations bring in some of our most profitable small and medium business because the experience they get when they are shipping internationally when they were shipping and they want the peace of mind of proper packaging. That is absolutely just stellar experience and those employees just deliver a great experience. So we're very committed to that element of the portfolio.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. And don’t forget these FedEx office locations, the size of this FedEx offices are substantial and is an excellent place to conduct e-commerce. And as Brie pointed out the most profitable packages for the FedEx system comes to the FedEx office network.
Alan Graf: And we're expanding inside Walmart stores, which is becoming a great partnership and Brie, thanks for mentioning profitability I loved it.
Operator: Our next question will comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. 
Brandon Oglenski: Good afternoon everyone and thanks for taking my questions. And Mr. Smith I really submit this question humbly as an analyst that never run a business, but I guess you know at what point do we question the scale of the Express networks because we've seen decade after decade of low returns, low margins and peak economic activity that can’t put in a pretty good return, but still never really crossing that threshold of covering the cost of capital. And on the call today just seems like the strategy is the same put more capital in optimize, but not right size. So I guess why not a more radical look at the business I think someone suggest to look at integrating portions of Express or Ground or maybe even going more aggressively just on the overall footprint of the business. Can you talk to that please?
Fred Smith: Did you ask me the same question in the last analyst call, or somebody else asked me a similar question. But look, the only way I can respond to that is obviously the plans and the programs we put in place were designed to create superior returns. We didn't just decide to do it for the hell of it and it reminds me a little bit about that old adage of Mike Tyson that everybody is got a plan till they get hit in the mouth. So one of the things that always amuses me about watching a lot of things that are written about FedEx and so forth. The competition has a vote and the economy has a vote, so clearly we’ve been very disappointed over the last few years with the assumptions that we made on the growth in international trade, particularly with the Trump administration. The United States policy since 1934 with Roosevelt and the Secretary of State Cordell Hull was to expand international trade.  And now we have a huge dispute where the United States is basically become protectionist defined as I will make everything I need in my own borders. I don't need to import things and quite frankly don't particularly need to export them, despite the fact that 95% of the world’s population is outside the United States. So we have become a protectionist country. We don't agree with the Chinese position on trade either and been very vocal about that, which is mercantilist. I would like to sell to you, but I won't buy from you on a reciprocal basis. So your question implies that we have said around and you said quote for decades. We don't look at the business as a single segment, we’ve said that over and over again, it all be constructed and to some degree I sort of added in that today by making an exception saying we expected Freight and Ground to have earnings increases and margin increases in Freight and hopefully any compression in Ground due to the expansion will be very small. So clearly as we go forward and things change, if we don't resume any kind of international growth we would change our approach to the business. We don't have any sacred cows here, but you also have to remember in the Express business as Alan said, our domestic Express business is doing fine, it’s not the issue, it’s the international business that’s having a problem for the reasons that Brie and now I am saying to you. Good news is that if traffic and yields materialize, the conversion rate to profitability is probably in the neighborhood of 60%, because it’s a network where the incremental volume goes to the bottom line faster than any of our other activity. In the case of TNT, I have to say I've been amazed not just with the people who follow FedEx in this industry, with the amazing disinterest and the NotPetya attack. It was the largest single attack by a state-sponsored entity in history of the world. It has put the Ukraine on its knees. The only reason that it was less of a factor to us than it was, was because of the fantastic work of our IT team that went and remediated it, had it not been that TNT had been a subsidiary of FedEx, the company would've been bankrupt. It would have just gone out of business.  So clearly we should of sat and waited, knowing not NotPetya was coming, we could have picked up the pieces. It would've been a lot easier on us. So I think I’m going to ask Rob Carter, our CIO to just give you a bit of color which he was giving me the other day about the NotPetya account to my knowledge, the only in-depth article that's ever been written by that I think was in wired magazine. And when you read that it's like Oh My God this is one of the most underreported stories in history. So to get to your point, of course, we want to make money in these networks and we will engineer and modify them to the extent that we need to, but you got to remember those two things. The anticipation of continued embrace of free trade, which was our assumption on building a lot of the stuff and then not assuming the NotPetya things are the two exogenous factors that we’ve been dealing with. So Rob you want to comment on this.
Rob Carter: This attack was weapons grade attack by Russia on Ukraine that utilize cyber tools that were built by the NSA and the U.S. government, a group called Shadow Broker [ph] stole those tools and they were turned back on the Ukraine and the devastation in the Ukraine just hasn't properly been reported. All the airports were down, all the trains were down, hospital systems were lost, the monitoring systems in Chernobyl that monitor what is the most infamous nuclear plant in the world were lost. If you looked at pictures that are on the Internet of the Kyiv Airport every single screen showing the red screen of death every point of sale terminal in the big grocery stores showing the same thing, every ATM machine down in the country. This was an amazing attack and we are thankful that our teams were certainly able to stop it at the borders of TNT it didn’t impact the FedEx enterprise. But the devastation in the TNT technology state was considerable to say the least. The good news for today is that the state is running significantly better than it ever has with high degrees of reliability that are positively impacting service levels for TNT and the integrated networks that are being put in place now. But Fred's right this was a devastating attack for a nation state that couldn't defend itself and businesses like ours and many others were impacted as well.
Alan Graf: Brandon, this is Alan. I just want to -- since the question is an important one, I just feel like I need to weigh in as a CFO. What you just -- the question you asked we talk about all the time, we talk at the board level, we talked about our SMCs, let me just add two things. In fourth quarter a year ago, we were almost there. We had Express running on all cylinders. And that was without TNT providing anything but a drag. So I know we can do it. I know we will do it, I’m disappointed that we haven't done it, but I believe strongly that when we get the interoperability up and we get any kind of global trade environment that's reasonable that we will be successful with our international Express.
Operator: Our next question will come from Helane Becker with Cowen. 
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. I appreciate the time. Fred, what happened to the Guangzhou hub in this whole China, U.S trade situation if anything?
Fred Smith: Well, there is a tremendous trade dispute going on between China and the United States as is reported almost hourly on the business TV stations. But we've been a good corporate citizen in China for decades. And we are completely dedicated to compliance in China. And we have expressed that to them and reinforced it. So they audit us in Guangzhou and many other locations. And probably there have been an increase in audits as a result of this to some degree. But we've cooperated fully with the China State Postal Bureau and their investigation of the two miss routed packages and the erroneously returned package. Again, we apologize to the customers, they never left our possessions, we offered to make things right, but that has nothing to do with China or Huawei. It has everything to do with the purple promise. We’d have done that for any customer. So our Guangzhou hub is a huge part of the economy of the Pearl River Basin. And so we hope there's not going to be any further deterioration in U.S., China trade relations. Let me say again, just because it's important for this audience to know about this request that we made of the DC Circuit Court on these export regulations, which really led us to do that at the end of the day wasn't Huawei at all, it was on last Friday, there were five new entities added with these extraordinarily opaque requirements. And contrary what is hear in the media, we don't have to be complicit in this. It's strict liability.  If you make a mistake, if the Department of Commerce, BIS, which stands for Bureau of Industry and Security, they are empowered under their regulations, not we think based on congressional law, but on their own regulation. You find us or any other common carrier, if what what's been represented in that shipment, even though we have a certificate saying that it complies, $250,000 per package. So I don't think that's what they intended. And as Mark said, hopefully we're going to deal with them. But that is separate and distinct from the Huawei situation, which was three packages out of a 15 million package per day. So it's very difficult these days to keep this in perspective. But we've tried to do so and we’ve got a great team in China, Karen Reddington, our President and Eddy Chan, who runs China for us and our government affairs people. So hopefully we don't have any issues there, certainly hadn’t been any operational issues to speak up.
Operator: The next question will come from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.
Bascome Majors: Yes, thanks for taking my question here. Alan, I was curious if you could tell us how much incentive comp helped the results in 2019 on absolute basis? I know it was $350 million through the first two quarters of the year. And how much would a target level be for that to fully come back? And how much or how close to that target are you budgeting into fiscal 2020 outlook? Thanks.
Alan Graf: Hey, Bascome. We're going to have an 8-K in July. I don't think that's too much of a strategic question. The AIC that we are forecasting for FY 2020 is in the guidance I gave you. And why don't we just leave it at that and follow up with IR later.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Hey, good afternoon. You noted the profit growth at Ground incorporated the startup for Sunday delivery and would still be up. Given the move of retailers for more next day delivery from Walmart target to Amazon, do you see a larger shift going from Express -- I'm sorry, from Ground to Express packages and how does that change your dynamic and cost structure?
Raj Subramaniam: So, this is Raj. Let me -- the reason we have now a full portfolio of services on transportation and other e-commerce services is to cater to all the needs of retailers and e-tailers as we go forward here. So to your question, when Walmart talked overnight for Walmart while we are the service provider for that and we have a lot of overnight volume for that. If you need extra hours for target we provide that, if we need a local zone one ground delivery we have that service as well. So my point here is that we have now a full portfolio of e-commerce delivery services along with technology and returns and more to come as the Chairman talked about it is the most robust in the marketplace. So it's really putting together the whole picture that we are trying to do here.
Alan Graf: Hey Ken, Alan. What Ground is working on and doing a great job of is lowering their cost structure dramatically, we wouldn't be taking all the SmartPost packages into our own network if it wasn't the fact that we can do it for a lower cost than the postage. The postage is going to keep going up we're driving our cost down. So, that's an important phenomenon for you to understand. Secondarily again, the customer decides time and distance is how we decide, which network it goes into Ground swung its assets it’s double turning, it’s doing all kinds of things, but it can't make a really late in the evening pickup for next day delivery or two-day delivery of any kind distance and that's when it goes to Express. So as Raj was explaining to you. We've got networks to provide whatever the customer wants. And that's important thing, but I don't want today to go by that people understanding Ground is significantly lowering its unit cost and doing it very rapidly.
Operator: And next we will go to Tom Wadewitz from UBS. 
Tom Wadewitz: Good evening, thank you for the question. Sticking on that topic, I guess, perhaps you could offer more color on what some of the actions are to significantly lower the cost structure in Ground. I guess my intuition is that in transportation density drives cost and it seems like in the all-in on e-commerce you are doing a number of things that will help grow the business, but could drive some dilution in your density just more B2C packages. So just wondering if you could help us understand the offsets to some of the margin pressure and perhaps a little more on what you're saying Alan in terms of really significantly lowering the cost structure in Ground?
Alan Graf: I got this one, of course it’s density and as fast as Ground is growing, as fast as the packages are coming to and the fact that we're swinging the assets more and with the technology and engineering expertise that we have, which is world class. We can handle a whole lot more traffic, at a lot lower unit cost and that's a great place to be. All by the way as I want to iterate Ground is faster on 25% on lanes net, sometimes we get compared to over the peak season about how well we do versus the competition, everybody forgets, they are holding us to our own standards, not what all the competition does that makes us one, two or three days faster during peak season. So I think we are in great place and that’s how we're doing it.
Operator: And that does conclude our question and answer session today. And I would like to turn it over to Mickey Foster for closing remarks. 
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the investor relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-03-19 17:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter Form 10-Q, earnings release and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website where the replay will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate, since we have about one hour to complete the call, the spread will be on CNBC following the call. The answers to the questions we received from analysts prior to today have been incorporated into our opening comments. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Raj Subramaniam, President and COO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Bob Carter, Executive Vice President FedEx Information Services and CIO, Brie Carere; Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer. Now, Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thanks, Mickey. And welcome to all joining our quarterly call. Let me offer sincere thanks to hundreds of thousands of FedEx team members for delivering an outstanding peak season despite weeks of tough winter weather in many areas. Quarter three was a challenging quarter. Our FY19 plan envisioned topline revenue growth of approximately $6 billion. Mostly due to lower economic growth in international regions, we expect to end the year with about $4.5 billion in increased revenues. Of course the profit flow through of the $1.5 billion revenue shortfall would of course been substantial in FY19. Nonetheless, the midpoint of the adjusted EPS guidance is up about $0.20 over FY18. Five-year EPS CAGR using midpoint of adjusted FY19 EPS guidance, I might remind everyone, is expected to be 17% and our target for long-term EPS growth rate is 10% to 15%. We have projected FY19 earnings growth, despite a major expansion of FedEx Ground including one, the opening of two major new hubs in Pennsylvania and Connecticut this past fall; two, expanding facilities for the rapidly growing oversized package e-commerce segment; and three, transitioning to a year-round six-day FedEx Ground operation. FY19 free cash flow adjusted to exclude voluntary pension contributions, cash expenses related to our voluntary employee buyout program is expected to be approximately $1.5 billion. In addition, we expect free cash flow in the years to come to expand significantly, assuming that we have reasonable macroeconomic situation. While that macroeconomic environment lately has presented challenges relative to our prior expectations, particularly at FedEx Express, we’re quite optimistic we’ll improve results in FY20 that begins 1 June. We’re very enthused about the FedEx SameDay Bot, developed with DEKA Research and Development that we unveiled on February 26th. While we will have much more to say about this technology, we believe the economics of the FedEx Bot are compelling that regulatory approvals are highly likely over time, we will enter a substantial new market segment that is a logical extension of FedEx capabilities. Let me now turn to Raj, followed by Brie and Alan for further remarks, and then we'll take your questions. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Fred, and good afternoon. I'm very excited to be here with you on the call today in my new role. I’m also really excited about the two appointments we announced last week Don Colleran, as our President and Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express, and Jill Brannon, who's succeeding Don as EVP and Chief Sales Officer. I worked with both Don and Jill for many years, and I'm thrilled to have their leadership in these critical positions. I'd first like to take a moment to recognize the efforts of our team members to adapt to operational challenges this quarter. As you all know, we saw a number of severe weather events this winter in the U.S. During Q3, there were more than 17 instances of major highway closures or restrictions due to named storms. And in February alone, 50% of the FedEx Freight shipments were impacted by weather a five-year record. Thank you to our team members for their hard work and dedication in delivering the Purple Promise to our customers in these trying conditions. As I mentioned on the last call, one of my immediate priorities was TNT integration. I'm pleased to share that we have made significant progress. The operational integration is complete in the U.S., Canada and the Middle East. We have 35% of our international stations integrated and our sales force will be substantially integrated by May 31, 2019. As we integrate stations, duplicate pickup and delivery schedules are eliminated and routes are optimized thus reducing costs. At the hub level, our road and air hubs are outfitted with technology that enables injection of volume into the lowest cost air or road network. Now, I want to emphasize that we are not waiting for integration to complete to add value for our customers. On February the 6th, we announced a significant integration milestone with the ability to inject legacy FedEx Express intra-European shipments into the TNT European road network. FedEx intra-European economy parcel shipments, transit time will improve on average by at least one business day on approximately 40% of the European lanes in the countries where the service is implemented. This service improvement is already launched in 7 countries including Germany and the UK and the full rollout, which includes a total of 28 countries, is expected to be complete by June. This cross-utilization of the combined FedEx Express and TNT networks is a major step towards full integration of the operations. The benefits of this move are twofold, faster service for our customers at a lower cost. Additionally, we announced yesterday that we have improved transit on our TNT European economy express service from two days to one day on 1,200 lanes. Our service levels continue to improve and we are aggressively moving forward to gain new business. In fact, you are seeing positive momentum in our European parcel business as year-over-year revenue growth has sequentially accelerated every month for the past quarter. This European value proposition improvements and cost saving opportunities represent a significant impact on the total FedEx international business. Before the TNT acquisition, our European revenue accounted for around 20% of our total international business. Today, it represents approximately 40% of the combined FedEx Express, TNT international revenue. Looking ahead, the rationalization of the legacy FedEx Express and TNT core service portfolios and the upgrades and enhancements to supporting technology are scheduled to complete the summer of 2020. And that will allow customer migration activities to begin thereafter. As you can imagine, there's a great deal of work underway on the IT side. And I'm now going to turn it over to my business partner Rob Carter to comment on where we stand. Rob?
Rob Carter: Thanks, Raj. I believe it's well-known that the systems at TNT suffered from an underinvestment prior to the acquisition. Since then, however, we've made significant progress to modernize and eliminate legacy TNT applications. More than 600 TNT applications have been retired to-date and many hundreds more will be retired over the coming year. TNT’s applications were historically very localized and bespoke. As we adopt the core FedEx applications, we're standardizing both business processes and applications at the same time. This results in improved security, reliability and speed to market, all of which improve customer experience. Due to this ongoing simplification, TNT system’s reliability is at an all-time high.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Rob. To actually look beyond fiscal 2020, the integration has also uncovered numerous transformation and optimization opportunities that we will pursue. These include upgrades to financial systems, HR platforms and simplification and standardization of transactional work in our back office functions. While these activities will require additional investments, potential financial benefits are expected to be significant. I want to reiterate that the value that TNT brings to us around the world is very clear. In Europe, we have an unmatched footprint and capabilities to deliver parcels and freight that encompasses more than 500 stations and 55,000 weekly road trips across 45 countries. In addition to the TNT integration, there continues to be significant media and investor interest on the potential for Amazon to disrupt the transportation industry. We have been clear that this is not a threat to our business because Amazon represents less than 1.3% of our total revenue, which is substantially lower than what our largest competitor carries, nor is Amazon a threat to our future growth. I want to take this opportunity to provide some additional facts about the market we play in. The size of the U.S. domestic parcel market is roughly 15 million packages per day. In addition, the global market for international parcel shipments is another 10 million packages per day. And we carry around 14.5 million packages per day today. Even if the e-commerce market did not grow one additional package, there's still substantial growth in the industrial sector of the market where we are extremely well-positioned to gain share due to our unmatched network and global portfolio. So, now, let's talk about e-commerce. This represents a significant additional opportunity for growth. We believe that we are able to add to our existing expertise and provide a market leading value proposition here as well. We continue to invest and enhance our capabilities. You’ve already seen several examples such as Extra Hours, FedEx Onsite, FedEx Delivery Manager and our enhanced Return Solutions. We are well-positioned to provide the best service at the appropriate price point, leveraging our current capabilities and targeted additional investments. Now, there's an intense media focus on the quote unquote, Last Mile, but very few people think about the first few thousand miles. When you see a FedEx truck on the road, it not only is carrying those local Last Mile shipments, but also the other shipments that are originated from all parts of the globe, creating density for Last Mile delivery and higher revenue per stop. This is an inherent advantage of players who have a global network in place. Any new entrant in this space will not have this benefit and also not have any particular advantage on the input costs. Our core business can be segmented in two basic categories, large customers, and small and medium enterprises. Large customers have complex global supply chains with specialized needs. Our international network, expertise and broad portfolio enable us to serve these customers with very sticky, customized solutions. Our value proposition is far more sophisticated than just local Last Mile, and we have bundled pricing across the portfolio. Small and medium businesses speak simplicity and generally desire one stop shop, and they want a transportation provider who can handle their local, national, rural and peak needs. We also have a robust loyalty and earned discount pricing strategy for this segment that again rewards customers for bundling their business with FedEx. So, in short, we have a terrific portfolio that'll allow us to grow our core business segments and we are very well placed to take share in the rapidly growing e-commerce segments. In the U.S. market alone, we expect the parcel market to double in size to more than 100 million packages per day by 2026. When you view the unprecedented growth opportunity in our industry in the years ahead, and a very small number of providers that will be able to address this opportunity, it becomes clear why we are optimistic about growth over the next few years. Let me now briefly touch on some other key priorities. They include offering leading edge e-commerce solutions, reducing costs and improving revenue quality. We’re investing in innovative automation that'll enable lower costs residential deliveries, and will be a key driver of growth for years to come. We're enhancing our networks and building specific solutions to improve profitability, such as expanding the footprint and convenience of a retail network, with FedEx Onsite, driving growth in the FedEx Delivery Manager enrollment and leveraging our FedEx Ground six-day network year-around. I also want to show you that all our units are intensely focused on driving down the cost to serve for technology, quality initiatives, load optimization, safety improvements and many other areas. In summary, while significant work remains, I'm confident we are positioned for long-term success. We're making marked progress in our TNT integration, which represents the largest lever for improved express and overall company profitability. In the U.S., our revenue growth and market positions are exceptionally strong. And we are adjusting our revenue management and cost tactics to drive optimal performance. As we look ahead, my long-term priorities are profitable growth and shareholder value creation. Now, let me turn it over to Brie for update.
Brie Carere: Thank you, Raj. Good afternoon, everyone. Given that this is my first call, I wanted to take a moment to talk about our strategic growth priorities and why specifically I'm so excited about those growth priorities. At FedEx, we are laser-focused on three key areas that will drive this growth, small and medium business, international, and e-commerce. And let me briefly touch upon each of those now. FedEx understands how important small businesses are to the growth of the economy and to FedEx. We have gained significant market share and revenue in this segment. We successfully delivered this growth through our efforts to optimize sales, marketing and digital capabilities and optimize our cost of acquisition. This segment is especially -- really values the market leading trends at the FedEx Ground. We also have strong programs in place that continue to gain momentum and loyalty with our small businesses, including our best-in-class loyalty program and our Small Business Grant Contest. It’s programs like these that truly help us set us apart. On the international front, we are taking decisive action to improve our results. And Raj already covered our focus on TNT in Europe. We have the most comprehensive intercontinental cargo air networks in the world. And we continue to lean into the strength, while supplementing it with new and innovative value proposition. For example, we have FedEx Delivery Manager now in 59 countries outside of the U.S.. And we are making strong progress on differentiating e-commerce portfolio through our FedEx Cross Border offerings. Raj mentioned, e-commerce continues to be a significant driver of the growth in the U.S. domestic market. Currently, it's about 50 million ADV or average daily volume packages today and it will grow to 100 million by 2026. We have a very robust e-commerce portfolio with strong market differentiation. We are excited about the FedEx Ground 6-day network and our Saturday advantage. As we move to six-day, we added Monday while maintaining our advantage on coverage and commitment for Saturday. Further, we expect one in four incremental e-commerce packages to be locally fulfilled between now and 2026. This is why we are so excited about our new innovations including the FedEx SameDay Bot and capabilities such as FedEx Extra Hours. As a reminder FedEx Extra Hours enables merchants to fulfill locally as late as midnight while enabling their customers to shop in the evening with next day or two-day delivery. Across all our strategic priorities, we continue to be very focused on revenue management. We see a very rational pricing market. We also routinely review our fuel surcharges. As we announced last month and effective yesterday, we updated the tables used to determine our fuel surcharges for FedEx Express U.S. domestic services and at FedEx Ground. Although e-commerce will put pressure on yield with lighter and shorter distance packages, we continue to make structural changes to address the profitability which Raj just spoke to. So, with that, let me take a few minutes to talk about our economic outlook. We see solid economic growth in the U.S. but somewhat below last year's pace. Internationally, performances is mixed across regions as overall growth moderates. The Eurozone and Japan still appear sluggish while emerging markets growth eases at a gradual pace. A recurring theme in global surveys on economic activity is a negative impact from global trade frictions and heightened uncertainty. World trade is slowing, and leading indicators point to positive but ongoing deceleration in trade growth in the near term. Since our last earnings call, we have seen the overall China economy slow down further, and this has impacted other Asian economies. Given the size of China, no markets will be able to absorb more than a fraction of what China produces, but customers continue to look to diversify from China. We have also seen some customers evaluate mode optimization. Our network and portfolio lets customers respond quickly and act locally for our customers in China, as well as around the world. In closing, our most immediate commercial priorities in the U.S. are to focus on yield growth for FedEx Express and to grow into our six-day network for FedEx Ground. In Europe, we are leveraging the value proposition improvements coming to market and are aggressively focused on gaining share. Despite economic headwinds, we believe we have growth opportunities from Asia to Europe and we will leverage our new expanded buyer base in Europe to acquire this share. Let me now turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Brie, welcome to the team. Good afternoon, everyone. Slowing international macroeconomic conditions and weaker global trade growth trends continue. Asia volume weakness, which we experienced during peak season, deepened post Chinese New Year. Reflecting these macro challenges, FedEx Express international revenues declined year-over-year in the third quarter. U.S. volume growth continued to benefit from the expansion of our e-commerce solutions but yields were pressured by this expansion, lower weight per shipment and service mix changes. With that, total FedEx Express revenue declined 1% year-over-year in Q3 versus growth of 8% year-over-year in the first half of this fiscal year. Our strategic management committee has been investing a significant amount of time identifying operational and financial steps to address the challenges we are facing. To mitigate the lower than expected revenue trends, we have further reduced our variable incentive compensation, launched our voluntary employee buyout program, and limited hiring and discretionary spending. FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight both had strong volume and revenue growth in the third quarter. FedEx Freight continued to focus on balanced volume and yield growth and produced another strong quarter of operating results. FedEx Ground operating results were negatively impacted by the inflationary impact, the tight labor market on our purchase transportation rates and employee wages. Higher costs related to staffing and network expansion, and the January launch of year-round six-day per week operations also impacted Ground’s performance. While the launch of six-day operation was a headwind for the quarter, the use of existing assets more efficiently is a positive for the FedEx Ground business as it ultimately drives improved performance and enhances our competitive position. While these benefits are not always reflected immediately and may take time to be realized, we believe it is a winning strategy for the long-term. Looking forward, we are now forecasting fiscal 2019 adjusted earnings $15.10 to $15.90 per diluted share. We expect year-over-year revenue and earnings growth of FedEx Freight will continue in the fourth quarter driven by balanced volume and yield growth. While FedEx Ground year-over-year revenue growth is expected to remain strong in the fourth quarter, higher operating costs are expected to continue to negatively impact results. We expect earnings to decrease year-over-year at FedEx Express in the fourth quarter due to lower yields and continued softness in international package volumes, resulting from weakening global economic conditions, particularly in Asia and Europe. Despite these headwinds, we are focused on executing actions to improve our performance. That focus includes the growth initiatives Brie discussed earlier and structural cost reductions we have been implementing. Next month, we will know which U.S. employees will be leaving the Company via the voluntary buyout program. They will begin exiting starting at the end of May. Costs of our business realignment activities including the voluntary buyout program are expected to total $450 million to $575 million and will be recognized primarily in the fourth quarter fiscal year ‘19 with the remainder in fiscal year ‘20. The business realignment program is expected to drive savings of $225 million to $275 million in FY20. Similar programs are likely for employees in international regions. If we see evidence of the further decline in international landscape or significant downturn in the U.S., neither of which we currently anticipate, we can take additional cost actions including network capacity adjustments, labor hour reductions, salary and wage initiative, aircraft delivery modifications, and deferring or extending project timelines. The implementation of multiple long-term initiatives will also drive improved performance. Those initiatives include completing the TNT integration, continuing to reduce our cost to serve the e-commerce market, improving revenue quality and improve leverage of our global scale to drive savings in our sourcing activities. As Raj stated earlier, we remain confident in the long-term strategic value of the TNT acquisition and the synergies to be realized through a single pickup and delivery network, single air and road network, back office efficiencies, and enhanced revenue growth. TNT integration expenses are now expected to exceed $1.5 billion cumulatively through fiscal 2021 and we may incur additional costs related to investments that will further transform and optimize the business. Timing and amount of integration expenses and other investments in any future periods may change as our plans are revised and implemented. Forecast for fiscal 2019 integration expenses is down slightly, $435 million. Ground is well underway on a number of strategic initiatives and optimizing the Ground network through technology enhancements that enable real-time decision making based on applied data analytics. Each of these initiatives digs into opportunities, drive increased efficiency, while having a growing number of e-commerce packages, both large and small. For example, advanced loading, sorting, scanning and network operating technologies will provide near real time data to improve planning and maximize productivity. This will enable us to optimize strategic decision-making in multiple areas including our use of rail and improving residential density and the Last Mile. With the growth of both small and large packages due to e-commerce, teams are also planning how we best optimize the use of our already highly automated assets by adding or extending source and increasing our capabilities for handling large packages. And tapping into real time data, for example, about package characteristics is integral to enabling this level of optimization for our operations and those of our service providers. Teams at Ground have made great progress and we expect several new technology tools will be implemented prior to peak with benefits realized in FY20 and beyond. Considering the Q3 tax benefit from the recognition of certain tax loss carry-forwards, we now expect our FY19 effective tax rate will be 22% to 23% before year-end mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustments. We continue to expect our FY19 capital spending will be $5.6 billion. We are reviewing capital spending for FY20 and beyond and we'll have further guidance for FY20 with our fiscal year end release. I want to iterate that we have large strategic projects underway, including the modernization of our aircraft fleet and our largest Express hubs in Memphis and Indianapolis. We're also investing in Ground to more efficiently process large packages to reduce our cost to serve residences. These investments are expected to deliver significant, long-term value-creation as we plan for the next several decades. We are committed to return a significant amount of capital to shareholders over the long-term. To provide some context, since the beginning of fiscal year 2014, we have returned nearly $14 billion to shareowners through repurchases and dividends, including an 18% reduction in our outstanding shares and more than quadrupling of our quarterly dividend. During the third quarter, we repurchased 555,000 shares at an average price of $168.43. We maintain a balanced, disciplined approach to capital allocation. Dividends and share repurchases have been and will continue to be a significant part of that. At the same time, we are making significant investments in the business to continue to position FedEx for superior performance in the decades to come. We’ve balanced these priorities and decisions to invest or return capital, based on what we expect to achieve highest returns and drive the highest long-term shareholder value. It is also important that we maintain a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity to ensure our continued ability to operate and finance the business efficiently and deliver excellent return to share owners. As I end my comments, I will reiterate, management is focused on improving our performance, positioning FedEx for long-term success. Investments in our networks are multi-year propositions. The success of these investments cannot always be measured quarter-to-quarter. We are confident these investments will drive long-term earnings growth and improve margins, cash flows and returns. Now, I will open it for question and answers. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: Thanks, operator. Hi, everybody. Fred, when you started your remarks, you talked about 17% compounded annual growth in the adjusted earnings base of the Company. I also think it's -- I guess, it's important to note that free cash flow per share has gone from significant positive territory to negative territory over those years as well. So, while I fully understand and we all fully understand the importance of having long-term investment horizon, the margins of the Company are basically stagnant at best and in many periods down on a year-over-year basis. So, if you can just give us some of your thoughts on how you think about the moving pieces between balancing capital investments and returns given the performance in recent years? I appreciate it. Thank you.
Fred Smith: Well, I don't know much what I could add to the comments that you just heard from Alan and Raj. Basically, the perspective of Wall Street is always give me the money; perspective from inside FedEx is what's the best thing we can do for the long term. Now, there have been some exogenous factors that have happened. First, let me remind you that in June, June 27th of 2016, FedEx was in the middle of the largest state sponsored cyber attack in history, so-called NotPetya account that brought the British health care system almost to a halt, cost hundreds of millions of dollars for Maersk, the big sea container line. I think, I'm right, it cost $1 billion dollars to Merck, great medical company. So, had TNT been a standalone company at that time, it would have been bankrupt. We did [indiscernible] Rob Carter and his people in recovering from that. So, I would say that the slowdown in the TNT situation on the Express side because of NotPetya was substantial as we reported at the time. Second issue, but as Raj told you, we are very optimistic about our intercontinental network and the ability to improve margins in the Express business, because of the integration. On the Ground side, the issue is very straightforward and that is the market changed from more business-to-business to business-to-consumer. So, we could basically have decided not to address that. But as Brie mentioned and Raj both, we decided that we wanted to play in that space and that we were not only playing in it, we were going to be the market leader, and we’ve gained market share in that sector for 18 consecutive years. So, I think we've got a pretty good track record of that. So, we started this fiscal year, very optimistic about our ability to expand margins and to hit on all cylinders. But as I tried to lay out in my remarks, we anticipated a $6 billion revenue increase. We're going to end up with about $4.5 billion. And this is a leverage business and to the extent that the last few percentage of revenue points go to the bottom line at a very disproportionate rate. So, that hopefully answers your question, I mean, we're not unmindful to the issues that you're talking about, but we do think we've got a good runway in the future because we've made those investments.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: I wouldn't mind picking up right through where you left off. When you think about the trends and sort of the revenue shortfall as the years gone on, how do you think about sort of adjusting to that? A lot of what we're talking about are some very interesting and started with probably important long term investments, but when you think about capacity in the short run, it sounds like you're not expecting trends to get worse, but at the same time it feels like maybe things are decelerating internationally. Can you talk a little bit about maybe what you're going to do in that quarter or two you try to stem some of that profit loss from the revenue shortfall that you're seeing?
Fred Smith: Well, you know, part of the problem about reporting quarterly earnings is, you're looking in the rearview mirror. The facts of the matter are that we actually are seeing a few green sprouts now as we go into the spring. Part of that may well be the significant weather issues that Raj and Alan both commented upon. And quite frankly, we're under reported I think because of the government shutdown and the trade issues. This was a very, very tough operational winter and in some cases unprecedented, but again somewhat underreported. So, we are seeing some pickup across the Pacific. Our package business in Europe is now growing again. And so, we're feeling a little better about things. And obviously, the range of the fourth quarter and the fiscal year that Alan gave you is related to our caution, I'm not putting too much of that in the bank. Alan may want to talk more about that.
Alan Graf: Chris, we don't have a capacity issue actually. I tried to describe we had some mix and yield issues at Express and [indiscernible] Express is the issue. It's not Ground or Freight. Express returns are what we have to work on the hardest I think we've described for you how we're doing that. But we run pretty tight capacity right now, it's just a different mix than we had expected. So if you look at Express’ yields in the quarter, they were down year-over-year. And so, the mix had a big impact and one of that is the fact that we are striving to hit the e-commerce demands at the same time as we're reducing our cost structures and we're getting there. We just aren't getting there as fast as we would like to. In terms of Ground, what's going on at Ground is nothing short of transformational. Ground is going to be in a position to significantly drive down its costs of serving the residential market and significantly increase its capacity with not much incremental capital expenditure particularly in terms of hubs. It will be investing in terms to be able to handle large packages. We love large packages, keep writing those large packages. We're the best in the business in handling those and we're going to streamline those operations even more. So, I'm not at all worried about Ground's particular margin situation here in Q3 and Q4 because I know where we're headed. So at the end the day, we're running pretty tight on capacity. We're expanding our capacity capabilities at Ground and Freight, and we're very carefully monitoring what we have available out there for FedEx Express.
Fred Smith: Let me just add one other comment here. I'll say perhaps, modestly, there's no organization in the world that knows more about aviation than FedEx, commercial aviation, not one. There's certainly some that are probably peers with us, but we have the finest aviation professionals that operate commercial airplanes. We have a lot of MD-10 airplanes that are 40 years of age. Now, we overhaul them and redid the cockpits and the one thing and another. 11 of those airplanes will be retired in next fiscal year. All of them, the MD-1010s will be gone in FY '21. So, we're not going to slow down on that. It's imprudent to do so and I think there was one suggestion from somebody that we ought to consider that. But that is not a correct decision and our view based on our understanding of the equipment and capabilities. And as Alan has told you on several occasions, these things have great accretive capabilities. They lower our costs and improve our reliability. So, hopefully, we'll get some good news on some of this international traffic and it will go to the bottom line in the same rapid fashion that the top line diminution took it away. So hopefully that's helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: So Alan, last quarter, you've talked about margin and earnings growth in fiscal '20. Do you still feel comfortable with that comment? And then, you also have hinted last quarter as international headcount reduction or profit plan. How come we don't have one yet? And then, is it sort of too late to get one that will get a full-year impact or much of an impact in the fiscal '20?
Alan Graf: You could tell me, are we going to get a trade deal done with China and is Brexit going to come out good. I could give you a lot better answer about FY '20 than I can sit in here for a moment. But we sort of have to plan for both ways and obviously the leverage right now that we have is in our international revenues, on a very large fixed cost basis. So in terms of a plan, we have a plan. No question, we have a plan, we're executing. I think you heard Raj and Rob talk about, what's happening with TNT integration. But we're now finally getting service improvements at lower costs. We're speeding up and network by a day on 40% of the traffic. Customers are coming back. So, it's just a matter of time we have another year of integration to go. But we definitely need a little bit better economic environment in Europe to get the full benefits of TNT. We will get the full financial benefits of TNT, I have no doubt it's just a matter of when.
Operator: Jack Atkins with Stephens has their next question.
Jack Atkins: Just wanted to go back to the comments around, softening global macro condition and softening trade trends, I know you're specifically calling out Asia and Europe. But when you look through your U.S. Express results, I think it's fair to say, you saw volume declines and through your form U.S. Express package sub-segments. You also saw yield celebration in your U.S. Express business. So if you could just sort of comment on what you're seeing in the U.S.? I know you're talking about a fairly strong U.S. backdrop, but it seems like we're seeing deceleration there. We'd just be curious what's driving that?
Raj Subramaniam: Hi Jack, this is Raj. I think on the U.S. side, our overall volume continues to increase roughly 6%. And I think if you look at what's driving the growth, it is e-commerce. What we are surprised by is the fact that the way for packages and lower than what we anticipate is going to be and that is, that's impacted our yields. So we are doing, first of all, so we're in a position to gain share on e-commerce. We will adjust our cost structure to make sure that we have the right cost to serve. We are very focused on driving overnight volume growth and we are focused on revenue management as well. So there's a lot of activity going on in the U.S. today and I'm quite optimistic that we are going to get this right. And Brie, if we don't add anything to us.
Brie Carere: No, fundamentally, Raj is right. The volume is very strong. It is a lighter weight package from e-commerce perspective, which is why we have made the changes in our e-commerce portfolio that FedEx Extra Hours is a great, FedEx Express service that leverages the existing infrastructure. And again, that lower yield is two things, the lower weight and its shorter zones. As we mentioned, we anticipate that the large retailers are going to continue to fulfill locally that's going to put pressure on that top-line yields. But we have the right infrastructure to do so profitably, which is where FedEx Extra Hours and similar products come into play. Those are two issues.
Operator: Allison Landry with Credit Suisse has our next question. And we aren't able to hear you, please check your mute function.
Samantha Yellen: This is Samantha Yellen on for Allison Landry. Thanks for taking my question. Can you give us some color on TNT mix? Specifically, have you been able to regain share in the European parcel market following the restoration of TNT service levels in early January?
Raj Subramaniam: The short answer that question is, yes. We are seeing actual -- we're higher year-over-year growth every month from the last 3 months we're seeing accelerating year-over-year increased in revenue and volumes in the European possible business. And as we have stabilized and improving our service levels. So it's not a surprise, you despite the economic headwinds in Europe. We now have a terrific value proposition. As I said in the opening remarks, we're releasing new value to our customers. We've improved our service and the customers are responding. So, we are seeing increased revenue, increased volumes in our core partial business
Operator: Our next question will come from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Fred I, always come back to your response to I think the first question which is, you know, Wall Street always wants to see the money? Well, I tend to agree that we can be short term focus and you guys have definitely proved over the longer going to be very growth focus. I guess if we look back 2006, I think your margins peaked out near 10% we thought to get in 2016. And it's always associated with a lot of CapEx, a lot of assets and then we go through sort of curious where you have to take involuntary separations or voluntary but incentive comp and things like that. Maybe just given the size of FedEx today have is that a new phase where we don't need to bring on as many assets, spend as much capital, maybe focus more on returns and margins because I think that's what investors would like to see, some more consistency and returns and margins over the long-term.
Fred Smith: Well, so would we. I don’t know what to say? They the programs we have again are not driven because we are profitable in terms of spending capital. It's the nature of the business. We buy an airplane fleet of 700 planes. We've built the business quite frankly. We've used the airplanes and our largest competitor, when they came into the Air Express business was eight times bigger than we were. We're now roughly at parity with them. So we are in the midst of spending a significant amount of capital to replace our very old airplanes and to expand the Memphis in the Indianapolis hubs. But again, I think as the year turned out the way we had hoped it would at the start of the year and remember it was still in October or November when the Fed was being chastised by the President and others because they were going to raise rates all through calendar year 2019. So you see the Cairns perspective right now so there's no just an act between what Wall Street wants and what FedEx want, it's the matter of whether we would be prudent and stopping doing what we were doing if we think that they will improve our margins and I think I even answer previously to the questions you'd have a big setback with not patch you I think we would be even better results in terms of margins of Express at the moment. And secondarily, the Ground market is moved much move to residential delivery and we've moved with it. That's why we went to six day a week operations beginning January the 1st because that's what our ecommerce folks wanted. So, we believe very strongly that we will improve our margins and our returns, as Alan said a few moments ago, and we will get the benefits of the team.
Raj Subramaniam: Just want to add that. A lot of the CapEx that we're spending over the next few years is not to crease capacity at Express and it's to replace the 40 year old MD-10 and to drive better throughput, efficiency, productivity and lower costs at our two main hubs in Memphis and Indianapolis, those are big projects. Those have to be done for the long term of this company. And we do manage this business for the long term. Where I sit what I can see future cash flows is pretty impressive. I'm not going sit here and make projections, but I'm just telling you that we don't have to expand capacity at Express for quite a period of time. We need to a Ground, but we're doing that in a unique way. We are sweating the assets, we're going to run the network more days and we're going to be a lot busier out there. As we lower our costs to serve the residential delivery areas. We had a bad quarter. No doubt about it. I'm disappointed in it. But I'm not letting one bad quarter decide how we're going to manage this business for the next five years. I think that would be imprudent and not in the best interest of our shareholders, quite the contrary we got to redouble our efforts to get those costs down and those areas where we're seeing shorter zones and lighter weight. So that we can be as profitable as we need to be. And that's what we're working on. Now the way, let me just add in the December meeting, our voluntary buyout we listed 3 reasons for those. First is the multi-year transformation that we've been underway at FedEx called project renewal where we have taken down hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of legacy mainframe systems and move these applications into the cloud. So, we are removing the last mainframe installations in the next year or so. And there are people whose skill sets, don't fit or they're in the wrong location. So we're offering them a great opportunity, but we didn't want to stop renewal, because that's where technology is taking this. Second is Alan mentioned in his remarks? One of the things that we have, which is extremely important are very, very sophisticated analytics on the pick-up and particularly on the delivery side. So what you basically do is you substitute information for math, and we're not the only ones doing this. UPS talks about it. But this is going to be a profound transformation in the next few years. So the use of AI and then robotics is also making folks that have been in staff positions. We don't require the same level of manning. And then finally, as has been mentioned, on a couple of occasions here, there will be people leaving on a volunteer basis from the legacy TNT system as the integration complete. These weren't layoffs and they certainly weren't because we were propagated or not watching our waistline, they were from those 3 reasons. And we think culture and service orientation is the most important thing in FedEx. So we're not going to pre-people roughly and lay off about a bunch of folks. We're doing it in a way that that's consistent with our values and with the type of service in FedEx is known for. So I think it's important to reiterate what I said in December about those voluntary buyouts, because that was completely missed by a lot of people. In fact, right after their earnings calls some of the major media was talking about layoffs and FedEx and layoffs at all their voluntary buyouts driven by those 3 issues.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Ben Hartford with Baird.
Ben Hartford: Just want to clarify some of the integration related expenses obviously you've raised at target a little bit, you push the timeline out to 2021. Just wanted to clarify, is the integration now going to take a little bit longer than expected and cost a little bit more? How should we interpret that data particularly the greater than $1.5 billion target? And how do we reconcile that in the context of the fact that the integration related expenses here in fiscal ‘19 are coming in a little bit less than expected?
Alan Graf: Ben, I would say that, what we have found is that, what we've been talking you mostly about where the operational integration costs of putting these networks together. Again, as Raj talked to I mean, we're starting to get there and we're going to pick up a lot of momentum in FY 20. What we're seeing, however, is that as we -- as Raj and team continues to bring those antiquated systems up to current standards and beyond that we probably have some back office and other areas where we can do further investment. And so, we'll keep you updated on that. But far as operationally, we tend to be -- we think we're going to be there by the end of FY ‘20, and that's the biggest part. So, don't be scared about a lot of additional integration money. There won't be a lot additional [technical difficulty].
Operator: Our next question will come from David Ross with Stifel.
David Ross: Fred, you did mention something looking past 3Q about green sprouts that you guys are seeing in March. Can you elaborate a little bit on what you're seeing today in the past two to three weeks, both domestically and internationally?
Fred Smith: Well, let me, let the Chief Operating Officer talk about that because he's closer to it than I am, and I'm responding to you earlier I made those comments based on what he's telling me.
Raj Subramaniam: Hey, David, I think just to put it put it in perspective here. The inventory to sales ratio in the U.S. ran up in Q4 of calendar year ‘18. And so, we knew that the slowdown coming in Q1, it was just -- it was the pre-Chinese New Year. The peak was very muted, and the post-Chinese New Year was very, very soft. Having said that, in the last few days, we are starting to see some pickup in the business, and I think that's looking good. I’m going to sit here and project that's going to have -- what's going to happen for the rest of the quarter four, I cannot do that at this point. There’s still uncertainty in the market. But, if the trend continues then of course it'll be good news.
Fred Smith: Let me add. I think there's been well reported in the trades. But prior to January the 1st, there was a significant amount of traffic that was put on the water beginning in late summer and in the fall, based on the deadline of January the 1st for the imposition of new tariffs. Now, the President decided to delay those, but there was a lot of inventory that was moved into the U.S. And you sort of saw the opposite side of that from China into Europe where they didn't have the tariffs. So, it was quite a different profile. So some of the follow activity during the first quarter, I think was a reflection of that inventory to sales ratio that Raj just mentioned to you. So hopefully now with the anticipation of a trade deal or at least a more can lead your conversation going on about it and in terms of tariffs, maybe we'll go back into a more normal cycle.
Operator: Next, we’ll take a question from Brian Ossenbeck with JP Morgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: Just want to go back to Ground for a minute. You can talk about just the headwinds in the quarter. I know you mentioned the high labor costs, inflation, the 60 network filling up, but you most never see sequential decline in margins for that business, at least not to this degree. So maybe you can you give us some context as to, how much longer you expect those to persists especially the type of volume that you're filling up in the Ground network? And then lastly on the transformation, I guess, what gives you the confidence to be able to get the cost of serve down to the right level? And does that actually include increasing stock density in a meaningful way?
Fred Smith: Well, if I answer the second question, I am sure the Board of Directors and Fed would bring me out of here for giving it away competitively sensitive data and information. So, I'm just going to tell you that it's going to be transformational. I'm highly confident about where we're headed. I've got a very good feeling about what our costs are going to be and how much volume we're going to be able to run to the ground network. As to the current trends, we did have a 3% yield increase in Ground. Frankly, we thought, we were going to a higher. Same thing as Brie and Raj have been talking to you about, mix change orders a little faster than we thought. Cost structure will get there and we're not -- I'm not worried about Grounds margins in the longer term. Although, I did tell you that I don't think they're going to pop back up in Q4 like we sometimes see because we have a lot of investment going on for these transformational things that we have underway. So, all I can say they're standby, but I'm confident about our Grounds long-term potential maintain those margins that you used to.
Operator: And David Vernon from Bernstein has our next question.
David Vernon: Alan, maybe just kind of following up on that question. Is there any way you can help us understand of the, sort of hub, the 170 basis points a margin compression here is business condition shortfall versus investment in the business versus cost inflation. I mean this seems like a pretty market turned down the margins near-term and I know you may have got, you guys have been expecting this from an investment standpoint, but it does seem like a little bit of a surprise from the outside looking in. And if you could help us understand, how long this investment periods is going to last? What is the impact of inflation and when that should lap off? And when -- or maybe when that should end? That will be helpful.
Alan Graf: Yes. Same thing, I mean. We're working on FY20 business plan right now. Our largest customers have grown really fast at Ground, and of course they have the -- they enjoyed the best pricing. We are attacking as Brie and Raj told you the small and medium enterprises. We don't have our fair share yet at Grand in that area. We will. And then as I said, we're working really hard on our cost structure for residential and short-haul deliveries. And there'll be more to come on that.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session at this time. And I'll turn the call back over to Mickey Foster for closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation FedEx Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team, if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-12-18 17:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Vice President of Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman and CEO Dave Bronczek - President and COO Alan Graf - Executive VP and CFO Mark Allen - Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive VP, FedEx Information Services and CIO Raj Subramaniam - Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any questions for the conference call, please e-mail them to ir@fedex.com. Only questions submitted by e-mail will be discussed on the call today. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. The second quarter Form 10-Q, earnings release and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our Web site where the replay will be available for about one year. Questions are welcome through our e-mail address, which is ir@fedex.com. When you send your question, please include your full name and contact information. Many of the questions we received in advance have been addressed in the remarks today or in the 10-Q. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Dave Bronczek, President and Chief Operating Officer; Alan Graf, Executive VP and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive VP FedEx Information Services and CIO; and Raj Subramaniam, Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer FedEx Corporation. And now Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Season's greetings to all. Welcome to our call. FedEx is in the midst of another record-setting holiday season, long-term investments in capacity and advanced automation are paying off in speed advantage and outstanding service during peak and year-round. We salute our 450,000-plus team members around the world for outstanding service and we greatly appreciate their dedication to our Purple Promise, which simply states, "I will make every FedEx experience outstanding." At FedEx Ground, I think it's particularly notable, 96% of packages moved through an automated facility, translating to increased efficiency and speed. During this holiday season, service is at record levels. Just yesterday, 67% of FedEx Ground packages were delivered 1 full day earlier than scheduled despite it being one of the busiest days in the history of our company. What's more? Yesterday was the busiest shipping day ever at FedEx Office. This fall, we opened 2 major ground hubs with Allentown, Pennsylvania being the largest in the FedEx Ground network. Both Express and Ground hub operations in North Carolina have been recently expanded as well. FedEx second quarter adjusted earnings per share were up 27% year-over-year and we anticipate full year fiscal 2019 and adjusted earnings per share will increase year-over-year despite difficult global economic conditions. As our volumes and revenues demonstrate, FedEx is experiencing strong growth in the U.S. where the economy remains solid. However, our international business, especially in Europe, weakened significantly since we last talked with you during our earnings call in September. In addition, China's economy has weakened due in part to trade disputes. As a result, we have lowered our fiscal 2019 earnings guidance and are accelerating actions to reduce costs given the uncertainty of global macroeconomic trends. We are highly confident that we will achieve the benefits expected with the acquisition of TNT Express, although we will not achieve our FedEx profit improvement goal in fiscal 2019. Voluntary employee buyout announced in our earnings release today is consistent with FedEx' People-Service-Profit philosophy and addresses 3 strategic issues. One, we are nearing the end of our IT modernization program, project renewal, which began in 2010 to transition FedEx Information Systems into the cloud, legacy mainframe applications are now being rapidly retired. This is one of the largest such transitions in the history of business. Once concluded, renewal will have vastly reduced the number of FedEx IT Systems, while dramatically improving security, speed to value, reliability, flexibility, productivity and provide new automation opportunities for our customers and many FedEx operations. The VBO will provide our team members with important career options as legacy systems and technologies are retired. Massive integration of TNT into FedEx will be approaching its end-stages, so a second rationale for the VBO is that we will not need the same number of staff positions at the end of this multi-year integration journey. And third, we believe new productivity enhancing tools from accounting bots, legal system analytics to predictive AI, et cetera, will allow us to operate our company with fewer staff positions going forward. Of course, we expect overall FedEx employment to increase over the next several years, again, assuming moderate economic growth. Nevertheless, the VBO will help improve our tooth-to-tail cost. U.S. VBO is targeted to achieve an annual savings of $225 million to $275 million per year, providing an approximately 18 to 24 month payback. Alan will further discuss our cost management strategy following comments from Raj and Dave. Let me add, however, that we do not manage FedEx solely for quarterly results. In fact, as we speak, we are also currently planning for the next quarter century of FedEx Services operations. Let me thank David Cunningham for his valuable contributions and wish him well in retirement after more than 36 years of service, most recently as President and CEO of FedEx Express. Raj Subramaniam, a 27-year veteran of FedEx will succeed David. He brings remarkable expertise and vision to this position, which are critical as we manage the Express business as a part of the global portfolio. Let me add, to those of you who don't know, Raj served as one of our regional presidents during his long career. Brie Carere, who has more than 17 years with our company will succeed Raj as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Communications Officer of FedEx Corporation. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Fred, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me begin by giving you our thoughts on where we stand on the economic outlook. In the U.S., growth remains solid, driven by robust consumer spending in favorable conditions in the industrial sector. Internationally, economic strength seen earlier this year has given way to a slowdown. The peak for global economic growth now appears to be behind us. Eurozone growth has slowed from 2.5% last year to under 2% in the second half of 2018, and economic growth in the U.K. has slowed sharply since July. The secular slowdown in Chinese economy has been exacerbated by trade tensions. Spillover effects from these tensions and the fading tech cycle have negatively impacted growth throughout Asia. Emerging Asia growth slowed from 6% in 2017 to 5.6% in Q3. World trade slowed in Q3 to just 3.5% compared to 5.3% in Q3 2017. Leading indicators point to positive, but even slower trade growth near term. Now turning to FedEx performance. We grow composite revenue, volume and yields at each transportation segment we have been working to holistically manage base yields and surcharges, including fuel. The domestic pricing environment is competitive, but rational. We recently announced our 2019 GRI of 4.9% for FedEx Ground and Express shipments and 5.9% for FedEx Freight. As per our announcement yesterday, we are expanding e-commerce delivery options for retailers with FedEx Extra Hours, the service that enables participating retailers to fulfill e-commerce orders into the evening and receive late pickups by FedEx Express with next-day local delivery and 2-day shipping to any address in the continental United States. Retailers can extend evening order cutoff time by 5 to 8 hours, with some as late as midnight depending on their current order fulfillment process. FedEx Extra Hours recently launched with select customers, including AutoZone and Best Buy in multiple markets across The United States. As e-commerce continues to drive business, we continue to invest in our extensive retail network. In October alone, FedEx Onsite expanded to more than 1,200 Walgreens owned Rite Aid locations bringing the total FedEx hold locations to more than 12,000. And extending this saving grace, once again, for anyone who needs it, pickup will be available on Christmas Day at the vast majority of more than 8,900 Walgreens locations. Further, we are encouraging our customers who have not already done so to register for FedEx Delivery Manager. This will not only alert them of upcoming deliveries, but also allow them to redirect packages to thousands of secure and convenient hold locations during the holiday season. Enrollments have grown over 72% fiscal year to date, a clear indication that customers are enjoying the visibility and control of their shipments. Thanks to our outstanding team members and unparalleled network, we are experiencing yet another record peak season for FedEx. Once again, we have not applied a residential peak surcharge. FedEx delivers for millions of small- and medium-sized businesses every day and we want to support these customers as e-commerce continues to grow and become a major part of their business. And that's just one of the many reasons we are doing very well in the small and medium customer segment. We are extremely proud of the excellent service levels that we achieved this peak season, especially given the increase in volumes. The last 3 Mondays were some of the busiest days in the history of FedEx, including Cyber Monday where our volume crossed 32 million packages, more than double our average daily volume. We were able to deliver all of that volume with record service levels. With that, I would like to take this opportunity to thank more than 450,000 team members around the world who are going above and beyond to deliver this home stretch of the holiday season. Let me now turn the call over to Dave for his remarks. Dave?
Dave Bronczek: Okay. Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon to everyone. We are very pleased with our peak service performance as Fred and Raj have already mentioned. I'd like to thank all of our team members all around the world, especially here in the middle of our peak season. My comments are focused on FedEx Express today, where trends worsened in the second quarter, primarily due to international revenue challenges, driven, of course, by international economic weakness. While international revenue was still growing, it is not growing at the rate we expected because of the overall global economic uncertainty that Raj just mentioned. Some of the largest economies in Europe are experiencing weakness. That is impacting our international business. Germany, for example, saw their GDP contract quarter-over-quarter in the third calendar quarter. Italy remains a drag on overall Eurozone growth. The unrest in France, and I was just there two weeks ago, continues to escalate and spread with yellow vest protest now inspiring similar actions in Belgium, The Netherlands, Germany, and of course, throughout all of France. Also, the uncertainty of the United Kingdom with their Brexit issue. Following TNT's recovery from the cyber attack, we have seen an accelerated shift of our product mix to more freight than parcel, putting pressure on our system, and of course, our costs. Continued tariff and trade concerns and uncertainty in Asia are impacting our business there as well. We continue to work with our customers as they reevaluate their supply chains. As you just heard from Raj, the U.S. economy remains solid, and we are seeing strong growth in Express deferred package volume. Our TNT integration activities continue and are in full swing throughout Europe, throughout Asia and Latin America. Following the cyber attack, we accelerated the integration of our sales force by 1 full year and to date, approximately 70% of our global sales force has been integrated with the remainder to be completed at the end of this fiscal year. This will provide us a single point of contact for our customers, something they very much are looking forward to. Further, we accelerated investments in our IT systems and infrastructure to strengthen and enhance and protect the systems we use to run our daily business. Our focus continues to be on keeping our customers at the very center of all of our efforts, while at the same time we are integrating our 2 global network businesses. The stations and countries that we have been integrating to date are primarily in smaller markets and represent approximately 30% of our combined volumes. The completion of the integration in these markets is indeed important, but synergy benefits have been limited given the relative size of the volumes we've integrated. The remaining integration work is focused on our much larger, more complex, direct serve markets. Said differently, the countries that deliver most of the benefits are weighted to the later stages of the integration due to the complexities of their business. Our businesses are heavily dependent on IT solutions for the integration. For example, these require harmonizations of our services and then corresponding redesign of our multiple customer platforms, including, of course, fedex.com and our customer automation tools. Our original integration planning contemplated the long lead time required to build these IT solutions and accordingly, the benefits of these efforts would occur towards the end of the integration. While changes in our revenue mix and softness in volume have impacted the timing of the realization of the financial benefits, we remain confident in the long-term value of the combination and synergies to be realized through a single pickup and delivery network, single air and road network, back-office efficiencies, and of course, mainly our revenue growth. And now, I'll turn it over to Alan Graf to give more details.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave just outlined, since our last earnings release, Express experienced significant weakness in business conditions and a change in service mix, especially in Europe. For the second quarter, International Priority volumes were up 1%, while International Economy volumes increased 9%. International Priority freight pounds were flat and International Economy freight pounds surged 16%. In the U.S., overnight package volumes were up 3%, while deferred package volumes increased 15%. These volume trends accelerated during the quarter and Express operating profit was significantly below our business plan in the first half of fiscal year '19. To address the shifts in our business conditions, we are implementing and accelerating several cost-reduction initiatives, both in the U.S. and internationally. These initiatives include a voluntary employee buyout program, capacity reductions primarily in international airline network, limited hiring and staff functions and reductions in discretionary spending. In addition to these cost reductions, we will continue to improve our productivity through various programs, including expanding use of our technology and capitalizing on efficiencies available through the scale of our network as we integrate operations in Europe and gain market share at FedEx Ground. We had positive results from both Ground and Freight. The Ground segment operating income surged 18% to $586 million on an 8% volume increase and a 6% yield increase. Despite the upfront costs associated with opening two major hubs and inflationary cost pressures, Ground's operating margin increased 40 basis points to 11.4%. Ground's profitability will increase as investment in our market-leading automation, coupled with large productivity initiatives, come online. We will provide more detail on our Ground strategic projects in the coming months. Freight segment grew operating income 37% with shipments increasing 8% and yields up 6%. Operating margin was 7.7%, up 120 basis points. Cost-reduction initiatives, combined with continued profit improvements at Ground and Freight are expected to increase the long-term growth in corporate earnings and margins, improve cash flows and increase our competitiveness. Regarding our FY '19 outlook, we are projecting adjusted earnings of $15.50 to $16.60 per diluted share, down from $17.20 to $17.80. This lower guidance is due to a shift in business conditions and service mix at Express, primarily in Europe. We're no longer providing guidance for revenue growth and operating margin for FY '19. Voluntary buyout will be offered to eligible U.S. employees. Cost of this program are expected to total $450 million to $575 million and will be recognized primarily in fiscal year '19 with the remainder in fiscal year '20. This voluntary buyout will have estimated savings of $225 million to $275 million in FY '20. We are also reviewing similar international opportunities. We are forecasting effective tax rate of 24% to 25% for FY '19 before year-end mark-to-market retirement plans, accounting adjustments. Our capital forecast remains $5.6 billion and we are reevaluating our capital spending going forward. We repurchased nearly $1.3 billion of our shares during the first half of this fiscal year, which has reduced our year-over-year share count. As I mentioned, we are reviewing all aspects of our financial plans, including whether we will repurchase additional shares this year. As a reminder, we spent $11.6 billion, purchasing almost 76 million shares over the last 5.5 years, resulting in the nearly 18% reduction in outstanding shares. During the remainder of 2019, we will continue to execute our TNT Express integration plans and will be focused on integrating the largest and most complex countries, which include the largest workforces and facilities. We continue to expect the aggregate integration program expense, including restructuring charges at TNT Express through 2020 to be approximately $1.5 billion and expect to incur approximately $450 million of these costs during 2019. However, based on the timing of the completion of integration activities, including any international voluntary employee buyout program, we may incur additional integration cost after 2020. The timing and amount of integration expenses and capital investments in any future period may change as we continue to execute the integration of TNT. We expect to realize the benefits of the TNT acquisition that were anticipated when the company was acquired, although at a more moderate pace caused by reductions in base business levels due to increasing economic weakness during the second quarter and a change in service mix following the NotPetya cyber attack. As a result, we now expect the operating profit improvement goal of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion for Express over fiscal year '17 will not be realized in FY '20. Before we begin to address your questions, I recognize there is great interest on when we expect to achieve the $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion Express profit improvement and how much of it we will achieve in FY '20. At this stage, I'm not in a position to give an updated forecast for the reasons that my colleagues and I have mentioned. We are intensely working on further actions and plans to enable progress towards these goals. My hope is that I can give a directional perspective when we report our Q3 results. Like the rapid changes we have experienced, I'm confident that we will see improved operating earnings, margins and cash flow in FY '20 versus FY '19, assuming moderate U.S. domestic economic growth and no further weakening in international economic conditions.  Now we'll turn the call over to Fred for your questions.
A - Fred Smith: Thank you, Alan. We've got a mix of questions that came in prior to the call and then some that came in after the 10-Q was put up. So I'll go back and forth between the 2 to try to be fair here. So first question, which I'll take. Over the next 5 to 10 years, what are the biggest competitive threats to each division, Express, Ground and Freight? This comes from Donald Broughton of Broughton Capital. Donald, we don't see any large or certainly no existential competitive threats to any of the 3 major divisions at FedEx. We do however see enormous competitive opportunities and we have over many years taken market share and believe we have strategies in place that will allow us to expand the available or addressable market and to continue, given the considerations that Alan just mentioned to grow FedEx and to improve our profitability and margins and cash flows. This question came in from Jack Atkins of Stephens. Ground margins have now expanded in 3 out of the last 4 quarters with the heavy investment phase of Ground behind you. Is it right to think about margin in this segment expanding on a consistent basis moving forward. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thank you, Jack. I think in my opening remarks I talked about how excited we are about where Ground is now and where Ground is heading. We'll have more to say about that in the months ahead, but I would say there are 2 things, in particular, as we build scale at Ground and continue to sweat the assets that we have more efficiently, we're reducing costs at a very nice clip on a per package basis compared that what they otherwise would have been, which is going to make us much more competitive in the Ground network. I would also say, the use of technology has helped us to become much better in terms of improving our densities and with scale and technology, and a continued improvement in density, will help drive Ground's operating margins up. I'm not going to give you a percentage, I just will tell you that, we believe, Ground has opportunity to improve its margins over the next several years.
Fred Smith: Here is a question from Tom Wadewitz of UBS. What is FedEx strategy for improving the quality of packages and revenue in the TNT FedEx Europe network? Does FedEx needs to cut price in order to attract premium packages back into its European network? Does FDX need to wait for the network integration to be complete before they can focus on share gain and volume growth in Europe? So I'm going to ask Dave Bronczek to take the first part of this question, but it just so happens that we have the President of FedEx Europe here this afternoon, Bert Nappier, and Dave will turn it over to him and you can hear it from the horse's mouth so to speak. Dave?
Dave Bronczek: Okay. Thanks, Fred. Thanks, Tom for your question. I was just over in Europe and talking to the management team there. And of course, as I mentioned in my comments, we continue to grow. We continue to grow just not at the rate that we were hoping to grow, and of course, with the slowing economy that has affected our growth, but we're not shy of volume or growth. The reality is, however, that TNT when we bought that company they had a tremendous value proposition in their freight products and their specialty service. That actually is growing very nicely, very strong and for parcel part of the business, that, of course, is weaker for all of Europe. And so for us, that's our focus and I'll turn it over to Bert.
Herbert Nappier: Thanks, Dave. As Dave noted, the improvement of our revenue quality in Europe really is focused on the Express parcel side of the house. We are growing in that part of our business really and our strategy comes down to value proposition, as Dave outlined. We're focused on speeding up our European road network. We've got a very strong air network. We're making investments in key hub applications in Liege and Paris and when you combine that, we're really going back to our customers with a value proposition that we think is very competitive. The economy has been a headwind in growing parcels, but what we have been able to do is grow deferred volume and freight volume very nicely. With the semi-integrated business, we're about halfway through and as we continue to integrate, you'll see the capabilities there that we need to grow in the future. So we can do what we're doing with the integration where it is and we'll only be better as we go forward.
Fred Smith: Okay. This is a question from Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch. Have you seen any impact from Amazon Air, Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Ken, the short answer to that question is no. On the contrary, as you can see from our press release, our numbers do speak for themselves as we are seeing significant volume growth across our U.S. domestic parcel business.
Fred Smith: So I'll just take this for me. From a short and long-term perspective, what is FedEx' strategy to counter competition from Amazon? David Campbell of Thompson Davis. You know, I'm not really sure how to answer this question. I mean, we look at Amazon as a wonderful company in service and they're a good customer of ours. We don't see them as a peer competitor at this point in time for many reasons. We think it is doubtful that, that will be the case. So we have very strong strategies, well understood by the management team, the addressable markets that we deal with are growing. And as we've said over and over again, we've grown market share, particularly in the sectors we want to grow, there have been some sectors that we've chosen not to attack for a number of reasons and that can change from time to time. So I don't know what I can say other than what I just said. I think the prospects of this company is going to be "disrupted," which just occurs over and over again, to quote a previous statement is fantastical. So I'll leave it at that. Raj, could you comment on our new initiative with Walgreens and 1-day prescription delivery? Does this require any investments? What are the financial impacts?
Raj Subramaniam: Okay. Yes, for sure. Earlier this month, as you know, we announced with Walgreens, the nationwide launch of Walgreens Express, which is really a next-day prescription delivery service available at Walgreens locations. Now regarding the question on investment, we are simply leveraging the fact that our current FedEx Onsite retail alliance with Walgreens allows our existing operational flows in and out of those stores, and prescription deliveries will be executed by the same station making the pickup, which our Extra Hour Service now makes possible. So this is one of the -- one more example of how we are committed to increasing convenience, enhancing customer experience and really expanding our service offering for customers. And let me add, we're doing all this in a very, very cost-effective manner.
Fred Smith: I hope I hadn't given Tom Wadewitz two questions here. But if I have, he's a hell of an analyst. So he wants to know about the maintenance expense. How much of the Express maintenance expense in 2Q FY '19 was unusual? Is maintenance expense likely to remain elevated for the next several quarters, Alan?
Alan Graf: Tom, I'll try to help you out here and turn this into a strategic question, because it was an anomaly in the first half. When you're in this business, you have a big fleet like ours, you have timing issues from time to time and we had some timing issues in the first half. Second half, well, the comparisons will be almost flat year-over-year, but that's not the strategic question. The strategic question has to do with our continuing to replace our old aircraft with new and we are continuing to do that. We're checking the pace, but having said that, it's been an integral part of how we're able to continue to hold our cost. The maintenance aspects of new planes versus used planes is absolutely unbelievable, not just from a cost standpoint, but from a reliability standpoint. Our ops division is doing a fantastic job. It's making a big difference in peak to have these new aircraft out here who have dispatch reliability through the roof. So from a strategic standpoint, the maintenance cost is going to go down over time relatively to our revenues on our packages because of the newness factor.
Fred Smith: So there was a question for Raj here about his -- let me just read it, from Jack Atkins of Stephens. Raj, as you step into your new role, what are some of the immediate changes you expect to bring to the seat? And what are your first priorities for express?
Raj Subramaniam: Jack, thank you for the question. Obviously, very excited to be in this role and my first priority is really to focus on Europe, and where we have focused on integration and focused on positive change in Europe. Having said that, we're very thrilled with some of the new value that we are creating for our customers all across the board and look forward to continuing the growth of express in a profitable manner.
Fred Smith: As long as we got you on the phone, Raj, why don't you answer Christian Wetherbee's question from Citi, way up in the Northeast. Is the international express yield deterioration driven by missed changes at TNT or are there other factors affecting yield?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, Chris, the international yields are negatively impacted by exchange rates and product mix and, to some extent, region mix, those are the key factors.
Fred Smith: So here's a question from David Ross of Stifel, which I would normally give to Raj or Dave Bronczek, but I'm going to take it because it's -- the answer is pretty clear. For the Express changes, regarding international network capacity reductions, where are these taking place? Does it involve number of flights or facilities? Will they be permanent or temporary? So the answer to the question, David, is if I told you that we would have to come and kill you because it would be -- this is competitively sensitive. Obviously, we can't tell our competitors what we're going to do, but anything, you've got to recognize our networks are so big and the size of our Asia and our Pacific and our Asia to Europe and Europe to Asia networks are so extensive, we can take capacity up and down. So all kidding aside, Dave wants to jump in here. So don't tell him.
Dave Bronczek: No, I won't. I can tell you that, and I have said this many times in the past, our networks are so big and so flexible, we can go up and down. And obviously, some -- a quick example would be some of the traffic that's not flying on our Purple tails, right now we've consolidated. We would eliminate that cost, we'd put it on our Purple tails. I mean, there's good examples all over the world like that, but it's certainly true that the flexibility of our global fleet and our global network lets us go up and lets us go down.
Fred Smith: So Allison Landry of Crédit Suisse. How much flexibility you have to throttle back to $5.6 billion CapEx budget, Alan?
Alan Graf: We had a lot of questions regarding CapEx and airplanes and everything. So thank you for the question, Allison. And I'll try to just consolidate it into one answer, and that is, obviously, we're looking at everything. I would point out -- and there's a reason I gave you the things I gave you in my overview to call out. I mean, all that information is in the press release and you could have found it later, but we're still carrying an awful lot of things and we're still growing in terms of pounds and packages. So we're off on our yields and a lot of that is macro. So we're still going to grow this company going forward. I don't -- I think we have the ability, as Fred and Dave both mentioned, to flex down if we have some real big meltdown. We don't think we are going to have that happen, but we could certainly do it. As far as our planned acquisitions and our CapEx, we have some big projects underway, Indianapolis and Memphis hubs, and we've got an order book of aircraft, and we're looking at that, but we need those things for the long-term. And as Fred mentioned, we're planning for the next 25 years. And the technology that comes with those expansions and the technology that comes on the airplanes and the reliability are vital to us. So it's a balancing act. It's going to be a little bit tougher this year. We probably will slow some things down to see what happens. But at the end of the day, we still need to move forward with the majority of the programs that we've got in place.
Fred Smith: So this is a question from Lee Klaskow of Bloomberg Intelligence. I'm going to give it to Dave Bronczek because he lived for many years overseas and in Europe and then in Canada. Is it culturally harder to have employees outside of the U.S. to volunteer for these buyout programs? You take it Dave, and maybe Mark wants to add something to it as well.
Dave Bronczek: No, Fred, it's not. And I've been offshore half of my career, quite frankly, and the people over there are the same as people here. They want opportunity, they want diversity, they want a chance to grow with the company. On the other hand, they want our people philosophy. And part of our people philosophy is, if you have a voluntary buyout, they can voluntarily move forward to do it. I think that it's going to be well received. Alan and Fred didn't mention it in their comments, but we are looking at a global part to the voluntary buyout. And of course, part of it was originally planned in the TNT integration. This is beyond that, this is much more than that. This is, of course, Europe and it's all around the world. So I think, that it is part of our culture, our company's culture that our employees actually like very much.
Fred Smith: So there is another question from Tom Wadewitz from UBS about the air network. I think we've answered that, that there is lots of flexibility in it. We don't want to give details about the percentage moved in the Purple tails and the -- that moved in underbelly. Suffice it to say, our Purple tail network is scheduled, so it provides unmatched service. And obviously, with the lower yielding less service-sensitive business, we have the option either to put it on our planes or put it on other carriers until we build up enough density to put another flight on the network. That's the way the system works, but it's not in our best interest to go into further detail about that because of competitive interest. There are a couple more questions on Amazon Air, one from Dan Ronan of Transport Topics. What concerns does FedEx have regarding the recent expansion by Amazon Air at Northern Kentucky, Rockford International and Alliance Airport, Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, Dan, as we've talked about before, we don't have any concerns. And so far as you can see, our volumes in the domestic networks are continuing to increase, and we value Amazon as a good customer of ours. Thank you.
Fred Smith: I think it's also important to recognize, and again, there is a significant misunderstanding, the Amazon Air network is set up to move inventory within the Amazon system, which is prodigious. It's big, it moves not in stock and low-turn SKUs and forward stocked items for their third-party customers, who can't duplicate inventory every place. So it's scheduled differently than FedEx or UPS's system. There is a very good analysis of this that came out from David Vernon of Bernstein. So I'd recommend people that are interested in that to read that. The -- let's see, there was -- I mean, take some of the questions that came in earlier. Scott Group of Wolfe Research. International volumes were up 5% year-over-year and international yields were flat. So it didn't seem to be an issue with volumes, but one of bad pricing and bad mix. Do you think the mix issues are company-specific related to TNT or macro driven? I think Dave wants to say something about this and then Alan can top it off.
Dave Bronczek: I'll go ahead and start. There is no question about the fact that I mentioned -- made in my comments that one of the things that TNT really did very well, and we continue to do well with TNT inside FedEx, is the freight product and their specialty freight product. So after the cyberattack that product came booming back because no one is better than we are in that product. So that product, of course, has a little bit different mix, a little bit different cost structure to it. We're focusing on our parcels as well. As you pointed out, the questioner pointed out, our volumes are growing, they're just not growing as fast as what we would like them to grow. And with the economy being depressed somewhat, we're still dealing with that. But that's the point, we're still focused on parcel and freight and we're still growing.
Alan Graf: And this came on us fast -- this as Alan. This came on us fast -- this mix change, and so we can adjust and we will. And one of the great things about promoting our head pricing guy to a P&L, I see now he cares a whole lot more about yields at express than he did in the past. So I'm sure that he's going to be on breed to make sure that we get the mix back right.
Fred Smith: Yes. We've got some interesting things underway in the pallet or the freight business. We'll tell you more about in calendar 2019. But I think, to some degree, it's our success in attacking the pallet business that is creating the problem. I mean, we've been aggressive in this area and it's growing in some of the more traditional areas where we have a higher market share. It's been affected by the macroeconomic issues that has created this mix issue. But we'll have a lot more to say about it in March and June. I know that's difficult for people that follow the earnings of companies on a quarterly basis to acquiesce. I am sorry, we can't be more precise on that, but been hard for to bear it as the so-called tensed talks between U.S. and China following the conclusion of the G20 Summit earlier this month produced any meaningful improvement in customers' volume growth expectations in 2019, particularly during the first half of the calendar year. If not, does your updated 2019 guidance assume a particularly weak February-March international volume environment during and following the Lunar New Year. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Again, at this point, given what we know, we are assuming that the current softness that we're seeing continues into the New Year, and that's what we -- as you know, our guess. And if that changes, we'll update you in our next quarterly call.
Fred Smith: So Raj, as long as we got you at bat, what magnitude of increase in post office pricing is needed to materially affect private carriers pricing power?
Raj Subramaniam: I don't want to particularly comment on the pricing decisions of other carriers. I will just reiterate the broad point that we have made in previous conference calls that the cost of Last Mile delivery will continue to go up in the years to come.
Fred Smith: Let me just add something to that. It's a particular pique of mine. Many of the observers of this industry continued to misrepresent the total package market by double counting the postal packages, many of which are given to them for direct injection by FedEx SmartPost, UPS SurePost and Amazon Direct injection. So that is the so-called Parcel Select service, which has been in place since 1997. It was originally designed for only items that could be placed in a mailbox, if you go back and research it. And that could be put in one of the right-hand jeep delivery vehicles. Of course, the postal service has expanded that. And as e-commerce has grown, the packages have gotten large, which has created this own set of dynamics inside the Postal Service. So many times, you'll see while FedEx is going to handle this many packages for peak, UPS is going to handle these many packages for peak, and the Postal Service is going to handle these many packages for peak, a lot of the postal packages are actually FedEx SmartPost and FedEx SurePost. Now that's not the case, though -- UPS SurePost, my pardon, excuse me, now that's not the case for priority mail, of course, which is a postal service end-to-end product or first-class package service, which was introduced a year ago, as I recall, it was moved a package product that was previously in the regulated noncompetitive sector over into the competitive sector to give the Postal Service more pricing freedom. Those are like the small kraft packaging, you get prescription drugs and/or small cosmetics or vitamins or something like that. So this is not well reported and it's something for people who follow the industry to be careful about. The Postal Service, put it different way, as we've said many times, has very little in the way of upstream network capabilities. And so when people talk about the industry as FedEx, UPS and the Postal Service, it leaves out that significant issue of the postal services network capabilities. So Dave Bronczek, did FedEx win any LTL business when a competitor declined to accept shipments for a brief period recently, Keith Schoonmaker of Morningstar?
Dave Bronczek: Let me just answer the question by saying that we always look in terms of how we can handle the customer if we have extra capacity. In this case, when one of our competitors was having some difficulty, we did, and we moved it in our network because we knew we could provide outstanding service. So our FedEx freight team did a great job of handling that. In that case, we did take that part of the business. I do want to go back, Fred, if it's okay with you to a question earlier about China that Raj answered. It is true that our customers are talking to us daily about possibilities of weakness, softening in China just potentially for the future. And the good news for us, with our customers, is we have such a broad array of our portfolio between our ocean, between deferred shipping, our express, of course, shipping, so we've been talking to our customers. There is a concern out there that has been raised. We've been able to talk to our customers about any number of different possibilities keeping the business inside FedEx that I wanted to make that extra point, Fred.
Fred Smith: Excellent. Let me go back to question from Donald Broughton of Broughton Capital. And I'll ask Raj to speak to this. With TNT solidifying your position in Europe, are there plans to expand this service offerings in Asia or is the next great opportunity somewhere else, Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Well, Donald Broughton, Dave has talked a lot about Europe. So -- but outside of Europe, TNT has fantastic ground networks in Middle East, in Asia, in Latin America. And when you combine those networks with FedEx's unmatched intercontinental air system, we now have a unique network that allows us to offer new value to our customers in a very, very cost-effective manner. And this allows us to now target multiple large international market segments, and we are very well positioned to expand these service offerings, including Asia as you point out. For instance, the largest air cargo lane in the world is Asia to Europe. With the capabilities that we just talked about, we are now extremely well positioned to win in this market segment that I just talked about.
Fred Smith: Let me add to Raj's comments, I was down in Southeast Asia recently, Raj happened to be with me, and I think he will agree the Southeast Asian road network we have has just unmatched our position in Singapore. We have a wonderful regional hub there that's among the most productive in the FedEx system. We just began a flight from Singapore down to Sydney and they were doing extremely well, our sales and marketing people have done a great job, putting that capacity on. So we have, as I have said earlier, strategic plans where we think we can attack a larger express addressable market and can grow FedEx even in a low-growth environment now. As we've said repeatedly today, obviously, when you have a change that comes on you as fast as this did, it's hard to react to it. But I have a very timely question in that regard from Helane Becker of Cowen. It said over the next 5 years, is it possible that while the rhetoric from politicians continues to be protection focused, companies will ignore it and continue to grow internationally. So let me answer that question from a broader perspective. The most important thing that is different about today than has ever been true in the history of the world is billions of people, and more being added every day are equipped with a personal order entry device, a mobile telephone. And you can now access the goods of the world and see them, compare shop and with the services we provide, you can get the landed cost of the item from FedEx CrossBorder and have it delivered in 1 to 2 business days to virtually any business or any person on the planet. That's never been the case before. And so you have this tremendous bottom-up business ecosphere today that we're right in the middle of, and I think the profundity of that will, in the end, create the demand on an ongoing basis just like it has been for time immemorial for human beings wanting to travel and trade. This type of bottom-up commerce is completely changing the politics, for instance, in Africa and in parts of Latin America, which often had been politically mismanaged, but now people are not as dependent on the patriarchal or the corrupt political class. This is very, very important. And I'll just conclude by saying, most of the issues that we are dealing with today are induced by bad political choices. I mean, making a bad decision about a new tax, creating tremendously difficult situation with Brexit, the immigration crisis in Germany, the mercantilism and state owned enterprise initiatives in China, the tariffs that the United States put in unilaterally. So you just go down the list, and they're all things that have created macroeconomic slowdown. The good news is, with the change in policy, they could turn it around pretty quick too. So fundamentally, we think trade will continue to grow. We have a question here about stocking. No question, lot of stocking took place across the Pacific in advance of the 1st of January. And so, as Alan I think mentioned, I mean, we're rig for silent running here on the submarine. We think that the first quarter will see some ripple effects of that. But China is a manufacturing powerhouse. Just looking today's Wall Street Journal, this fantastic groups of charts that show that. So I think hopefully, the political folks will get it right and trade growth will resume. Sorry for the long-winded answer, but you can't just give a pithy one-liner and realize what our perspective is without talking about it in greater depth. Here is some question from Helane about the market share on the TNT cyberattack. I think we covered that -- did adequately, no? Any more. Okay. All right. So I hope that was adequate for you, Helane. Raj, talk a bit about the large structural shifts you've observed in B2B and B2C shipping patterns over the past 3 to 5 years? And how do you feel the business is prepared to respond to these dynamics going forward, Todd Fowler, KeyBanc?
Raj Subramaniam: Thanks, Todd. The first thing I want to mention here is that roughly 75% of our business is driven by B2B transactions. And our infrastructure and value proposition we put in place over the last 40-plus years, they stand us in very, very good stead as we continue to reliably serve our customers. And having said that, as you all know, the e-commerce market continues to grow roughly 3x to 4x the pace of traditional retail. And for instance, just in this quarter, calendar quarter 2018, e-commerce sales grew 14.5% year-over-year in the U.S., and that drives a lot of innovation for companies like us as we leverage our existing infrastructure to create even more value for our customers. And again, it should be noted that the core offerings that we have, FedEx Home Delivery, FedEx SmartPost and others are integral to our e-commerce, and we are building on that strong foundation to enhance our retail infrastructure, to launch new services like FedEx Extra Hours, FedEx Fulfillment, and so on. And it should be noted that more than 80% of our U.S. population is now within 5 miles of FedEx hold location. We are also making great progress on the digital front with FedEx Delivery Manager, which I mentioned earlier. Also on a global basis, once again, we are leveraging our core or unparalleled network. There is a lot of focus on the last mile, but don't forget the first few thousand miles. When you combine our network with the FedEx CrossBorder solutions, you can quickly see how we are becoming a force in the fast-growing CrossBorder e-commerce space as well.
Fred Smith: Let me take one real quick here. Have you seen any manufacturing move out of China to other Asian countries in light of the tariffs, Kevin Sterling of Seaport? Kevin, when I was out in Asia a few weeks ago, there is a lot of talk about that. And they're on definitely some significant growth in Vietnam and Thailand and Indonesia, but China is working very hard to go upstream on the value chain, which, again, the charts in today's Wall Street Journal show. So I don't think there is going to be any wholesale move to manufacturing out of China, and I don't think it could be done even if people wanted to do it, but markets adjust over time. So we do see it along the lines of that I just mentioned to you. So Matthew Reustle of Goldman Sachs wants to know, can you please differentiate the drivers to your 2019 EPS cut, is it entirely macro to what you attribute to higher growth and lower-yielding products? Alan?
Alan Graf: I think we talked about this quite a bit. Let me just maybe cap it off by saying that the reduction in the range for this year is entirely macro, it's entirely express and it's entirely revenue. It came on as fast we're going to adjust to it, make it back up. During the second quarter, as I mentioned, Freight and Ground performed admirably. Both those entities are continuing to improve their margins. They're taking advantage of technology and scale. You're going to keep hearing more about this. Very excited for those 2 entities about what's ahead for them. So we'll get back on track here, but we want to make sure you understood exactly what happened and the differences between now and where we were at the September call.
Fred Smith: So Dave Bronczek, please discuss the expected benefits from the decision to lease about 900 electric trucks in the long-term? What percentage of the fleet could be electric, why is leasing versus owning them preferred? Todd Fowler, KeyBanc.
Dave Bronczek: Okay. Great, thank you, Todd, for the question. Of course, we're always looking for ways to improve our sustainability and efficiency in all of our vehicles, whether they're on-the-road vehicles or in the hubs. In this case, we've worked with Ryder, and Ryder actually is a risk mitigator for us, quite frankly. More than 3% of our fleet in the United States will be electric. We hope it's more than that. So far, the tests are coming in very favorably. So I think, for all the reasons that you would suspect, the carbon emissions, the fuel savings, the efficiencies, it's proving to be very good so far for us.
Fred Smith: So let me add to that 2 things: one, part of the rationale for this acquisition is that this is required by California regulations; and second, these are Chinese vehicles. Chanje is, I think, the way we pronounce the manufacturer name. They look to be terrific. You need to recognize that China by-law requires all large, heavy public vehicles to become electric in the next few years. So they are the market leader in buses around the world. In the automotive sector, not so much success, but in these heavier vehicles, so we're very excited about getting these Chanje vehicles into the fleet. As Dave said, it was a good way to do it for us, Chanje and Ryder. Let's go to Raj, from Jairam Nathan of Daiwa. As automation levels increase across the industry, operating leverage increases as well, how do you think it affects pricing discipline among industry players over the long term?
Raj Subramaniam: Jairam, I'm not sure how best to answer that question other than to say that our pricing environment continues to be competitive, but rational. And it's hard to predict how it's going to evolve, but I expect it to remain rational in the very -- in the near future.
Fred Smith: So Raj now we've got you on deck, let me squeeze a couple of answers -- additional answers out of you. So please discuss the progress of FedEx Supply Chain within FedEx Trade Networks, Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.
Raj Subramaniam: Thanks, Scott. We are making very good progress in FedEx Supply Chain. We have brought in both very strong FedEx and external leadership to the organization and a renewed focus on growing the business, and that's paying the dividends already, with a number of new customer wins and also a very healthy pipeline for future opportunities. At the same time, we're also standardizing our offerings and driving efficiencies in the business, which will improve our profitability.
Fred Smith: So keep swinging here, Raj. Do you have plans to expand same-day offering beyond your current 30-city footprint? Kevin Sterling of Seaport.
Raj Subramaniam: Actually, Kevin, the same-day city is currently offered in 33 U.S. markets, covering 1,800 cities and it is used by customers as a crucial tool in their business for an increasingly diverse set of industries. I want you to be aware, they are health care, retail, business services, manufacturers and so on. And it plays an important part in the e-commerce suite of services that we offer as shippers particularly respond to the uniform professionalism of our business model, and we are very happy with the way the daily volume is growing. It's growing at a healthy rate and we expect to continue the growth rate in 2019.
Fred Smith: So David Vernon asked, are ISPs seeing any increased cost pressure as competition for labor heats up? Is there any difference in the rate of inflation linehaul -- between linehaul and pickup and delivery? Alan?
Alan Graf: Thanks for the question, David. Let me just say that our ISPs are great. They do an unbelievable job. We're very proud to be their partners. Certain markets are experiencing some higher labor costs due to increased competition for people, and it affects the service providers, both linehaul and pickup and delivery, as it does any other business. So they're one of the many factors that we take into consideration. Each ISP agreement is unique and negotiated, and we -- as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we do have some inflationary pressures at ground, but because of their great productivity and technology, they're overcoming those and driving the margins up.
Fred Smith: So Dave Bronczek, please describe any similarities, dissimilarities you are witnessing between the current environment in your FedEx Freight business versus the prior peak period, Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. David?
Dave Bronczek: Thanks, Scott, for your question. John Smith and his FedEx freight team have done a fabulous job. Our peak right now is booming. As Alan mentioned, we're up 8% year-over-year. Revenue is almost the same, total revenue. So the pounds are way up. I would tell you that in spite of the pounds and in spite of the volumes, in my -- we have a daily call with my operating President, that'll be mad when I say this, our service levels have never ever been higher in Express, in Ground and in Freight. So there is a lot of similarities from peak to nonpeak even though our volumes are very strong.
Fred Smith: So we've got 2 more questions here, are the ones that have been given to be. So if you've got any problems with, we didn't get your question, get after Mickey Foster, not me or Dave or Alan or Raj. So there is a question from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. How has the pilot program for heavy home good deliveries progressed so far? If expanded, would this service take packages shipped with FedEx or would it be incremental volume? Let me just say this before I ask Raj to weigh in on this. It's important, people in this call, understand there is the oversized market and there is the heavy hard-to-handle market. Oversized market is basically handled by FedEx Ground where there has been, over the last 5 or 6 years, a substantial growth in that sector and Ground is responding to that by doing some unique things with sortation, automated robotics that handle these types of things. You're going to hear a lot more about it. On the heavy hard-to-handle items and, Brian, this is for both business and residential, not just one, these are items that require a dock height truck, a liftgate, dollies to move it and they generally require movement over the threshold into the office of the building. We've just started offering that as a FedEx Freight product, FedEx Freight Direct, and you'll hear a lot more about it. But Raj will give you the state of play here.
Raj Subramaniam: Yes. As Fred mentioned here, the heavy hard-to-handle goods market is one of the fastest-growing segments in the e-commerce and it represents roughly a $10 billion market opportunity. And the customer response to FedEx entering the market has been quite positive and it'll represent a new revenue stream for us as we go forward.
Fred Smith: All right, Raj, this is a cleanup question here because I don't want any complaints about anybody on this call that we didn't answer any question that you might have fully. How do you see the push towards 1 day shipping by the e-tailers affecting capacity? Can the USPS handle Last Mile Delivery for 1 day shipping growth or does it fall on FedEx and UPS? Jairam Nathan of Daiwa.
Raj Subramaniam: Thanks, Jairam, for the question. I can't answer what the USPS might do or anybody else, but I can just say that the push is no surprise for us, and we are well prepared not only the impact of capacity, but also the cost to serve. The global infrastructure, the technology, the capabilities, the knowledge that we have to compete in this business is quite extraordinary as we leverage off our base to build. Now you asked specifically about e-tailers, but I also want to make a quick comment on traditional retailers. When you combine the store infrastructure of retailers with our logistics infrastructure, it allows retailers to offer compelling value proposition for orders received late in the day, and the launch of our FedEx Extra Hours is clearly a very, very positive step in this regard.
Mickey Foster: So, thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx, thank you.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-09-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Vice President of Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dave Bronczek - President and Chief Operating Officer Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark Allen - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and Chief Information Officer Raj Subramaniam - Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any questions for the conference call, please e-mail them to ir@fedex.com. Only questions submitted by e-mail will be discussed on the call today. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon. And welcome to FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. The first quarter Form 10-Q, earnings release and stat book, are on our Web site at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our Web site where the replay will be available for about one year. Questions are welcome through our e-mail address, which is ir@fedex.com. When you send your questions, please include your full name and contact information. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. Many of the questions we received have been addressed in the 10-Q and in our remarks today. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Dave Bronczek, President and COO; Alan Graf, Executive VP and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO, who is joining us from telephone today; and Raj Subramaniam, Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer, FedEx Corporation. And now, Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome to those on the call today. First of all, let me extend our thoughts and hopes for a rapid recovery to those affected by recent natural disasters, Hurricane Florence in the United States and two typhoons in the North Pacific. Turning to the first quarter. FedEx delivered higher earnings driven by a solid execution of our business plan and a strong U.S. economy. We believe we will continue to increase revenue, cash flows, earnings and returns in fiscal 2019 and beyond. We’re very optimistic about our prospects for profitable growth and remain confident we’ll reach our goal to improve FedEx Express operating income by $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2017. Our thanks go out to our more than 425,000 plus team members worldwide, their dedication to the Purple Promise that simply states, I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. Now Dave, Raj and then Alan will offer a few insights and then we’ll move to questions and answers. Dave?
Dave Bronczek: Thank you and good afternoon. We announced a very important initiative last week. We will be operating our FedEx Ground U.S. networks six days a week all year, not just at this upcoming peak season. We anticipated this and are prepared for customer demand in the rapidly growing ecommerce market. Our significant investments in automation over the last decade has given us the flexibility and speed in the network to continue to expand even while we are reducing capital spending at FedEx Ground. Also, we continue to make very good progress on our integration of TNT. The integration of our sales team is well underway, and we will complete the sales integration this fiscal year. During the first quarter, integration activities began in all of our major markets in Europe, and we anticipate the completion of the integration in the Middle East at the end of this calendar year. Our integration of TNT continues to expand our network, improve our global capabilities and our competitive posture and of course, increase profitability. We are very confident in reaching the $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion of operating income improvement that Fred just talked about at FedEx Express in FY ’20 over FY ’17. Now, I’ll turn it over to Raj.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. We are seeing solid economic growth, especially in the U.S. Growth in jobs and incomes are keeping confidence high and driving positive trends in the consumer spending and retail sales. The industrial sector continues to perform well and outlook for business investment is strong. Internationally, we do not see a repeat of last year’s synchronized global growth story as the Eurozone and China slow. However, we expect another year of sound global growth as the economic cycle plays out. Global manufacturing and business investment continue to expand. Regarding trade matters, current tariffs impact a small portion of our volume coming out of China. However, the uncertainty surrounding the issue is not helping and thus has a broader impact on the market. It’s important to note that our revenue on the China-U.S. lane bidirectionally represents 2% of our total FedEx revenues, and the tariffs impact only a small portion of that. It’s very difficult to predict the future course of tariff implementation. We’re monitoring the situation very carefully and we’ll adjust our strategies according to market conditions. Clearly, we continue to support lower trade barriers for all our customers. And one thing remains very clear, we see continued success with our pricing strategies as we grow composite volumes and yields at each transportation segment. We have been successful at holistically managing base yields and surcharges including fuel. This month, we implemented changes to non-conveyable surcharges and the fuel surcharge table, the details of which can be found on our Web site. We are fast approaching the holiday peak season and preparations are well underway. We forecast another record year with four Mondays during peak expected to be among the busiest days in the history of FedEx. Once again, we are not applying a residential peak surcharge. FedEx delivers a millions of small and medium size businesses every day, and we want to support these customers as e-commerce continues to grow and becomes a major part of their business. We continue to have excellent momentum with our small and medium customer segment. Our sales and marketing teams are out executing the competition and our pricing strategy for small customers is proving successful. To further support the influx of e-commerce volume, we continue to invest in our extensive retail network, and we will have more than 12,000 FedEx total locations for this year's peak season. For our customers who want to proactively take control over their shipments, especially during the upcoming peak season, they can customize Express and Ground deliveries to any of these FedEx total locations through FedEx Delivery Manager, not only improving value, safety and convenience, but also reducing our cost. And let me now turn the call over to Alan Graf for his remarks. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon everyone. For the quarter, adjusted earnings were $3.46 per share, up 38% year-over-year. Financial results benefited from higher volumes, increased yields and a favorable net impact of fuel at all of our transportation segments. Net results benefited by $0.50 per diluted share as a result of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, primarily from a lower statutory income tax rate. Higher variable compensation accruals and accelerated wage increases negatively affected results this quarter by $170 million or $0.48 per diluted share, driven by lower accrual levels last year for variable compensation due to the effect of the cyberattack at TNT, which negatively impacted our results, and the accelerated wage increases for certain hourly employees in the U.S. following the enactment of the TCJA. All of our transportation segment operating margins would have been up year-over-year excluding these impacts. While strong international volume growth reflects a recovery from the TNT cyberattack last year, the impact to operating income was partially offset by shifting service mix and the timing of variable compensation, aircraft maintenance and merit increases. As we continue to grow package volume, our revenue and overall operating income will benefit. We remain committed to achieving $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in operating income improvement at Express. Other details about our segment results are in the 10-Q which was filed this afternoon. I would like to thank my accounting and legal teams for the extra work that they put in to get you this information earlier than ever before. Regarding our outlook, we are raising our EPS guidance for FY '19 and reaffirming our other financial targets. We are projecting adjusted earnings of $17.20 to $17.80 per diluted share for FY '19, up from $17 to $17.60. The increased guidance range is due to strong U.S. economy and continued traction on our revenue management initiatives. We expect operating profits to be up year-over-year for the corporation in an all of our transportation segments. We are reaffirming our revenue growth target of approximately 9% and adjusted operating margin of approximately 8.5%. These forecasts assume moderate economic growth and stability and global trade. Our adjusted forecasts are before year-end mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustments and exclude expenses related to the TNT Express integration as applicable. Our forecast for our adjusted FY '19 effective tax rate is approximately 25% before year-end mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustments. This forecast assumes current TCJA interpreted guidance, which is subject to change based on future guidance. Details on recent developments are outlined in the 10-Q. TNT integration expenses are expected to be $459 million. Capital spending is expected to be $5.6 billion or about 8% of projected revenues. Our cash flows and returns are improving with our earnings growth. Contributions to our primary pension plans in FY '19 are not required. All the contributions we make to these plans this fiscal year are voluntary and will be significantly lower than last year. We repurchased $625 of million stocks during the first quarter and increased our dividend for FY '19 by 30%. Now, I will turn it over to Fred to moderate the Q&A.
A - Fred Smith: Well, Alan, since we've got you on the grid why don’t I give you the first three questions and then I'll key one up about Blockchain to Rob Carter who is some place out in the Ether. So following the pension accounting restatement, can you please give us updated long-term margin targets by segment, that's from Scott Group, Wolfe Research?
Alan Graf: After giving this a lot of thoughts, Scott, we decided to stop giving segment margin projections. The way we operate with business on a portfolio basis and the way we allocate our costs depending on how we do those pricing decisions are impacting those. And I think getting down oin the weeds on that is not as important as where we are for the corporation as a whole. But as we stated in our long-term financial goals, we'll continue to target double-digit operating margins for the corporation as a whole. And based on what I just told you about where we think operating income margins will be this year, it would have been very close to double-digit had it not been for the change in pension accounting. And by the way, I'm sorry I didn’t get the Blockchain question.
Fred Smith: So Alan, Scott Schneibergur of Oppenheimer would like to know. What strategies are you able to employ to offset the earnings impact from a substantial slowdown in global trade?
Alan Graf: Well as always, we have several operational levers we are able to adjust should global trade slow down. These included adjusting on network capacity through flat reductions temporarily parking aircraft, decreased reliance on purchase transportation and other network adjustments. We can flex our overall network up or down by offense or defense. And our continued integration allows us even further flexibility and efficiency from a network perspective.
Fred Smith: From David Vernon, Alan, how is Express post the profit improvement plans better able to manage through macro shocks?
Alan Graf: We've constructed the networks to be much more flexible in years past, and any shock we’re able to, I think react to very effectively. Remember, we’re still trying to replace old aircraft, for example, that simply could be parked and not flown during this time. We have use of other peoples’ assets in our Express network that are flying traffic around for us. We have a significantly high level of purchase transportation by design as part of our expense structure. All those can be flexed down very rapidly. We also have an ability to change our order schedule of our new aircraft deliveries to accommodate something should something like that happen.
Fred Smith: And then finally, Alan, should we expect FedEx to generate positive free cash flow and add an increasing rate over the next three years? That’s from Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank.
Alan Graf: Yes. And to clarify, we are generating free cash flow and it is increasing. We expect it to grow significantly this year and expect to see increasing free cash flow in the future as we realize returns on our network investments. We continue our strategy of balancing capital allocation with returns to shareholders. Since FY ’14, we have bought back 73.1 million shares for $11 billion and increased dividend significantly this year. We expect our stock buyback program and dividend increases to continue. In addition, the well funded status of our U.S. pension plan and lower integration spending at TNT beyond FY ’20 will also improve cash flow.
Fred Smith: Rob, wherever you might be, how well the use of Blockchain to negotiate logistics transactions change the way FedEx does its business? That’s from David Campbell of Thompson Davis. Rob?
Rob Carter: Good afternoon. Thanks David. I think that there is an opportunity to usher in pretty fundamental changes in logistics chain using Blockchain technology. The first one is that custodial chains are very likely to extend beyond our direct custody of a shipment from the pick up to the delivery. The prominence on item before it came into FedEx’s hands and then custody once it’s delivered at the end delivery point for us is very likely to be how Blockchains work, showing the very important prominence of the shipments such as the pharma shipment to know that its source was exactly what the end customer expected it to be. The second big area of potential impact is Blockchain’s smart contracts capability. Blockchains have the ability to embed contractual notions into that custody chain, things like specific delivery commitments, dispute resolution, all of those things can be embedded into a Blockchain to help satisfy the additional transactions that go on around the space of a shipment. So those are the two big ones that I think are likely to change over the course of the next few years.
Fred Smith: We've got several now for Dave Bronczek. Please update us on your ability to fill peak season and ongoing needs for pilots, sort workers and drivers? From Helane Becker of Cowen and several other people have similar questions. Dave?
Dave Bronczek: Let me begin by saying that FedEx anticipates, as Raj already mentioned, record amounts of volumes this year like we had last year. The four Mondays in December will all be record volumes for FedEx. So we anticipate that already and have been working on it actually all year. FedEx has announced last week that we'll be hiring 55,000 additional team members for this holiday season to ensure we deliver the Purple Promise that has already been mentioned as well. The majority of these team members, however, will stay on with FedEx after the holiday peak or become permanent employees of FedEx. Our HR planning occurs year round, our peak hiring, our efforts our year-round. I can tell you that right after the holiday season is over, we start the process in every operating company. So that we can deliver once again world-class service and that’s what we'll do again this year.
Fred Smith: So Dave, how much additional volume could the ground network handle without significant investment? That’s from Todd Fowler of KeyBanc.
Dave Bronczek: As you saw last week, we announced the six day Ground. It's a huge issue for us and a big, big deal for our customers. We expect to gain significant capacity and volume without adding any more facilities, by shifting to a year-round six day operation. Additionally, we'll increase the focus on innovation and technology such as automation, robotics, route planning. Many of you have seen this already in our hubs and Ground and Express, significant opportunities for our employees too. We have a lot of our employees now that are very pleased with the extra hours and the flexibility to the hours. So this is a very big opportunity for FedEx.
Fred Smith: So in the same vein, how should we quantify the incremental capacity at Ground related to the six day -- to adding a six-day of operations? That’s from Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Dave?
Dave Bronczek: Well, it's sort of the same points I just made, Allison. For Ground, it opens up a lot of capacity and existing opportunities for our current employees to get more hours and more flexible hours. But we'll be able to handle a lot more volume without more CapEx. So it’s very incremental for us on the profit side. It's really actually very good for us on service but less so the volumes flow through our network more evenly. So it was a big deal big enough that we thought we should send it out and be announcing it last week.
Fred Smith: So Dave, when comparing B2C to B2B shipments within Ground, is there any meaningful difference in total transit time? Ben Hartford of Baird.
Dave Bronczek: There is really no big significant difference. However, obviously, it is a difference that you see you a lot shorter zone now for B2C volume and a lot of retailers are moving their inventory closer and closer to customers, they've been doing that for many years now. It's important to note that for us at FedEx, especially FedEx Ground that the average package at Ground whether its B2B or B2C is between 64% 65% of it is delivered in two days or less for us today.
Fred Smith: And finally, Dave, can you discuss some of the differences in the degree of automation between older and newer facilities?
Dave Bronczek: Yes, I'm thrilled to be able to answer that question. And it is a big difference. We have strategically been investing, and many of you know this and many of you have seen our facilities, and I'll just use the FedEx Ground facility for example. Over the last 15 years, we put a lot of capital into these facilities where 130 plus of them are automated. And what that means is you can walk into one of our facilities, and it's the state-of-the-art technology, state-of-the-art robotics in terms of unloading, autonomous tugs, yard management systems, geo-fencing, GPS system. It's truly remarkable you'll hardly see our any employees at all. And the speed to which our package gets through our hubs now is unbelievable. So we're able to handle a lot of volume especially at peak because of all the investments we've made over all the years.
Fred Smith: So now we have several teed up for Raj. Can you discuss the current and potential impact of tariffs levied on China? That's from Chris Wetherbee of Citi and several others have similar questions.
Raj Subramaniam: I covered some of this in my opening remarks. The China-U.S. lane bidirectionally represents roughly 2% of our total revenues. The tariffs that have been implemented so far only accounts to less than 10% of that volume. And then if new tariffs are implemented on the 200 billion dollars of import that's being considered that might impact roughly a quarter of those 2%. So that gives you a frame of reference for what we are talking about in the context of the whole enterprise. Now having said that, the uncertainty around the issue and the potential for additional tariffs is affecting the market and we're beginning to see some of the economic activity in China starting to moderate as a result of that.
Fred Smith: So are you seeing any supply chain adjustments from customers because of tariff concerns? That's from Matthew Russell. I hope I pronounced it right of Goldman Sachs.
Raj Subramaniam: Matthew, I think we have not yet seen any significant ships in the customer supply chain. However, if the situation continues for any amount of time, we do expect customers to diversify their supply chains and perhaps some of the trade patterns might change. And the good news here is that FedEx has got a large unparalleled global network that can flex and adjust and support our customer needs as they make their changes. I want to reemphasize the point that was made earlier by Alan and some of others that the scale and flexibility of FedEx will enable us to deliver strong results in enterprise despite any uncertainty on trades and tariffs.
Fred Smith: So Raj, here is one from Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Response to UPS initiatives focusing on small and midsize businesses is his question. As FedEx gain share with small and midsize businesses over the past decade. If UPS becomes more aggressive in this market segment, how might FedEx respond? Is there meaningful risk of pricing pressure in this customer segment, if both large players are focused on growing with the same group of customers?
Raj Subramaniam: I can't directly comment on whatever competition does, but I believe the answer to your question is really yes. As I have covered in the opening remarks, small and medium segment business has been, is and will be a strong focus for us going forward and we have only accelerated in this regard. Why is that; is because we have very, very strong value proposition; we have a speed advantage; we have a very strong pricing strategy, a holistic pricing strategy; and to top it all off, we have a very strong sales and marketing team who are out executing in the competition. And as you all know, this is the most profitable segment so more business is better for us.
Fred Smith: So there are two questions here that are similar, so I am going to split this between Raj and Dave. The first part of it is from Brian Ossenbeck of JP Morgan. Where are the largest opportunities for share gains with a combined TNT FedEx Network? And how far along is the combined entity in addressing those opportunities? I’d give that one to Raj.
Raj Subramaniam: Brian, clearly the opportunities are very large. As you all may know and TNT and now FedEx has a fantastic Ground network that handles parcels and pallets in Europe. I mean TNT is a key player for intra-European ground markets and key domestic markets in Europe. Of course don’t forget that TNT also has a terrific ground networks in Middle East, in Asia and Latin America. So when we combine that with FedEx’s unparalleled inter-continental air system, we have a unique network that allows us to offer new value to our customers in a very cost effective manner. And that opens up large international market segments and which are now extremely well positioned to gain significant share. And the good news here is we are well on our way to unlocking the value and we are pleased with the progress. As Dave talked about, we are progressing well on the integration and customers are already beginning to see this value. And all I can say here is that the sales and marketing teams in the world are very excited to see the progress and really provide new value for our customers.
Fred Smith: So somewhat similarly, Lee Klaskow, of Bloomberg Intelligence wants to know where the TNT integration with FedEx gives us some competitive advantage. Dave, do you want to talk about that?
Dave Bronczek: Yes, it’s a great question. And obviously, one of the reasons we’re so interested in this, we with TNT they didn’t really have the reach into the rest of their global network, that’s our strength. Our global network is our strength. And so for them and for their customers, they had great Ground services, as Raj just said. In Europe, they’re now accessing our global network all around the world; Europe, Latin America, Asia, Canada, United States. So really for them and for other customers and telling us this all the time, this is fantastic news for them and this is a big growth opportunity for us.
Fred Smith: So from Chris Wetherbee of Citi to Alan, what are your plans for buybacks this fiscal year?
Alan Graf: Chris, the management team feels pretty strongly that probably one of the highest uses of our free cash flow is we continue to repurchase our shares. We’re very confident about where we’re headed in the next three to four years in terms of improving our cash flows and our margins and our competitive positioning. We’re very excited about what’s going on at Ground with this existing network and selling those assets and we’ll start seeing some real improvement in that in the second half of this year and on into FY ’20. So I am not going to get specific, but I’d like to say it’s a high priority and use of free cash flow.
Fred Smith: So I guess one for Raj with rollout of the Amazon Delivery Service Partner Network, is Amazon a more competitive threat?
Raj Subramaniam: As I mentioned in previous calls, Amazon is a long-standing customer of ours. However, no one customer represents more than 3% of our revenue and Amazon is not our largest customer. Now Amazon and other customers of ours have certain elements of the logistics in-sourced to deal with capacity issues, as well as inventory management. And while there has been significant media interest in what Amazon is doing to expand their in-source deliver capability, this should not be confused as competition with FedEx. The global infrastructure, the technology, the capabilities, knowledge, they're near to compete in our business, is quite extraordinary and we have built that up over 40 plus years. I'll just point you to the video at our Web site fedex.com/dream where you can see further information in this regard. Thank you.
Fred Smith: So I'll take the last one here. This is from Donald Broughton of Broughton Capital. What are the top two or three areas domestically and internationally that make sense for FedEx to pursue in the next 10 years? Well, referring back to that little video that’s on the Internet, and I'd urge anybody interested in FedEx to watch it again go to fedex.com/dream. And we have a new one that's going be put up on November the 1st, called, The Day of Possibilities. But when you watch the existing video much less than new one that’s coming up, which we just viewed, you are immediately struck by the incredible size and scope of the FedEx Networks. There simply is nothing like them in the world. And we have the capability to basically attack the trillion dollar plus transportation and logistics market in a unique way. We worked very hard, as Alan has mentioned, over the years to develop a very flexible capability to do so. We're well aware that supply chains change. If you were talking about supply chains 15 years ago, you'd be talking about a lot of things that are built in China that were built in Malaysia, and so they shifted. Well, as Raj said, they may be about to shift again. But we just have these unduplicated networks, which we developed over 40 years and we're very optimistic that we can deploy the resources to continue to grow the Company and increase our financial performance. And then as Alan mentioned, within that context, we, well over the next few years be generating a substantial amount of free cash flow, which we will deploy along the lines that Alan described to you. Now that’s obviously exclusive of any corporate development activity, but we're very optimistic about that side of the business. And the final thing that I would like to say before we sign off is there's a lot of conversation about the trade issues these days, and they are very worrisome. And clearly, the U.S.-China trade dispute that took on even greater prominence today with the administration's announcement, is worrisome to everyone. And the reason its worrisome is not because of just the individual dispute, it's because history is very, very clear that countries that pursue the most open markets are the ones that prosper the most and whose citizens' income increases the most. Mercantilism does not work. There is an example after example of it. People that try to manage economies, particularly worldwide economies from a centrally managed perspective cannot do so. There're always parochial interests, whether it's dairy farmers in Canada or the chicken tax in the United States, which protects our pickup truck, most people don't realize it. But if you import a pickup truck in the United States, you pay 25% tariff. So overtime, the effort to try to dismantle those parochial interests has been herculean. And a lot of people over the years, the USTRs, Charlene, Barsheski, Carla Hills, Mickey Kantor, Michael Foreman and all of done the yeoman's work to do that. So I think that at the end of the day, history shows that people want to travel and trade. And the final thing that I would point out to you that is unprecedented in human history. Every consumer in the world almost today, billions of people, have an unprecedented order entry device sitting in their pocket, they can see the wares of the world. And when you see this new film that goes up, The Day of Possibilities, you'll see this. These small customers in Columbia, and seafood producers in Maine and companies throughout the world that are now able to access consumers, because they have the capability to buy and sell with duties and taxes explained to them with the type of software we provide them, but most importantly, our networks that connect 99% of the world's GDP in one to two business days. So I urge anybody that's interested in FedEx understand the fascination with these quarterly earnings and so forth. It's the much broader perspective that's important when you examine FedEx. And as all of us have said to you today, we're very optimistic about the Company and feel that we're flexible enough and deft enough to deal with, with whatever the marketplaces might bring us. So with that, I'll turn it back to Mickey to close the meeting.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much. Bye.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-06-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - VP, IR Fred Smith - Chairman & CEO Alan Graf - EVP & CFO Raj Subramaniam - EVP, Chief Marketing & Communications Officer Dave Bronczek - President & COO Henry Maier - President & CEO, FedEx Ground Mike Ducker - President & CEO, FedEx Freight David Cunningham - President & CEO, FedEx Express Don Colleran - EVP & Chief Sales Officer, FedEx Corporation Rob Carter - EVP, FedEx Information Services & CIO
Analysts:
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any questions for the conference call, please e-mail them to ir@fedex.com. Only questions submitted by mail will be discussed on the call today. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon. And welcome to FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. The fourth quarter earnings release, stat book and earnings presentation slides are on our website at fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website, where the replay and slides will be available for about one year. Questions are welcome through our e-mail address which is ir@fedex.com. When you send your questions, please include your full name and contact information. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to the press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Dave Bronczek, President and Chief Operating Officer; Alan Graf, Executive VP and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive VP, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Don Colleran, Executive VP, Chief Sales Officer, FedEx Corporation; Raj Subramaniam, Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer, FedEx Corporation; David Cunningham, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome to our call to discuss earnings for the fourth quarter and the full year and our outlook for fiscal 2019 and beyond. We're very proud of the financial and operational results FedEx delivered in fiscal 2018, and let me congratulate our more than 425,000 team members worldwide for a job very well done indeed. FedEx Express posted solid revenue growth and is making good progress towards improving operating income by $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2017. The FedEx Ground modernization and optimization are paying off with more efficient handling with increasing growth of business-to-business and e-commerce shipments. FedEx Freight margins are increasing due to an improved industrial business environment and better balance of volume, pricing, and capacity. Our leading edge technologies now allow customers to conveniently pick up, drop-off or ship at approximately 60,000 locations nationwide in the United States. FY18 was a year of opportunity and quite frankly, challenges anticipated and unexpected, and FedEx emerged more competitive than ever. We're committed to increasing our margins, earnings, cash flows, and returns while investing for long-term profitable success. We believe our shareowners, team members, and customers will reap the benefits of this approach by creating sustainable differentiated advantages. At all my years at FedEx, I've never been so optimistic and so sure of our strategy and our ability to deliver an exciting future. Having said that, we do remain concerned, however, about threats to diminish the free flow of goods among countries, trade as a two-way street, and FedEx supports lowering trade barriers for our customers, not raising them. Finally, let me extend the best wishes of the corporation, the board, and all of our team mates, and most importantly, for me, personally to FedEx Freight President and CEO, Mike Ducker, as he retires this summer. This will be Mike's last call. Mike has been our partner for more than 43 years, and he always answered the call when asked to lead in each new opportunity. Whether in Europe, Asia, or in the Americas, Mike has been truly the model of our people service profit philosophy, and I must tell you he is one of the most outstanding leaders and executives that I've ever seen in any field. So Mike, you're retiring with our best wishes and we're going to miss you, but since you only live right down the road, we'll see you a lot. So, here’s to you Mike. So with that, let me turn it over to Alan Graf for his comments.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Fred, and good afternoon, everyone. For the quarter adjusted earnings were $5.91 per share, up 41% year-over-year driven by tax benefits and improved operating results that are covered in the earnings release. Our adjusted consolidated operating margin was 11.5%. All three transportation segments achieved the fourth quarter operating margin targets that we provided last quarter. Turning to the full year, we finished the year with an adjusted EPS of $15.31, that's up 27% year-over-year. We invested more in our people to share some of the benefits of the U.S. Tax Cuts & Jobs Act by advancing our annual pay increases for certain U.S. hourly workers to April 1, from the normal October date for 2018. Our capital expenditures were $5.7 billion or 8.7% of revenues. We repurchased 4.3 million shares for approximately $1 billion in FY18. In FY18 we contributed $2.5 billion to our tax-qualified U.S. domestic pension plans. Regarding pensions, I would like to take a few minutes to explain the effect that new pension accounting rules will have on our financial results for FY19. Going forward, only the pension service cost will be included in operating expenses. All the other elements that make up total pension expense will now be classified as other non-operating expenses, including the year-end mark-to-market adjustment. For example, in FY18 our total pension expense excluding mark-to-market and other pension adjustments was $224 million while our service cost was $812 million. So while there was no impact on net income from these new rules, they will negatively impact our operating margin by about 90 basis points. Of course, prior years will be recast to conform to these new rules, so there will be no year-over-year impact once we have an apples-to-apples comparison starting in the first quarter of FY19. Since our primary pension plans are fully funded under ERISA, contributions will not be required for the foreseeable future. As a result, most of the service cost expense is really a non-cash item that has a material effect when modeling our cash flows. While no cash contributions are required in our primary U.S. pension plans, we will make voluntary contributions during FY19, but they will be at a much lower level than the $2.5 billion we contributed in FY18. I would also like to comment on the pension derisking transaction that we executed in Q4 to remove approximately 20% of our pension liabilities from the balance sheet through an annuity purchase with MetLife. This $6 billion transaction was the largest single transaction in our history and it represents a win for both our shareholders and our retirees. This event follows a long line of derisking activities, including plan design changes and special lump sum settlements, all design to reduce the volatility of our pension liabilities, and further strengthen our balance sheet. For FY19, FedEx is targeting revenue growth of approximately 9%, we're also targeting the following before year-end, mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustments and excluding TNT Express integration expenses an operating margin of approximately 8.5%, remember that's being reduced by the service cost, and earnings of $17 to $17.60 per diluted share. Additionally, we're anticipating an effective tax rate of approximately 25% prior to year end mark-to-market retirement plan accounting adjustments which is higher than our FY18 effective tax rate due to tax benefits from transactions and TCJA impacts that will not reoccur during FY19. We expect our FY19 cash tax rate to be lower than the U.S. statutory rate of 21% due to the favorable capital expensing provision created by the TCJA. Cash flows will improve as earnings grow. For FY19, depreciation and amortization is expected to be approximately $3 billion, the FedEx will generate very strong cash flows. Capital spending is expected to decline slightly to $5.6 billion or about 8% of projected revenues. Our TNT integration expenses are projected to be $450 million, and we expect voluntary contributions to our primary pension plans in FY19 to be significantly lower than FY18. Last week we announced that we are boosting our FY19 dividend by 30% to $0.65 per share for the quarter. We are confident that we will achieve the operating income improvement at Express of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in FY20 versus FY17, assuming moderate economic growth and current accounting and tax rules. Now, Raj will provide more color for our forecast and our strengthening position in the marketplace.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Alan. I will open with our economic update and outlook and then discuss our revenue performance and business conditions in each segment and provide some commentary on broader industry trends and our growth priorities. The economic outlook remains very favorable. The U.S. industrial sector has shifted into higher gear and capital spending is expanding. Consumers are benefiting from a strong labor market and tax cuts are supporting incomes. Overall sentiment remains near multi-year highs. Globally, the structured three-speed world is becoming visible again after a couple of years of synchronous global growth. While the U.S. accelerates, the Eurozone and Japan are slowing and the emerging world continues to post the fastest rates of growth. On balance, we expect another year of strong global growth as economic momentum runs through a healthy pace. Sound fundamentals remain in place to underpin sustained growth in global manufacturing and business investment. The next few slides show details of revenue, volume and yield performance by transportation segment. It is clear our pricing strategies that allow us to grow volumes increase yields across the portfolio show continued success. For our U.S. domestic Express business, revenue and yield increased 4% and 3% respectively, excluding the impact of fuel yield per package increased 1%. FedEx Express international export package revenue increased double digits by 10% in Q4, primarily due to yield increase of 10%, excluding fuel and exchange rate impact yields increased 3%. Ground segment revenue also saw a double digit growth at 12% in Q4 with volume and yield each up 6% continuing the strong volume growth from home delivery and balanced volume and yield growth in commercial. Excluding fuel, yield per package increased 5%. At FedEx Freight, revenue per shipment increased 8%, mainly driven by our revenue quality efforts. Excluding fuel, revenue per shipment was up 6%. Revenue per shipment growth is driven by stronger rate per shipment and ongoing emphasis on revenue quality improvements. Let me now discuss some exciting new enhancements to the FedEx portfolio that will help drive our growth in fiscal year '19. First, we believe that the realignment of FedEx Trade networks that we recently is a very positive step for FedEx. It allows us to leverage the vast array of capabilities including air and ocean forwarding, supply chain and fulfillment services, cross-border capabilities, 3D printing and customized transportation solutions across the full global portfolio of FedEx. In effect, FTN becomes the forced multiplier for our business as our customers benefit from differentiated solutions for the supply chain needs. E-commerce continues to grow rapidly around the world and we continue to enhance our global portfolio to offer market leading capabilities on a global scale. During the last quarter, we acquired P2P Mailing Limited, which provides unique last-mile delivery options to more than 200 countries and territories. P2P further expands the capabilities of FedEx within the cross-border e-commerce market segment. We've also experienced significant growth in the usage of FedEx Delivery Manager platform, especially in the last year. Total new delivery manager enrollments were up 50% year-over-year during fiscal year '18. We have been expanding FedEx Delivery Manager internationally, and are now in 42 countries representing 75% of the world's GDP. Additional new countries in the Middle East, Asia and Latin America will be added in fiscal year '19. E-commerce also brings significantly more returns and we have expanded our returns technology to enable e-tailers and consumers with unique visibility, flexibility and efficiency for our returns management through our FedEx office locations. We continue to enhance customer's access to our services with additional FedEx office locations including the first 50 new FedEx office locations inside Walmart stores opening in time for the upcoming peak season. We anticipate adding a total of 500 FedEx office locations inside Walmart stores over the next two years. The FedEx onsite program continues to expand with Walgreens, now the retail partners, and we already have almost 11,000 packaged pickup locations in the U.S. This program is all about convenience and brings FedEx ever closer to consumers. We of course are deep into our preparations for the upcoming peak season and we will announce more specific plans and expectations for the peak season in upcoming months. We are proud of the close collaboration with our customers and the detailed forecasting processes that we use. The final results in peak 2018 were 99% match to our forecast which allowed us to very effectively prepare and position people and operational resources, and ultimately deliver outstanding service even on the busiest days of the holiday season. Let me now turn the call over to David Bronczek for his remarks. Dave.
Dave Bronczek: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon to everyone. We are proud to report record Q4 adjusted operating income of $2 billion for FedEx Corporation, which is up $255 million year-over-year, or 15%. As Alan just said, we told you last quarter we expected operating margins at all three transportation operating companies to improve for the fourth quarter, and they all did. At FedEx Express, fourth quarter adjusted operating profit hit a record $1.1 billion, up $129 million year-over-year or 13%, and their adjusted operating margin was double-digits at 11.5%. FedEx Express segment revenue growth was driven by primarily by our international business, and we had excellent growth in both international and U.S. freight services which helped drive better profitability. As you saw in the release, we are continuing to improve the efficiency and the reliability of the air network with additional orders for new aircraft that will replace older, less efficient aircraft. The deliveries of the additional 767s will begin in FY20, and the deliveries of the additional 777s will begin in FY21. The reliability of our air fleet has improved significantly and will continue to improve in this next phase of the fleet modernization program. Now with respect to TNT integration, I'm happy to say that at the two-year mark the integration is accelerating and that significant expansion in our network dramatically improves our global capabilities and our competitive posture. On June 1, our continued -- we continued the integration of our world-class global sales teams. Our sales teams will be fully integrated in fiscal year 2019, this year of course, one year ahead of our original schedule. The technology and operational capabilities provide us with the ability to flow packages between the legacy TNT and FedEx Systems is processing as planned to allow us to flow volumes to the lowest cost or the highest service FedEx Express network in fiscal year '19, that's this year. In June we launched Economy Express 1-Day transit service in 175 lanes in Europe. These lanes were previously operated on a 2-day transit time commitment. This is a significant step in demonstrating the power of the TNT European road network and a tangible example of the benefits of our integration for our customers. Customers will benefit from more speed, more value, more coverage and of course, more choice with all of these changes. The successful integration of TNT and FedEx Express remains a key driver of the FedEx Express FY20 operating income improvement target of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion over FY17's results. Now FedEx Ground also achieved record fourth quarter operating profit of $832 million, up $125 million year-over-year or 18% with double-digit percentage growth in revenue and an operating margin of 17.3%. We are improving revenue quality through a balanced approach to volume and yield growth. We've reduced our long-term capital plans for FedEx Ground to much better matched capacity expansion with pricing and volume growth. We're optimizing and modernizing in many areas to drive greater profitability. FedEx Freight's fourth quarter operating profit was also a record profit of $175 million, up $45 million and an amazing 35%. Freight's operating margin was 9.4%, exceeding all the guidance that we gave you in the last quarter. FedEx Freight continues to show improvement in revenue and profitability as our pricing strategies drive revenue growth while investments in the network dramatically improves safety and lowers our costs. We are very pleased with the Freight's performance in FY18, look forward to continued success in FY19. So in FY18 we made progress towards our goals of increasing earnings, margins, cash flows and returns while dramatically enhancing customer service. And we expect to do the same thing in FY19. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Mickey Foster.
A - Fred Smith: So now I will answer the questions that were submitted. Probably the queue be here, given the ball off to various people to answer these questions. The first one is from Helane Becker and Ken Hoexter of Cowen & BofA Merrill Lynch, respectively. Could a trade war interrupt global growth or is world trade too entrenched to allow for any disruption? So I'm going to ask Dave Bronczek to take this on. If we get a lot of other questions about this, perhaps we'll talk a bit more of it at the end since it was such a topic of conversation on the business shows all day long. Dave?
Dave Bronczek: We believe global supply chains, especially those of high value items are well established and will be very difficult to disrupt. We are hopeful that amenable solutions, of course, to trade policy issues will be found. However, our global assets are at such a large scale now and it is relatively easy for us to reposition our networks, really all around the world should any trade patterns evolve. Hopefully, I helped to answer your question.
Fred Smith: Question number two, this is from the Associated Press. Are U.S. customers seeking expedited imports of items from China that will fall under the new tariffs on July 6? Raj?
Fred Smith: We have not seen any changes in the US customer behavior directly related to these new tariffs. Now this is not really surprising, especially since the commodities in question make up only a very, very small portion of our U.S. China revenues. Ken Hoexter , again, our tech sales leading indicator, you still watch for Asia-U.S. exports, sort of the same line of questioning there, Raj.
Raj Subramaniam: The answer to that question is, yes, technology sales is clearly one of the key indicators that we monitor and it's very highly correlated to the Asia-U.S. exports. Now, you have to back out some of the noise, the cellphone product cycle to get to the underlying trend. And in the recent months, industrial investment in technology and capital goods, they have really helped underpin the ongoing growth in Asian exports.
Fred Smith: So here is a question from David Vernon of Bernstein and Kevin Sterling of Seaport Global. How is the tightening truck transportation market impacting demand and cost at each FedEx segment?
Dave Bronczek: Demand continues to be very strong by the strength of industrial production, as Raj mentioned earlier in consumer demand. However, to give you a little bit of color and background to this, I'm going to have the three opco presidents, starting maybe with Henry and then Mike at FedEx Freight, and then David who has probably the least effect to give their points of view and their comments on it. Henry?
Henry Maier: At FedEx Ground, 100% of our transportation is purchased as it has been for 33 years since the company has contracts with all entities providing transportation services, most importantly our contract service providers, but you might also be surprised to know, we also have contracts with rail, truckload, and of course the United States Postal Service. These relationships support the Company to access virtually unlimited options in the market and drive our industry-leading flexibility to scale our transportation needs as customer demands warrant.
Mike Ducker: Yes. I'll just add that we're seeing very strong demand for our services in the freight sector. We remain focused on disciplined growth and margin expansion while providing the best service in the industry. As a proof point, our fourth quarter results were perfectly balanced with 8% growth on average daily shipments and an 8% revenue per shipment growth. And again, while the robust industrial production number is most closely correlated with the LTL market, we really expect a particularly strong IP [ph] growth during the first half of fiscal year '19. So that translates into a good growth in shipments.
David Cunningham: Good day. This is Dave Cunningham representing FedEx Express. We have not experienced any issues with securing a third-party tuckinging load.
Fred Smith: Does FedEx believe that the growth of e-commerce has changed the seasonality of the global air freight market, if so how are you adjusting? This is David Campbell of Thompson Davis. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, indeed global e-commerce is increasing, but you have to remember that the vast majority of the pounds that we carry are business-to-business shipments, and as such seasonality still continues to follow traditional patterns. I think more importantly perhaps, is the fact that Dave Bronczek mentioned earlier that the scale of our network is combined with the capacity that we have deployed on commercial carriers is so huge now that it makes it relatively easy for us to flex capacity as required by market demand.
Fred Smith: How much of the $400 million impact from the cyber-attack should we assume comes back in FY19? Have you fully recovered all TNT share losses? I'll ask David Cunningham and perhaps Don Colleran to deal with that issue. David?
David Cunningham: You can see in the results that we experienced year-over-year double-digit revenue growth in our international package and freight services this past quarter. While higher rates were certainly a major contributor, we're also seeing solid year-over-year growth in freight traffic, a piece of our product portfolio that expanded significantly through the addition of TNT. Again, the recovery of the business over the past several months has been remarkable and we certainly owe a major thanks to our sales, customer service, and IT professionals who have done an outstanding job of recovering from this attack.
Don Colleran: We greatly appreciate the loyalty that our customers have shown us as we went through this difficult period. And as you noted, I'm also glad to have mention that we have resumed year-over-year growth in the impacted segments of that business.
Fred Smith: So here are three questions for FedEx Ground, we'll give to Henry. Question one, how much can you grow FedEx Ground volumes without adding more facilities, Elaine Becker [ph] of Cowen. Second, what level of FedEx Ground margins are possible over the long-term, Jerome Nathan of Diva [ph] and David Ross of Stifel. And how much is left to do for full ISP model conversion from David Ross of Stifel. Henry, can you remember all of those?
Henry Maier: I think, I can, thanks. In terms of adding volume, I would say our investments in automation and technology have led us to have the most automated package sortation network in North America if not the world. And that enables us to be able to flex our capacity as needed based on market dynamics and probably the best example of that is how we handle record volumes each year at peak. Concerning margins, we expect to continue to deliver strong volume and revenue growth driven by the trends that everybody year-to-date so far has talked about by e-commerce. We're intently focused on modernizing and optimizing the ground network to drive profitability and we continue to look for ways to maximize asset utilization by leveraging existing capacity and automation. In terms of the ISP model conversion, we expect to be done sometime in late calendar 2019. We've recently announced that we were accelerating that process.
Fred Smith: Will the IMO 2020 changes in marine fuel standards impact demand and pricing in the air freight markets? David Vernon [ph] of Bernstein. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: It's a bit too early to tell at this point. It's great to see -- thanks to IMO 2020 that the marine fuel sulfur will be reduced which will be a positive for the global environment. Plus, the implementation will probably raise fuel prices and we'll have to see what kind of material impact this has on the air freight demand; it's too early to tell. But please note, thanks to our growing FedEx Trade Networks ocean business, we are very close to any pricing developments and in a perfect position to optimize transportation of solutions for our customers.
Fred Smith: Couple of questions on freight. Why our FedEx Freight annual margins not double-digits in such a strong LTL environment? And any investments restraining current margins? David Ross of Stifel. And are you interested in getting into heavy goods last mile? Would that be through your LTL or packaged division? Scott Group of Wolfe Research and David Vernon [ph] of Bernstein has a similar question. So let me ask Mike Ducker to answer most of those questions.
Mike Ducker: First of all, we're pleased with the profit and margin performance during fiscal year '18 and I would like to give a shout out to our team mates for their great performance. Our operating income improved by 33% and the margin by 120 basis points. If you take that on a quarterly basis, for Q4 it was 35% and 130 basis points. Now while we're pleased with that, we're still not satisfied with those results. Our goal remains sustainable double-digit margins but we're not going to compromise our continued investments which we believe are critical for our future growth and preparedness. So we continue to invest in technology that will prepare us better for the rapid modernization of supply chains and to ensure we maintain a market leading position. Second part of the question for David Vernon [ph] at Bernstein, we already delivered significant volume of goods through both FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight, the last mile goods. So as demand grows for those shipments, we believe FedEx is uniquely positioned on reach and flexibility of our networks to provide outstanding service, even for those larger and heavier deliveries. Specifically for LTL, e-commerce is and will create opportunities for us and while we see opportunity in that large growing market, we do have plans to leverage those trends to support margin expansion.
Fred Smith: A question for Raj; can you detail the issues that FedEx supply chain and the turnaround plans? Jerome Nathan at Diva [ph] and Kevin Sterling at Seaport Global. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, we covered this issue in our May 29 8-K disclosure and we're accelerating our efforts to streamline and standardize our operating model and upgrading our technology. These actions will not only increase our flexibility and service for our customers, at the same time it also improves profitability through lower operating expenses. As I mentioned in the opening, we are very excited about the realignment of FedEx trade networks which will act as a force multiplier for our entire business.
Fred Smith: Let me just add to that. I mean, we don't have any systemic problems with FedEx supply chain, we have excellent group working on there. Basic issue about the goodwill impairment was simply that we had two cell phone repair contracts; one that went to a different business model -- a warranty type model within repair, meaning more than just gave new phones. And the second, the customer decided to split the business for strategic reasons. So we've got a lot of stuff in the pipeline and supply chain will do fine. On a related area, there is a question from -- about why we moved FedEx Trade Networks out from under FedEx Express. Raj basically mentioned this but I thought I would just add some color on this. Basically, FedEx Trade Networks is now doing things for all of the OpCo's. FedEx Trade Networks is the largest customs broker in the United States, they clear things for FedEx Ground, going across the NAFTA borders, we're moving more sea freight and that sea freight is going into the FedEx Freight Network. By putting the other specialty operating companies together as Raj said, we believe that will be a forced multiplier across our OpCo's and we felt it was a better fit there. I have to tell you, we have a sort of a model of that -- what we did with FedEx office; I mean, it has been a fantastic contributor to our operating companies doing all kinds of value-added services and I'm sure that will be the case with the new FedEx Trade Network with custom critical and supply chain and forward depo's and the cross-border as interval parts of it. So now we turn to a number of financial questions related to CapEx. We have one from Ravi Shankar; given the new plains and the ongoing hub expenses, is it fair to assume that CapEx will increase in FY20 and beyond from FY19 levels? And I'll ask Alan if he will take that?
Alan Graf: We're going to continue to grow our revenues and continue to grow our cash flows, and as we see opportunities to invest -- whether it's expense, capital or acquisitions, that is going to increase the long-term value of our Company, we're going to do that. Obviously, we benefited greatly from the TCJA tax rate and 100% expensing for the next five years, that obviously makes CapEx investing less risky, although in the case of aircraft that was certainly not the driver when you're present with opportunities to make asset acquisitions at a really good price and those that are driving tremendous productivity improvements and operating expense reductions. We need to make those moves; so our CapEx is going to spike up in FY20 and FY21, mostly as a result of Express. We are significantly reducing our outlook for CapEx at Ground, we won't build a hub for a long time, Ground has many innovative and somewhat -- in some ways revolutionary cost reduction programs underway right now, all of which involves sweating assets, improving productivity and lowering costs. And the same thing at freight, so it will be easily managed. I won't say they will be able to stay at the 8% level but it will be very easily managed and covered with our cash flows and we'll still have access cash flow.
Fred Smith: So in the same vein, David Vernon [ph] wants to know as EBITDA and cash flows go up faster than the rate of CapEx which is what we've been telling which is going to happen here for a significant period of time. What's our free cash flow projection for this coming year Alan, can we put out there?
Alan Graf: No, we're not going to put that out there because we have a different definition of free cash flow. Our EBITDA will be very strong, particularly if you consider the service cost of pension but this is one of my favorite subjects at FedEx; the whole concept as you're driving that is capital allocation. I think we've done a tremendous job of that in the past, we're balancing I think very effectively with returns to shareholders. I'll just remind you that since FY14, we bought back 70.5 million shares with $10 billion at an average price of $147 and based on where it's trading today, I'd say that was a pretty good move. We just increased our dividend 30% more, we hope to continue stock buyback in continued dividends. We've managed our pension very effectively, it's now fully funded -- over fully funded from RISA [ph] standpoint. So we'll continue to do what we've been doing, and we'll be balancing our opportunities and our total shareholder returns. And I suspect we will be improving our credit ratios as we go along.
Fred Smith: So that basically answers David Vernon's question about what should investors expect FedEx to do with the resulting ramp in free cash flow. What percentage of your overall domestic package revenue is now B2C? Are B2C margins improving? Scott Group, Wolfe Research. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: We don't provide specific breakdown of B2C revenue or margins but you have to remember, that the B2C e-commerce is still relatively a small percentage of our total global revenues. Now having said that, you all know it's a relative fast growing strong and we are very excited about the capabilities that we have put in place to grow this business profitably.
Fred Smith: There is a question from Ken Huckster [ph] BofA-Merrill. Can you review the total cost of integration since acquisition and what's left after 2019? Does the benefit outweigh the cost yet? And then, Matthew Russell [ph] of Goldman Sachs asks similar question; after the $450 million in TNT integration expenses in 2019, we still have $150 million of integration expenses in 2020? Alan?
Alan Graf: So we're now little bit past two years of Day 1 with TNT and we've learned a tremendous amount. Recall, we also suffered very nasty cyber-attack a year ago, almost coming up on a year anniversary. And so our integration expenses are going to be a little bit higher than we originally thought but that's not bad at all because we'll be tightening our defenses from a cyber-standpoint and we're going to invest more than that than we had anticipated but the results will be much more productive and much more flexible IT network. Additionally, we have found additional productivity enhancers as we go through the integration that are going to really increase our returns substantially. Not to say, at FY19 when we're going to step up to about $450 million worth of integration is a very big year. We have great plans in place, we're off to a good start, and this is a key year for us in terms of integration. After '19 we'll have somewhere around $250 million to $300 million left in FY20 but that will be around the edges, I think the meat on the chicken is going to be front fiscal year that we're in.
Fred Smith: Chris Weatherbee [ph] of Citi asked, do you expect new aircraft orders to add to total capacity or will total airless stay flat as all planes are retired? Dave Bronczek, David Cunningham?
Dave Bronczek: Let me start off by saying the great thing about these airplanes is we can just completely replace old planes like the MD11, pick them out of international and bring them back to the United States and move the MD10s out. We can totally do that, and we've done mostly that; we've added very few incremental planes along the years here. On the other hand, if we continue to see strong growth like we're seeing now, we could use them to add capacity. So we can hold and just replace or we can grow and add the capacity that we currently have. So with that, David Cunningham?
David Cunningham: I think Dave covered it well, the only thing I would add is, that we continue to modernize our global network resulting in improved reliability, reduced emissions and greater operational flexibility.
Fred Smith: Matthew Russell [ph] of Goldman Sachs asked can you still achieve 10% corporate operating margins long-term with detention [ph] in our accounting changes? To answer that question is yes, and our goal is to have operating margins at the corporate level and at the OpCo level in the teams. Here is one from outside of last mile delivery which I'd taken is the term that's being applied to the heavy and hard to handle. Raj, is that right? I think technology, okay. Are you seeing any increase in competition -- can technology disrupt your mode or are hard assets the barrier to entry? Matthew Russell [ph], Goldman Sachs. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: FedEx has built arguably the most extensive global delivery network, probably in the history of transportation. And when you combine that with our technology and human assets, it's hard to conceive of a scenario where technology alone could be a disruptor. I mean, there is a definitely a trend in popular press to get carried away by the conversations around technology being the answer to every question. But the real, real answer is how we combine technology with physical and human assets that provides the value propositions that our customers are seeking. If we haven't already done so, I would highly encourage you to watch our short video on the subject at fedex.com/dream.
Fred Smith: So Raj, while we've got you on the skewer here, Scott Group wants to know and Kevin Sterling -- when do you think the post office will meaningfully raise rates? Is this a risk for you?
Raj Subramaniam: I don't think we can speculate on what USPS might or might not do. However, we do believe that the cost of last mile delivery will continue to increase in the years to come which will be an opportunity for FedEx.
Fred Smith: A question from Bascom Majors of Susquehanna and Helene Becker [ph] of Cowen. Are customers coming to you to discuss UPS strike contingency plans? How much of UPS volume could you accommodate if there is a strike? Dave Bronczek?
Dave Bronczek: Obviously, it's a timely question. However, we never actually comment about our competitor's issues or their business considerations. I do want to say something that is very important for our customers though. We will continue to provide outstanding service, for our customers we have capacity, only then -- and only then, if there is additional capacity, if there is a need, would we consider other alternatives for other customers. We will take care of our customers first like we always do, the way we ramp up for Christmas peaks and so forth, we can handle it and we're going to take care of our customers.
Fred Smith: We've got a question from Scott Schneibergur [ph] of Oppenheimer for David Cunningham. Could you please cover economic trends you're witnessing in Europe? And how they are impacting your business?
David Cunningham: As we talked earlier, we've seen a good growth and productivity in our results in the fourth quarter and we continue to expect to see the same.
Fred Smith: Could you please discuss FedEx progress and gaining share with small and medium sized customers? Also from Scott, so Raj would you or Don Colleran take that on?
Raj Subramaniam: We do not breakout the segment performance but what I can tell you is that we're making tremendous progress on the small and medium segment, and fiscal year '18 was particularly a very good year, as a banner year in fact. We have a fantastic value proposition around the world and only strengthened by the acquisition of TNT and which allows our commercial team which I believe is second to none to win more business every single day. As you can hopefully tell, we are very pleased with the result so far and we expect to accelerate our progress in this segment in the years to come.
Fred Smith: Raj, how about FedEx Fulfillment Service from Brian Isenbec [ph]. How about an update on that?
Raj Subramaniam: FedEx Fulfillment now has two major fulfillment centers operational in the United States, and that business continues to grow as we sign new customers, especially small and medium sized e-commerce companies were really looking to scale their business. We continue to enhance our offering to include additional marketplace integrations, better inventory management analytics and so on, and customers are responding very well to the service as FedEx Fulfillment gives them more flexibility to focus on what they do best while FedEx can focus on the supply chain needs.
Fred Smith: Brain also asked, and you might as well take this Raj; what's needed to facilitate a higher utilization rate of your retail and on-site network for customer pickups? And returns versus residential staff? Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: As I mentioned to you earlier, we are thrilled to have almost 11,000 convenient locations in the U.S. for customers to pick up the packages today. The three factors that drive it first, obviously is convenience and we are right there. The locations are open later in the evening, 700 of them are open in fact 24 hours. The second issue is around porch piracy; a recent survey showed that 75% of online shoppers were concerned about porch piracy and 45% have a package either stolen or known someone that has have their package stolen. So that's -- those are two very important factors. The third one probably or the medium to long-term is that as I mentioned to you, the cost of last mile continues to increase -- these locations will not only become a convenient location but also become an economic value for our customers.
Fred Smith: We have question here about ground efficiency in the MetLife program. They've been asking answer to otherwise, question about the recent rally in oil prices; could it push some shippers to lower service levels with fewer guarantees? Raj, do you want to take that?
Raj Subramaniam: I don't think so, I don't think that's going to be the effect but again, having said that we have a full portfolio of offerings including FedEx Trade Networks that allow us to optimize our offerings to our customer needs.
Fred Smith: So from Brain Issenbec [ph] to JP Morgan; what does the next chapter of technology and innovation look like? How close to commercial viability are the recently disclosed tracking sensors, block chain involvement and small drone test flights? So Rob Carter, you want to talk at least about first two of those?
Rob Carter: Yes, sure. The impact of innovations in the connected world, whether it's the Internet of Things and sensor-based logistics, mobility, block chain autonomy; all of those things are accelerating across the enterprise. If you look at sensor-based logistics and the announcements and the capabilities that we've shown in our new Bluetooth low energy sensors, that's resulted in a huge number of patent filings and really is a buyable technology in of [ph] itself today. What takes some time to rollout is the infrastructure and wifi networks, enrolling stock and an aircraft in order to martial all those sensors as they operate in the world. And then the backend systems that are needed to handle that volume of data. With regard to block chain, we're quickly seeing block chain capabilities moving towards production, primarily through our involvement in bit of the block chain and transport alliance. With new hundreds of participating companies, FedEx Freight is leading the charge there and are cheering the committee on standards for bidder and we have several applications that are working their way forward. And then lastly, with regard to drones -- drones are still really specializing in observation and inspection with sophisticated optics and their ability to look at aircraft and airframes. That's a very advanced capability that we're already using today but things like lift and range are limiting their use in transport although we're testing them in some of our larger ramp facilities to deliver parts to mechanics and things of that nature.
Fred Smith: Alan, just mentioned that integration cost will be higher than initially expected, we're saying higher than the $1.4 billion guidance from last year; how much? Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Alan?
Alan Graf: I'd say right now based on what we're seeing, it's more like $1.5 billion, $100 million more. If we find additional opportunities, we'll keep you posted on that but those are opportunistic as opposed to it's costing is more than we thought.
Fred Smith: I think that's all the questions that we have. There is one here from Ravi Shankar about Tesla semi's [ph]; I think we'll differ that. We haven't got them yet, we're looking forward to test [ph]. We test a lot of different things from a lot of different vendors. But Mickey, that completes all of the questions. So I turn it over to you.
Mickey Foster: Thank you. In closing, we continue to evolve our earnings call format to enhance your long-term strategic understanding of FedEx Corporation, and to make the most effective use of our time with analysts and investors. Beginning with the first quarter earnings call in September, we plan to streamline the process and improve the focus on our integrated strategies and consolidated financial results. Remarks by the management team will be briefed so we can concentrate on answering as many of your strategic questions as possible. To address those questions on an enterprise basis, the Company call participants will be Fred Smith, Dave Bronczek, Alan Graf, Mark Allen, Rob Carter and Raj Subramaniam. We will also file our 10-Q in post-recurring supplemental information simultaneously with our earnings release to offer investors more context and details around the financial and operating results rather than addressing those on the call. And also to address as many topics of interest as possible, we will consolidate similar questions. We are confident these changes will optimize the time with our investors. Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team, if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-03-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - VP, IR Fred Smith - Chairman, CEO Dave Bronczek - President and COO Alan Graf - EVP & CFO Mark Allen - EVP, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - EVP, FedEx Information Services and CIO Don Colleran - EVP, Chief Sales Officer, FedEx Corporation Raj Subramaniam - EVP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer David Cunningham - President and CEO of FedEx Express Henry Maier - President and CEO of FedEx Ground Mike Ducker - President and CEO of FedEx Freight
Analysts:
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any questions for the conference call, please e-mail them to ir@fedex.com. Only questions submitted by e-mail will be discussed on the call today. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon. And welcome to FedEx Corporation’s third quarter earnings conference call. Third quarter earnings release, 31-page stat book and earnings presentation slides are on our website at fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website, where the replay and slides will be available for about 1 year. Questions are welcome to our e-mail address which is ir@fedex.com. When you send your question, please include your full name and contact information. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the mostly directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Dave Bronczek, President and Chief Operating Officer; Alan Graf, Executive VP and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive VP, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive VP, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Don Colleran, Executive VP, Chief Sales Officer, FedEx Corporation; Raj Subramaniam, Executive VP, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer, FedEx Corporation; David Cunningham, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, Fred Smith will share his views.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome to our discussion of third quarter earnings first and most importantly by far we are very thankful that with no serious injuries from the package that was detonated earlier with our San Antonio, FedEx Ground Facility. FedEx has provided law enforcement extensive evidence from our advanced technology security systems, design to protect the safety of our team mates, our customers and the communities we serve. We continue to do assist authorities. Now moving to the businesses hand and specifically turning to the earnings, execution of long-term growth strategies, customer demand for the unique value of our broad portfolio of solutions and healthy growth in the global economy are driving our performance. We expect strong operating performance in that regard during the fourth quarter in each of our transportation segments and remain confident. We will improve the operating income at the Express segment by $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2017. We remain committed and optimistic about growing earnings, cash flows, returns and margins. Economic growth around the world remained broadly based and we expect U.S tax reform to continue to increase economic growth and investment. FedEx is concerned about the prospect of increased protectionist tariffs as history is shown repeatedly that protectionism is counterproductive to economic growth. The better approach is to encourage open markets and free exchange of products and services and to reduce barriers to trade. Congratulations to our team members around the world for another outstanding peak season, with record volumes and high service level. TNT integration efforts are accelerating and we are well positioned for profitable long-term growth due to investments in our network and people such as our recent commitment to $3.2 billion in wage increases, bonuses, pension funding and expanded U.S capital investment. FedEx is proud to be in the top 10 companies in Fortune magazine's world most admired lives and among its best companies to work for. We believe this reflects our team members' dedication through our purple promise, which states simply, I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. Now let me turn the call over to my colleagues for their insight, first up Alan Graf. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thank you, Fred. We included additional information in today's earnings release and I will provide additional detail during my discussion today about our third quarter due to unusually complex operating results and the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act or TCJA. We will also provide additional details today regarding our expected fourth quarter financial performance, given the complexities of the TCJA and third quarter results in order to help you understand the underlying performance of our businesses. Our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter, was $3.72 up 62% from the adjusted $2.30 last year, primarily due to benefits from the TCJA. Operating income increased slightly year-over-year to 1.11 billion, with higher base rates of each of our transportation segments, increase volumes in Ground and Freight and a favorable net impact from fuel. These improved results were impacted by the timing of significantly higher variable compensation accruals which were up 140 million in third-quarter. Variable compensation increased year-over-year due to sharing some of the benefits of U.S tax reform with employees as we announced on January 26th. Our improved outlook for FY '18 and the timing of recognizing expansion in FY '18 compared FY '17. Results were also impacted by higher peak-related costs that Express an adverse weather. Before I talk about the operating results for the segment, I’d like to mention the tax benefits in our gap results and say we’re significant this quarter we recorded benefit of 1.53 billion from the TCJA that this primarily includes a provisional benefit of 1.15 billion from the re-measurement of the Company's net U.S deferred tax liability for lower tax rate, which we have excluded from adjusted earnings. A benefit of approximately 200 million from an incremental pension contribution made in February and deductible against the Company's prior year taxes at 35% and a benefit of approximately 170 million attributable to the phase in of the reduced tax rate applied to the Company's year-to-date earnings. Contribution to our U.S. pension plans of 1.5 billion was debt financed. Our U.S. pension plans are currently fully funded. While the funding shows up on the financial statements as a reduction in operating cash flow it provide a tremendous immediate returns in terms of tax savings as well as lower PBGC premiums versus funding the plan at a later date. Turning to our segments and beginning with Express. Service levels of Express were excellent during peak; however, costs were impacted by lower-than-expected volumes during the first part of December and higher peak -related costs. For Express, operating income for the quarter primarily reflected by an estimated net negative impact of approximately $170 million year-over-year on the factors outlined in the release and listed on the slide. Ground’s operating income improved 23% to 634 million due to strong revenue growth and ongoing cost management partially offset by increased purchased transportation, seasonal staffing and network expansion costs, as well as higher variable compensation accruals. Ground margins increased 110 basis points to 12.1%. During peak record volume was delivered with exceptional service around highly automated and flexible network. We believe Ground results will continue to improve. Freights operating income increased 34% to 55 million, primarily due to higher LTL revenue per shipment, partially offset by higher variable compensation accruals. Freights continued efforts to better balance volume, pricing and capacity are paying off. We are also benefiting from an improving U.S. industrial economy. The adjusted earnings forecast for FedEx Corporation is now $15 to $15.40 per diluted share for FY '18. We expect Q4 operating profits to be up year-over-year for the Corporation and in all of our transportation segments. Our forecast for Q4’s adjusted operating margin is 11% to 11.8%, for FedEx Corporation. As Fred mentioned, we remain committed to our target of 1.2 billion to 1.5 billion in additional operating profit for the FedEx Express segment in FY '20 versus FY '17, which includes TNT synergies, as well as base business and other operational improvements across the global FedEx Express network. This target assumes current accounting rules and tax laws. All of our forecasts assume moderate economic growth before year end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustments, and exclude expenses related to the TNT integrations. Our FY '18 forecast also excludes the estimate of the re-measurement of the Company's net U.S. deferred tax liability and certain first quarter FedEx Trade Networks legal matters. On March 1st, we realigned our specialty logistics and e-commerce solutions in a new organizational structure under FedEx Trade Networks in the Express segment. The realignment improves our ability to deliver the capabilities of our specialty companies to customers. This realignment will benefit Ground and Freight margins and will negatively impact Express margins starting in Q4. As we announced in January from the enactment of the TCJA, we are advancing our 2018 annual pay increases for certain U.S. hourly workers by six months to April 1st from the normal October day, which will have an impact in our year-over-year salaries and wage expenses beginning in Q4. Our capital spending forecast for FY ’18 in now 5.8 billion down 100 million from the prior forecast due to lower projected capital spending at Ground. As we mentioned last quarter, we are optimizing CapEx to capture the benefits of 100% expensing to further grow and improve the business plans were underway to modernize our Indianapolis hub for Express, which is expected to cost 1.5 billion. We are also planning to modernize our Memphis hub for Express which is estimated to exceed $1 billion. Both of these projects will spend multiple years. These hub modernizations will bring substantial improvements and operational efficiency and reliability. For example, the Memphis project includes construction of the large new store facility with state-of-the-art store systems, construction of the bulk truckload building and a new area to improve handling of oversized shipments that continue to increase with the growth in e-commerce. During the quarter, Express entered into an agreement with Boeing to accelerate and delivery of one 777 Freighter Aircraft to FY ’19 and through to FY ’20, we will announce our FY ’19 CapEx forecast in June. Since our tax rates are fluctuating more than usual this year, I would like to provide some guidance for our estimated effective tax rates. All this guidance assumes no material impacts from future TCJA guidance or interpretation. Our adjusted FY effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 20% to 21%. The lower ETR range is due to the benefits from the TCJA combined with anticipated foreign tax benefits from our international and corporate structure. This range does not includes any impact from the items excluded from our FY '18 adjusted EPS forecast. In FY ’19, the TCJA lower corporate rate of 21% will fully phase in along with other tax cost also in acted as part of the new law, while we are still in the very complex modeling stage estimating these tax cost as we build our business plan we currently expect our FY ’19 ETR to be in the range of 25% to 26% excluding impact from MTM or mark-to-market pension accounting. The effective tax rate range for FY ’19 is expected to be higher due to tax benefits this year that will not reoccur in FY ’19. To sum it up we are expecting a great finish for the year we are meeting our profitability goals our investments are paying off and our outlook is bright. Now, I will turn the call over to Raj to talk about the success we are having with our revenue quality initiatives. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Thanks Alan. I will open with our economic update and outlook and discuss our revenue performance and business conditions in each segment and provide some commentary on broader industry trends and enhancements to the FedEx portfolio. We continue to see broad base growth in the global economy. In the U.S., tax reform is improving investment incentives and disposable incomes by measures of consumer and business sentiment are at the highest levels in years. As a result, our 2018 U.S. GDP forecast is a half point higher than last quarter. Internationally, trade and production growth are supporting solid momentum in the global economy. Last year's rebound in trade drove the best air cargo growth since 2010 with freight demand growing over three times faster than world GDP. Demand and outpace capacity addition for ’17 straight month. The next few slides show details of revenue, volume and yield performance by transportation segment. It is clear our pricing strategies that allow us to grow volumes increase yields across the portfolio show continued success. For our U.S domestic Express business, both revenue and yield increased 5%. Excluding the impact of fuel yield per package increased 3% due to our continued focus on revenue quality. FedEx international export package revenue increased double-digit to 10% year-over-year in Q3, primarily due to yield increase of 9% including fuel and exchange rate impact yields increase 2%. Ground segment revenue also saw a double digit increase at 11% in Q3 with volume and yield each up 6% as e-commerce continues to drive growth. Excluding fuel yield per package increased 5%. At FedEx Freight, LTL revenue per shipment increased 8%, mainly driven by our revenue quality efforts. Excluding fuel, LTL revenue per shipment was up 6%. Let me now discuss some exciting new enhancements that we have the FedEx portfolio. As we announced earlier today we’re going to increase our retail network footprint through the expansion of FedEx office location inside Walmart stores. We anticipate adding 500 office locations over the next two years. The strategic initiative between FedEx office and Walmart wrinkle brand even closer to busy consumers who are looking for reliable options for packing, shipping and receiving packages. Another new offering that is launched this month is FedEx Returns Technology. This is a solution that provides e-tailers with increased visibility, flexibility and efficiency around returns management. And for consumers, it enables simple and early credit for the returns at FedEx office locations as determined by their merchants. FedEx experienced record breaking volumes through our global network during the peak season much of that driven by growing in e-commerce shipments at FedEx Ground. This was the first peak season that we have more than 10,000 FedEx whole locations including FedEx office and well-known retailers such as Walgreens. We are pleased with how the retail network performed and expect this extensive convenience network to be a key part of e-commerce deliveries in the future. The approach we took on our peek pricing strategy of not applying a broad additional peak residential surcharge to all consumers or customers help us gain significant business in the small and medium customers segments. We’re proud of the strong service levels we provided to our customers during this record peak, and we are excited about the portfolio expansions that are rolling out. We will continue to innovate to provide our customers with great service and value. Let me now turn the call over to David Bronczek for his remarks. Dave.
Dave Bronczek: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon to everyone. We are proud to report improved adjusted results at FedEx. We are especially pleased with the results of FedEx Ground where we have improved our operating margin. FedEx Ground segment achieved double-digit percent growth in revenue and operating income receiving benefits from ongoing cost management effort and improved revenue quality through a balanced approach of volume and yield growth. We are also reducing our long-term CapEx plans better match capacity expansions with pricing and volume growth. And as Alan has already talked about FedEx Ground having a great year, we expect the fourth quarter segment operating margin at Ground of 17% to 17.5%. FedEx Express segment revenue growth of 9% was driven by our international business despite the lingering impact of the cyber attack. We continue to see a runway for opportunity in international for years to come. As Alan has said, Express had six factors that primarily affected profitability in the third quarter, but we expect the Express segment adjusted operating margin in the fourth quarter to be in the range of 9.9% to 10.4%. The underlying fundamentals of the business remain strong with higher base rates across the board and volume growth in both international and United States. As mentioned previously, we remain committed to our target of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in additional operating profit for the FedEx Express segment in FY '20 versus FY '17. I also want to provide an update on our TNT integration. As you know, this was the most significant acquisition in our company's history and dramatically improves our global capabilities and competitive posture. I'm happy to say that at TNT, we are seeing strong service levels and the integration is accelerating. A key element of our acceleration plan was to enable the flow of packages between the legacy TNT and FedEx systems prior to full integration. This allows us to direct volumes to the highest service but the lowest-cost networks. This capability is expected to be in place by May 31st of this year. We are accelerating the migration of the FedEx clearance operations and systems as well, retiring dozens of legacy TNT applications. Our investments in strengthening the IT environment continue on an accelerated pace. We have made significant investments to improve TNT information security posture and we’ll continue to do so. The integration of our global sales force originally expected to be complete in fiscal 2020 is now scheduled to be complete one full year early. During the third quarter, we accelerated the launch of customer migration activities in Europe and Asia by more than one full year. Now FedEx Freight continues to show improvement in revenue and profitability. As our pricing strategies drive revenue growth while investments in the network improve safety, efficiency and lower our costs. As I said just last quarter, we expect these improvements to continue. FedEx Freight is indeed having its best year in over a decade and we expect the Freight segment will finish the year with an 8% to 9% operating margin in the fourth quarter. Across the Corporation we're making progress or improving our margins, our cash flows, returns and earnings-per-share. We expect every segment will have year-over-year increases in operating income in the fourth quarter. And with that, we will now turn it over for your submitted questions.
A - Mickey Foster: Thanks you, Dave. We have several questions on the marketing front, which I'll ask Raj to answer. One, how important our FedEx fulfillment, FedEx supply chain and other logistics offerings is long-term strategy at FedEx? How attractive are contract, logistics end markets versus traditional carrier business that's from Brandon Belinsky of Barclays. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Our strategy is to really offer value-added services to our customers as the result in more volume through all our core transportation networks, and as Alan pointed out, we have recently completed a reorganization that allows us to offer a portfolio of solutions in a more seamless manner to our customers. And I also want to point out here that this is particularly important to our profitable as small and medium customers segment as they expand their e-commerce offerings.
Fred Smith: Our next question on marketing is from Ken Hoexter of BOA Merrill Lynch. Raj, also on postal commissions rule making hearing process and potential impact to industry rates?
Raj Subramaniam: Ken, FedEx is not participating in the PRC docket, but we expect to file rolling to be issued this year. However, we continue to monitor PRC regulatory developments with a review the pricing aspect of it, and we totally believe that over the cost of last mile delivery we will continue to go up in the years ahead.
Fred Smith: From Matthew Reustle, Goldman Sachs. Can you talk about your views on the future of consumer delivery? Do you think solutions such as FedEx onsite can represent a material percentage of the market relative to residential delivery?
Raj Subramaniam: Matt, we don’t view onsite in terms of percentage of residential market rather we would think it is the matter of customer convenience. What we know from the e-commerce demand as you can see this increase, those increasing demand from consumers to have convenient options where they can reliably receive their packages. In this context, we are very excited about the rollout of our FedEx onsite program. As I mentioned earlier, we have more than 10,000 FedEx onsite locations in the U.S. including FedEx office and we are dramatically increased our presence with Walgreen adding more than 8,000 locations in the last year alone. And we are very happy with the performance of this network so far. So let me add one other point. Technology solutions are also going to be critical in this regard I mean that why we are very excited about the fact that our FedEx delivery manager user base continues to grow significantly. Ultimately the combination of these things including our retail network or technology these things will result in win, win, win solutions for our shipper for our consumer and for FedEx.
Fred Smith: And I think I’m correct, the 2,000s Rite Aid at Walgreen acquired assume as they are rebranded and putting in the Walgreen system would be 2,000 additional onsite locations. Correct?
Raj Subramaniam: Yes, so they will get added in the next few months here.
Fred Smith: Let me gave Raj a breather and ask Dave Bronczek to answer a follow on question from Matthew Reustle. Where is competition most peers across your business segments today and as investments the only solution to offset this competition?
Dave Bronczek: Off course, we face competition across the globe all the time throughout our whole portfolio. The pricing environment is generally rational around the world, right news. We have made significant investments in people, our technology off course facilities over many years and it's paid off by creating large highly flexible and the most automated transportation network in the industry. These long term investments have differentiated FedEx from our competition, but we also have something else to differentiate us. It's our people and it's our culture, so thanks for the question Mathew.
Fred Smith: So, we have a question here on trade protectionism from Benjamin Hartford, which, I’m going to ask Raj to answer more fully. But I would like to do two things before I turn it over to Raj. I’m reasonably certain everybody is listening to this call, has some sort of electronic device in your hand a phone or an iPad or one sort or another. Go to your Google button. I mean, DEF meaning definition and then put in the word tariff for T-A-R-I-F-F by this table do it to. Once, you read Google dictionary there where it is, tariff, a tax or duty to be paid on a particular class or imports or exports. So make no mistake about it. The great benefits that Alan talked about due to the tax reform bill to some degree will be offset by increased taxes due to tariffs and if we have for national defense needs bigger aluminum or specialty steel requirement, we would suggest its FedEx as those would be bought by the government same way we buy F-35 Fighters or M1A paying respectfully. On the overall trading front, I'd like to give you a couple of numbers here that probably will surprise you. Our trade deficit in total goods and services 10 years ago was 4.9% of GDP, is now 2.9%, it's down by two percentage points of GDP for a couple major reasons. The first of which is fantastic technologies that are being employed in our oil and gas sector now, is called fracking which is reduced our dependence on imported petroleum very strategic in a law that of petroleum come from unstable and unfriendly parts of the world, owned by national oil companies of governments and aren't necessarily friendly to the West. And the second region that is gone down is that our trade surplus and services of which FedEx is a major component has gone up almost $300 billion over that 10 year period. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks and why I brought these two facts up. The correct way to go here is to deal with China on the issues with China, but overall it’s the lower trade barriers and the lower tariffs around the world, not to engage in less trade. At any case, Benjamin wants to talk about freight protectionism and more specific detail and ask to strength in the global air freight market largely increasingly trade protectionist tone from develop markets in recent months. One, are there any immediate thoughts on the direct impact of trade from the recently announced U.S steel and aluminum tariffs? And two, have you seen the shipper behavior change in relation to supply chain design, given the risk of reduce trade openness globally? Raj
Rob Carter: So Ben, we’ve not seen any quantifiable shipper behavior change based on the recent development in U.S trade policy. As I mentioned earlier, rebound in trade in 2017 drove the best air cargo growth since 2010. With all that being said as the Chairman just mentioned, we do continue to advocate against any move towards protectionist trade policies that could slow economic growth and undermine any -- undermine all the positive impacts from the tax reform legislation.
Fred Smith: Okay, let’s move on to some questions about Express. What are you doing now to prepare for peak that’s different from what you've done in the past? We’ll start with Dave Bronczek and then David Cunningham will amplify.
Dave Bronczek: Obviously, we’re very proud of our peak this year and we’ve been for many-many years, and I am going to make some general statements here, but I am going to have David Cunningham at Express, Henry Maier at Ground, and Mike Ducker at Freight, give a little bit more color to the answer but, generally speaking we conduct our formal reviews of our peak performance, really immediately after peak, which informs our actions for our coming years with our customers and with our employees going forward. We are fully leveraging our big data -- we have a lot of data of course, in the artificial intelligence we have and we ensure we develop plans and optimizes our customers' volumes, our capacities and our service. In this regard a big part of our success is the strong alignment of Don Colleran that leads our great sales and solutions team with our customers. Overall, we’re very pleased with our peak performance. We’ve said it before. I’ll say it again, it’s what we are pride ourselves on is our relationship with our customers and our service. And with that, I’m going to turn it over to David Cunningham to talk about Express.
David Cunningham: Thanks, Dave. I want to congratulate the Express team on the best peak service ever. In this age of e-commerce, our peak continues to evolve as the customers use both Express and our great Ground company to meet shipping needs. As Dave said, we saw our customers stay in the ground system longer this year. This resulted in lower peak volumes at Express and a more concentrated surge in a few days just before Christmas. Our peak planning is already underway and we’ll take the key learnings and dial that into next year’s plans to ensure great service, but improve efficiency and productivity.
Henry Maier: This is Henry Maier. I could not be prouder FedEx Ground teams performance this peak. Flawless execution in every aspect of the operation drove record holiday service performance. Which I might add, was greatly appreciated by shippers and holiday shoppers everywhere. In spite of record breaking volumes more than 54 million packages were delivered at least one day early. This stellar service performance was due to a number of factors. One, planning that started in January and included close coordination with customers every step of the way. Two, the network investments we've made over the last few years, resulting in the whole -- the most highly automated Ground network in North America, if not the world. Three, excellent recruiting, staffing, and employee training, leading up to the holidays. And four, the entrepreneurial real-time local decision-making with contracted service providers, which resulted in millions of outstanding customer experiences.
Mike Ducker: This is Mike Ducker. Let me just add a couple of brief comments. First of all, congratulations to the FedEx Freight team who had a tremendous peak season as well. As you know, it occurs a little bit earlier than does Ground or Express and as a result of that we were able to provide some support for our other operating companies during that critical time of the year adding to the overall performance of peak season so very pleased and again congrats to our team for the job well done.
Fred Smith: The next question is how is recently open Shanghai hub been performing and by the way if I didn’t give credit who asked the question about peak it was David Ross of Stifel he may have said it but just today the Cunningham house that recently open Shanghai hub been performing you called out the hub as a coal change turn what trends are you seeing in the healthcare industry and the region does this limit the amount of e-commerce demand the hub can handle this is from Helene Becker of Cowen?
David Cunningham: Well, the Shanghai hub is a fantastic modern automated facility with all of our latest technology the hubs are 134,000 square meter facility handling 66 flights like a process 36,000 packages and documents for our healthcare is an important value-added sector for FedEx and the coal chain capability of temperature control storage ranging from minus 22 to 25 degree siliceous is the key part of all of our new facilities.
Fred Smith: Also to you Dave what cost in network efficiencies do you anticipate gaining through the completion of the modernization and expansion project at your Memphis and the Minneapolis Express hubs? That's from Jack Atkins of Stephens. And a related question from Jerome Nathan of Daiwa, where are some of the opportunities you are seeing that automated increase capacity utilization at your Express facility?
David Cunningham: The investments in our Memphis and Indy hubs will modernize and automate these key facilities, big data and our real time ability to mind and improve efficiency and productivity of these facilities by directing packages most efficiently through the hubs. As Alan mentioned at Memphis where we'll have a new bulk truckload facility and oversize shipment handling capability plus automated sorting and secondary sorting capabilities. At Indy, we're increasing the box stored capacity from 111,000 packages to 147,000 packages per hour. We're putting in a small package short system of a 150,000 packages per hour and we will have increase international store capacity as well. These facilities will improve the reliability of our networks lower cost improve safety for better place to work for the 1,000s of team members to work in these operations.
Fred Smith: So Dave the last pre-submitted Express question in light of the strong demand environment in international export. Could you please update us on your progress managing capacity? Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.
David Cunningham: Commercial line haul continues to play an important role as we develop solutions to facilitate international growth ensuring we move the right traffic in the right network which enables us the growth of our priority products on the purple tail network by partnering with commercial carriers across various international gateways we are able to avoid flying empty space where we experienced in balanced trade flows such as the trans-Pacific eastbound lane. So we are experiencing constraints on some lanes we are constantly working to balance and right sizing network when compensatory revenue.
Fred Smith: Let’s turn to Ground now the one from Benjamin Hartford of Baird. Henry, do you still view mid teens is an appropriate segment EBIT margin target? If so, what is a reasonable timeline for achieving such a level, northeaster notwithstanding, and we're in the midst of the fourth when I guess. I mean I would say about too much about the target here as we announce this. I think the rate funny a side, how much of the incremental improvement in current levels is predicated internal opportunities versus external healthy is a peer pricing growth over the macro? Henry.
Henry Maier: Let me say I agree with Fred. Mother Nature here is not being too helpful for us in this business right now. Listen, I mean most of this is coming from the macro. Our business continues to be driven by strong volume and revenue growth, largely due to e-commerce. As I said before we believe our investments in what is today one of the most highly automated networks and North America, if not the world will continue to drive margin improvement as well as industry-leading service and our focus at this point in time is on maximizing utilization of those assets we've invested in and managing our existing capacity driving reduce CapEx.
Fred Smith: So, we move now to Freight, Kevin Sterling of Seaport Global. Are you seeing any spillover of TL Freight into LTL given the tightness we’re seeing in the truckload market? Mike Ducker?
Mike Ducker: Kevin, thank you. First of all the LTL volumes have been very strong, including good contractual renewals, our team is handling quite well. Truckload shipments 10,000 pounds will typically account for less than 2% of our total shipments and while there's been some tonnage growth it still remain a small share of our total tonnage, and we also have an excellent transportation management team assembled to monitoring in state takes steps to manage truckload volume, if that becomes necessary.
Fred Smith: So Mike, our rail service issues impacting your economy LTL offering? And that’s also from Kevin.
Mike Ducker: Kevin, as you well know, we have a very service sensitive product, therefore we think it's really important to negotiate contracts with good service quality, in them and we’ve done that with all of our key rail providers. Those providers are doing a great job for us as our rail on-time service levels have actually including overall, during the third quarter, and I think my partner, Henry at Ground has experienced similar strong service levels from our rail provider.
Henry Maier: Yes, we've had great service, not seen anything.
Fred Smith: So, this next question for Freight also. This question comes from David Vernon of Bernstein. In the past, FedEx has discussed Deming LTL Freight shipments. What is the status of those efforts? And what upside potential does the Company see on that front? Mike.
Mike Ducker: Thanks, David. We currently have about 90 dimensional standards and will soon be adding additional devices in many of Fred your service and across the network, those devices serve dual-purpose first of all they allow us to capture incremental revenue on shipments that are density based commodities. And secondarily, we capture information for costing system, so that we can more accurately develop pricing for our customers.
Fred Smith: And finally for Freight, how much volume, can the FedEx Freight network handle without significant real estate growth? And next from David Ross of Stifel.
Mike Ducker: First of all let me give a shout out to our planning teams, who have really done an excellent job in planning capacity in our network. We continue to make investments in the facility network and plan for the future; we add capacity by strategically by market. For example, we just open two new facilities in the Chicago land market this January that added over 400 additional doors in the market, bringing total doors in the area to 1,500. So we’re also investing in technology to improve the throughput in all the facilities that will provide additional capacity as well.
Fred Smith: Now, we had a number of pre-submitted questions, which we did not answer because they were covered in the press release itself or in the comments that were made by Alan, Raj and Dave. But we do have one technology question, which I’ll ask Rob Carter to answer before we turn to some of the questions that have come in since the call began. And that is, how well blockchain and use of cloud IT impact FedEx revenues and expenses? When will FedEx see this affect? And this is from David Campbell of Thompson Davis. Rob?
Rob Carter: First, as a reminder, I want to point you back to last quarter’s call where we discussed points around blockchain and our charter involvement with the blockchain in transportation alliance otherwise known as BiTA, as well as the Blockchain Research Institute. You can find those discussions in a little bit more detail on fedex.com from last quarter. Of note though, Fred and I will be joining Don Tapscott at Consensus, which is the blockchain preeminent conference in New York City in May. We’ll much more -- in a much more detailed fashion discuss blockchain initiatives. And how blockchain can impact so much about our business going forward? And you may want to look at that. With regard to cloud, our IT modernization initiatives are relentlessly focused on cloud technology. While technology offers significant advantages for business agility and cost, things like the ability to tap into elastic capacity, which allows us to provide compute capacity that grows with our peak seasons and our peak times in cloud environments, improved security, improved performance and scalability due to the modernization of these applications really horrific capabilities, and equally is important the proximity that cloud computing environments provide to our customers and our operations around the world. So the answer is, yes, we’re leaning heavily into cloud technology with all of our IT modernization initiative.
Fred Smith: From Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Capital expenditures in FY 2019 and 2020, as there’re offsets to the additional aircraft deliveries in FY ’19 and ‘20 in terms of total CapEx budget? Or should we add these to the $5.8 billion in FY 2018 in order to estimate the ballpark CapEx spend in FY '19 and ’20? CapEx spend in Ground likely be higher or lower in FY '19 and ‘20 compared to FY ’18? Alan?
Alan Graf: We have a varied assortment of CapEx pension tax rate and cash flow questions and I’m going to try to answer in two minutes. First of all remember that going forward we just made this huge pension contribution and as I said we’re fully funded. So I don’t believe at this point with the facts that I have today that we’re going to need to make a big pension contributions going forward not that we might elect to depending on circumstances but we don’t believe that’s going to be an issue. Obviously with the 100% expensing continuing and with the lower rate and improved off-shore earnings, our cash tax rate is going to continue to remain low for the forcible future. And we are going to have stronger earnings to all of those supports higher cash flows. As for CapEx, it’s really too early to talk about FY ’20 although I will say we do have a few increased aircraft deliveries schedule at Express for 20, which might have Express as bumped up. But we have projects at every single obstacle right now with great engineering and finance teams working together with the ops teams, we make our assets sweat more in the case of Express for example, we can use passenger ballets to augment our international capabilities. At Ground, we are going to see I think going forward reduce CapEx at ground as we look at a better ways to build out the network and still support the growth that we are anticipating that actually given lower cost. Same at Freight, going forward, I don’t think we are going to be needing to add as many doors for shipment as we have done in the past because of the great engineering work that’s going on there, and lot of these we will talk about later on in the next several months as we go forward, but as I said, I would talk about FY '19 in June. I would just say this I don’t think it’s going to be much different at all than '18 is going to be. And as I said 20 might have a pick-up because of aircraft delivery. So from a cash flow standpoint, I think we are in fantastic condition.
Fred Smith: So Tom added another question here, which I think we need to answer. Incentive compensation likely to be a significant year-over-year headwind to EPS and FY for fourth quarter FY ’18 somewhere magnitude to the headwind and in third quarter, Tom, I think that nature of the question indicates a bit of a misunderstanding about this. AICs now will be a headwind in the fourth quarter because and the weather will just stop the four quarters are gangbusters and because of all the noise that’s why, we gave you this onetime special deal of showing you what the anticipated segment margins are going to be in the fourth quarter. So what happened here is when tax reform took place and we felt that was appropriate to do all of the things that we have described to you. What that required us to do is to pick up AIC which had been reduced because of NotPetya, and then it was put back in the third quarter for the Company as a whole and off course especially effected the FedEx Express rate. So on a go forward basis it’s baked in and the fourth quarter you can do the math with the range for the year that Alan gave you it’s going to be in the numbers and the quarter should be quite good year-over-year for all of the segments. Again, I will give the caveat because if we are in the midst of some sort of weather system where the northeast or it's going to July, that’s a different matter, but we’re fairly confident that they will be at the end of that. Now, there is question from Jeff Kaufman of Tahoe ventures about electric vehicles for commercial trucks and the OEM following suit. What’s FedEx view on the emerging green technologies and where is the Company in terms of adoption and commitment to green technologies? Does FedEx believe these technologies are ready to meet company's needs? First of all, I would recommend to you Jeff that you go on our website and read FedEx's social responsibility report, which shows our enormous efforts in terms of environmental efficiency in many, many different areas. And specifically to the issue of the commercial trucks, I’m going to ask Mike Ducker, if you'd just comment on that for a second.
Mike Ducker: Yes and as a matter fact, this company has long been known for its innovations. So we’re on the waiting edge of many of these technologies and we believe that the faster adoption of those will greatly improve efficiency and customer experience in the trucking industry. So were heavily invested in our safety systems and artificial intelligence with many companies that are using advanced drivers systems that include turning Telematics and many other features. So we're working hard on the new technologies that are coming out to adopt and use the advantages that they provide for our system. Tesla as a matter of fact soon to be announced that we will be purchasing some Tesla electric vehicles in the near future. Small order, but we think they will have great benefit in our system were testing them in the near future as soon as we can get them off the line.
Fred Smith: So here is a couple of related questions, I’m willing to pass on to Dave Bronczek and David Cunningham, I’ll give you overarching comments first, from Todd Fowler of KeyBanc. Please discuss what drove the decline in international and U.S domestic volumes within Express segment in the quarter? How important is volume growth in achieving FY 2020 profit improvement plan? The second is from Jack Atkins of Stevens. To what degree was the June cyber attack at TNT negatively impact 3Q results? I guess it did negatively impact 3Q results at Express and would you expecting the lingering impact in the fourth quarter. Now, I think the question from Todd and Jack and I’m going to ask again Dave and David Cunningham to amplify this, reflects a bit of a misunderstanding here and that please recall that when we started this year, we told you that we were no longer going to be talking about Express and TNT. So the numbers that are in the Express segment now are the combination of the two. So the reality is the FedEx Express volumes are growing, but the TNT volumes were adversely affected by NotPetya, and we are now going back up to two to where we would have been had this attack not happening. And let me again give enormous thanks to our sales, our customer service, and particularly our IT professionals that did the most unbelievable job of recovering from this attack which the which the U.S. government now says was a government or government sanctioned attack on the Ukraine and TNT was just a side victim of it. So, the fourth quarter will I think began to show these in a more granular fashioned, but it’s we're not seeing a decline in Express traffic in the fourth quarter. We will have recovered most of the NotPetya volume from TNT now. Put some meat on the turkey.
Dave Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave. Freights are 100% right. The reason that actually we went through all of these detail we did in the fourth quarter along with all the reasons that Alan talked about in the tax reform still is to give you an idea of where the fourth quarter is forecasted to be which is significantly different and better than the Q3 numbers. In my comments I said that they could run up to potentially 10.4% operating profit margin at Express that’s actually very strong revenue across all other Express so reasonably put in Q3 and put in the six items that effected Q3 by falling away was the variable comp and so on it was because of the reason that you just suggested that we talk about Q4 and its very strong in Q4. David?
David Cunningham: Yes, I just had a couple of comments to look for Dave just have I think first thing you got to remember is that the effects in Q3 were mostly one-off type of effects. Q4 ends up being a seasonally strong quarter and we’ve already told you what that’s going to be. Our TNT network was fully restored and back to business as usual as of the end of 2017. The recovery of the business over the last five months has been remarkable and given the value preposition of the TNT road network our Freight volumes have been strong and we are experiencing solid growth in these products. The cyber attack continues to had a lingering effect in the third quarter and our existing customer base has not fully restored all volumes as they continue to gain confidence in our ability to provide service and recovery of our business our outstanding performance during peak is evidence of the strength of our network and our recovery and our sales teams are leveraging this in the fourth quarter and growing and winning business.
Fred Smith: Okay, question from Ken Hoexter BOA Merrill Lynch. In this robust growth, e-commerce market, why were deferred volumes up only, only a 10th of percentage on 1% growth comp and yields negative? Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Ken. I believe you are talking about the differed in Express and really our volumes are impacted by the way we managed one large customer whose volume was at forecasted levels look at the base volume grows underlying basis especially in the small and medium customer segments we saw a very robust growth and by the way don’t forget the strong growth we saw in the ground segment which also carries e-commerce traffic.
Fred Smith: Here is one from Scott Group, Wolfe Research. Now that Express includes GenCo and Custom Critical, do you plan to update your Express long term guidance? Scott, we did. We told you that we intend to increase our Express earnings from FY '17 to FY ’20 by $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. So it hopes that clarifies it. A question from Christian Wetherbee of Citi, how much of the year-over-year ground margin expansion expected in FY 4Q as is driven by reclassification? How much of this from core improvements? Henry?
Henry Maier: Core improvements represent about 100 basis points margin.
Fred Smith: Here is one again about Express 3Q and 4Q. I hope I explained that six items with a big part of it was variable compensation when we decided to positive tax act, as Alan described to you, increase wages for hourly teammates and we had the benefit of the tax bill and so obviously we’re not going to penalize our participants in our AIC program, which are thousands of our frontline managers. It required a refunding if you will of the AIC in the third quarter. So the fourth quarter it's essentially normalized. Ravi Shanker what was the strategic rationale for putting FedEx office locations or FedEx Walmart locations whether strategic rationale Ravi is because they will make us more money, but the broader point you may want to serve for customer pickup and drop-off are also served as Omni-channel service points. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Ravi, I think the strategic initiative that we have with Walmart goes up on a shared goal of providing customer convenience and value. That's really makes lot of us can save time and money as Chairman talked about. As I mentioned earlier this is an opportunity to serve our consumers who want, we’re seeking secure reliable options for packing shipping and receiving packages.
Fred Smith: So Scott Schneeberger would ask a similar issue about the financial impact of adding FedEx office 500 Walmart stores. I think that obviously as a bow wave of small proportion when you open these things. But remember we said in our press release. If you read it, we tested these at 47 locations. We have a rapid paybacks. So this is going to be inconsequential on the expense side in the near term and I think quite a important channel for us in our retail and customer convenience channel in the next several years. After the opening expenses are in essence covered, but they're not significant in the scheme of the Company the size. And we got three questions from Brian Ossenbeck, Matthew Troy and Allison Landry about DHL's launch of their new service. So I'll ask Raj and Dave if they want to comment on that and then I'll turn the floor back over to Mickey and we've exhausted all of your question? Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: So Brian, Matt, Ellison thank you for your question. We don't comment on specific competitive strategies, but there are multiple new test in pilots were companies are considering variations of crowd sourcing or other options for last mile delivery. As you know e-commerce increasing demand for last mile delivery but operational cost safety and brand considerations of final mile delivery that need to be factored into the ultimate potential of any new offering. Now FedEx has unique capabilities regarding, we will continue to work with retailers to provide a differentiated value preposition and ultimately as superior service to the end consumer.
Fred Smith: Dave?
Dave Bronczek: Yes, the only thing I would add because Raj is off course right I mean we focus here at FedEx on our customers and our strategic value preposition, and I would direct you to our dream video that’s out there we have it out there and so you should take a look at that. I think it’s very self explanatory. That’s how we feel about our business and everybody else’s that we can be with.
Fred Smith: Yes, I think that’s a wonderful way to end up before I turn it back to Mickey. I'd urge all of you who've not done, the FedEx e-commerce video at fedex.com/dream it's 2.37 seconds long and it could can tell you in that 2.37 seconds, what it would take us an hour to tell you. So, thank you for your participation and Mickey close it out.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team, if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-12-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Vice President, Investor Relations Frederick Smith - Founder, Executive Chairman & CEO David Bronczek - President and Chief Operating Officer Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and CFO Mark Allen - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Robert Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO Donald Colleran - Executive Vice President, Chief Sales Officer Rajesh Subramaniam - Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer David Cunningham - President and CEO, FedEx Express Henry Maier - President and CEO of FedEx Ground Michael Ducker - President and CEO of FedEx Freight
Analysts: Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank Tom Wadewitz - UBS Scott Group - Wolfe Matt Troy - Wells Fargo Lee Klaskow - Bloomberg Intelligence Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Jairam Nathan - Daiwa Christian Wetherbee - Citi Todd Fowler - KeyBanc Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Matthew Ruestle - Goldman Sachs David Campbell - Thompson Davis Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Brian Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch David Ross - Stifel
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any questions for the conference call, please e-mail them to ir@fedex.com. Only questions submitted by e-mail will be discussed on the call today. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: [Technical Difficulty] The second quarter earnings release, 31-page stat book and our earnings presentation slides are on our website at fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website, where the replay and slides will be available for about 1 year. Written questions are welcome via e-mail. Our e-mail address is ir@fedex.com. When you send your question, please include your full name and contact information. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance, may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Dave Bronczek, President and Chief Operating Officer; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Allen, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Don Colleran, Executive Vice President, Chief Sales Officer, FedEx Corporation; Raj Subramaniam, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer, FedEx Corporation; David Cunningham, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Frederick Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good afternoon, and welcome to our webcast and conference call to discuss second quarter earnings. Strategic execution by the FedEx team and a stronger global economy drove improved financial results, and we believe we are well positioned for profitable long-term growth. Alan will provide further insight and our outlook. FedEx is on track for another record holiday shipping season and we're pleased to say the outstanding service around the world and across our portfolio during the second quarter has continued into December. We plan year round to meet the intense challenges of the peak season as average daily volumes can more than double with heavy demand for residential e-commerce deliveries. Most important, let me thank the more than 400,000 FedEx team members around the world for their outstanding efforts to keep our Purple Promise, which is simply stated, I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. It's become increasingly clear to all of us that trust and reliability matter to customers when they choose who will be delivering packages to their doors. Size, reach, speed and reliability of our networks and the strength of the FedEx brand have great value around the world. Raj will have more to say about peak and macroeconomic trends. We're very proud of the progress the FedEx team has made in recovering from the effects of the cyberattack at TNT. Let me express our appreciation to the thousands of FedEx professionals who worked around the clock and tirelessly to mitigate this unprecedented event. Dave will update you in his discussion of overall global operations. We expect yield and volume growth at all of our transportation segments will support revenue and earnings growth in the second half of fiscal 2018. Our plans remain on target to improve operating income at the FedEx Express segment by $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2017. And our goal remains to increase earnings, margins, cash flows and returns, and we are confident we can do so. We're encouraged by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act legislation advancing in Congress at this very moment. This legislation offers pro-growth, pro-business tax reform solutions that will power the economy, increase business investment, expand job opportunities, and enhance incomes and improve U.S. competitiveness. We, at FedEx, hope all of you have a wonderful holiday season. And now let me turn the call over to Alan.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Fred, and good afternoon, everyone. Our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter was $3.18, up 15% from an adjusted $2.77 last year. This year's and last year's quarterly consolidated earnings were adjusted for TNT integration expenses of $0.33 and $0.18 per diluted share, respectively. As reported and adjusted second quarter earnings this year reflect the estimated negative impact from the TNT cyberattack of $0.31 per diluted share. Results for the quarter improved primarily due to higher base rates, volume growth and a favorable net impact from fuel at each of our transportation segments. Second quarter results also include a tax benefit of approximately $80 million or $0.29 per diluted share from foreign tax credits associated with the dividend paid from our foreign operations. Our effective tax rate was 32% for the quarter and 35.4% for the first half. Turning to the segments and starting with Express. Adjusted operating income increased 11% to $813 million, driven by revenue growth and positive net impact from fuel and continued cost efficiencies. Adjusted operating margin improved 20 basis points to 8.7%. The cyberattack at TNT impacted our as-reported and adjusted results by an estimated $100 million for the Express segment, primarily from loss of revenue due to decreased shipments in the TNT network. As we noted last quarter, we are accelerating portions of our TNT integration as a result of the cyberattack. TNT integration expenses for the second quarter were $96 million for Express and are included in the GAAP results. Despite the challenges from the cyberattack, total international average package volume increased 5%. At Ground, operating income increased 12% to $521 million, and operating margin increased to 10.6%. Operating results improved due to revenue growth, partially offset by higher purchase transportation, network expansion and staffing cost, as well as increased self-insurance reserves. Ground continues to work on further restraining costs. At Freight, operating income increased 34% to $118 million, driven by a 7% increase in LTL revenue per shipment. Freight's operating margin improved 120 basis points year-over-year to 6.7% as revenue quality initiatives continue to benefit results. For FedEx Corp., we are increasing our FY '18 forecast due to enhanced revenue quality, solid demand trends and our success in restoring business impacted by this summer's cyberattack. We expect to see improved financial results in the second half. Yield and volume growth at all of our transportation segments are expected to support revenue and earnings growth in the second half prior to any mark-to-market benefit plan adjustments. In addition, we are implementing various cost reductions at Ground for the remainder of FY '18. We expect ongoing but diminishing financial impacts from the cyberattack in the second half of fiscal '18 in the form of lower revenues. The earnings forecast before year end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustments and excluding expenses related to TNT Express integration and certain first quarter FedEx Trade Networks legal matters is now $12.70 to $13.30 per diluted share for FY '18. This forecast assumes moderate economic growth, current U.S. tax laws and continued recovery from the cyberattack. Our capital spending forecast for FY '18 is still $5.9 billion although this may increase if the Tax Cut and Jobs Act is enacted. The TNT integration continues, spanning over 200 countries. By the end of FY '20, we plan to have combined pickup and delivery operations at the local level, one global and regional air and ground network and consolidated operations, customs clearance, sales and back office information technology systems. We now expect the integration expense over 4 years to be approximately $1.4 billion, including restructuring charges. Approximately $450 million of that expense is expected in FY '18. Our estimate for the integration expenses has increased due to our acceleration of the integration process and additional investments to move TNT information technology, operations and commercial infrastructure through a FedEx platform. In addition, we have identified new opportunities to improve our integrated business capabilities for greater profitability in periods beyond FY '20. A portion of the incremental integration expenses relates to establishing a new international corporate structure so that we may leverage synergies to maximize our international profitability, ultimately benefiting our effective tax rate. We remain committed to our target of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in additional operating profit for the FedEx segment in FY '20 versus FY '17, which includes TNT synergies, as well as base business and other operational improvements across the entire global FedEx Express network. This target assumes moderate economic growth, current accounting rules and U.S. tax laws and continued recovery from the cyberattack. Our effective tax rate forecast is now 33% to 34% before year end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustments. We have lowered the upper end of the range. None of our forecast reflect any potential changes from tax reform. So turning to tax reform. I know there are a lot of questions about possible changes for us as a result of that. So let me cover as much as I can. We welcome the possibility of lower corporate tax rate, a territorial tax system and 100% expensing of qualifying capital if these provisions are signed into law. Any capital acceleration for FedEx would primarily be for replacement of equipment and technology. If tax reform is enacted, we expect our uses of cash from tax savings would include, optimizing CapEx to capture the benefits of 100% expensing to further grow the business and create even more upward mobility for our team members. Funding our pension plans beyond our current forecast. Increasing the dividend as our board may approve. Continuing our stock repurchase program at our current modest levels, and investing in M&A where it makes sense. As Raj will discuss, U.S. GDP could increase materially next year as a result of U.S. tax reform. If this occurs, we would likely increase capital expenditures and hiring to accommodate the additional volumes triggered from this incremental GDP growth. If the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is enacted as set forth in the Joint Conference Report, we estimate our earnings per share could increase by $4.40 to $5.50 per diluted share for FY '18 before mark-to-market year end pension accounting adjustments, primarily due to the revaluation of our net deferred tax liabilities. This range also includes an estimated $0.85 to $1 per diluted share due to a lower tax rate on fiscal 2018 earnings for the last 5 months of fiscal '18. As we have stated many times in the past, we would like to see a level playing field for corporate taxes. This tax reform bill would go a long way in making U.S. based corporations more competitive globally. We have delivered great service levels again this peak thanks to our careful forecasting and planning that results from working closely with our customers to manage record setting seasonal volumes and also thanks to the dedication of hundreds of thousands of team members all over the world that make this happen. Now we'll turn the call over to Raj.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Thank you, Alan, and good afternoon, everyone. I will open with our economic update and outlook and discuss our revenue performance and business conditions in each segment and provide some commentary on broader industry trends and enhancements to the FedEx portfolio. We see moderate growth in the global economy. Our U.S. forecast is up slightly on solid current momentum. Consumer confidence is at a 17-year high, and solid PMI readings show the industrial sector is expanding. Passage of U.S. tax reform could add materially to next year's U.S. GDP forecast. Globally, our world GDP forecast for this year and the next reflects the best growth since 2011 with a synchronized global upturn supporting trade volume growth. The next few slides show details of revenue, volume and yield performance by transportation segment. Overall, it's clear that our pricing strategies allow us to grow volumes and increase yields across the portfolio and are succeeding in doing so. For our U.S. domestic express business, revenue and yield increased 6% and 5%, respectively. Excluding fuel surcharge, the yield per package increased 3% due to our continued focus on revenue quality. Despite the impact of cyberattack at TNT, FedEx International export package revenue increased 7% year-over-year in Q2, and yield increased 4%. Excluding fuel and exchange rate impact, yields declined slightly. The Ground segment revenues saw double-digit growth at 12% in Q2 with volume and yield up as well, as e-commerce continues to drive growth. Excluding fuel, the yield per package increased 4%. At FedEx Freight, the revenue per LTL shipment increased 7% mainly driven by our revenue quality efforts. Excluding the impact from fuel surcharge revenue, revenue per LTL shipment was up 5%. Turning to peak. I wanted to provide some very exciting updates. As Fred mentioned, we are proud of the terrific service we have provided even on some of the busiest days in the history of FedEx. We continue to experience many of the trends that have been growing in recent years: the increased demand for larger, heavier packages; and heavy demand on Mondays. Thanks to the close collaboration with our customers, we were able to plan and engineer our networks and provide excellent service. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank our more than 400,000 team members around the world who are continuing to work hard to deliver the holidays during the home stretch of the season. Our team members are the best in the business, and they're always focused on one thing: delivering an outstanding experience for our customers. As e-commerce continues to grow, customers are looking for new options for access to FedEx. This year, we have dramatically increased our retail access with approximately 8,200 locations added to the FedEx Onsite network with well-known retailers, including Walgreens. Customers can drop off pre-labeled FedEx Express and FedEx Ground shipments or returns. They can also redirect shipments to hold at a FedEx Office or a FedEx Onsite location for pickup. We now have a convenience network of over 10,000 locations, including Walgreens, Kroger, Albertsons, FedEx Office, and other participating locations. And for those procrastinators, here's a saving grace: pickup is now available on Christmas Day in the vast majority of more than 7,500 Walgreens locations. Our presence has never been stronger during peak than it is today. We also encourage customers to use FedEx Delivery Manager options to direct packages, thousands of secure and convenient hold locations. Enrollments have almost doubled year-over-year, and the percentage of residential deliveries being delivered to FedEx Delivery Manager enrollees have almost doubled as well. We also have a unique strategy for peak pricing this year but we are not applying an additional peak surcharge to all residential packages, only oversized packages or packages that require additional handling. This strategy was different from others in the marketplace, but we felt it is important to be mindful of our small and medium customers. Obviously, peak is not over but we have seen very good traction with the small and medium customers, and we will continue to monitor and measure the informal pricing decisions for next year's peak season. Once again, we are very proud of the results across the portfolio in the second quarter and the outstanding service provided so far this peak season. We believe we are well positioned for the remaining days leading up to Christmas and look forward to helping the holidays arrive once again for our customers around the world. Let me now turn the call over to Dave for his remarks. Dave?
David Bronczek: Okay. Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. I also want to thank all of our more than 400,000 team members for their dedication year-round and especially in these days leading up to Christmas. These team members are working right now. They're on the road, they're in the air, and they're probably at your doorstep delivering the holidays around the world. We are proud to report improved financial and operational results, driven by strength across the FedEx portfolio. This success results from incredible collaboration among sales, marketing and operations. Operations, of course, is our frontline, picking up, sorting, delivering packages all over the globe. But FedEx has some of the smartest minds in the industry in sales and marketing, working with our customers every day, all year long, constantly innovating our service and marketing our portfolio around the world. First, let me start off with FedEx Express. They grew their revenues and profits, as Alan just mentioned, despite the impact of the TNT Express cyberattack. The underlying fundamentals of the business remained very strong, with higher base rates and growth in international package and freight services. Cost efficiencies are also improving. For example, we continue to see higher aircraft fleet reliability, which increases our productivity. I'm also very happy to say that at TNT, we are seeing strong service levels, and operations are back to normal after the June cyberattack. The IT recovery process is complete. We have improved our reliability, we have improved our security, and we are also increasing our investments to expedite portions of the integration process. While we have been successful in our efforts so far, restoring the full confidence of our customers is our key goal. We expect the impact of the cyberattack on our financial results to diminish in our fiscal second half. Our focus remains on service to our customers, course our customers' priority and hardening our IT environment. The successful integration of TNT and FedEx Express remain a key driver for the FedEx Express FY '20 operating income improvement target of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion over FY '17 results, which we are now reaffirming. Next, FedEx Ground achieved significant growth in revenue and operating income. We're starting to benefit from the cost-cutting measures we are implementing to address the evolving business conditions. We are improving revenue quality and reviewing long-term capital plans to balance capacity expansion with pricing and volume growth. From a service perspective, we are having the best peak ever at FedEx Ground. I should add we are having the best peak ever at FedEx Express and FedEx Freight. We are also pleased that Bob Henning has joined the FedEx Ground team in Pittsburgh as the CFO there. Bob's experience in strategic finance coupled with the FedEx Ground team's immense knowledge of Ground operations and the industry trend will be instrumental as we chart our course for the future. And finally, last but certainly not least, FedEx Freight stands out with tremendous growth in revenue and profitability as we benefit from disciplined pricing strategies and investments to improve safety and efficiency. We expect this to continue and look for this segment to have one of its best years in over a decade. With our global portfolio, we're confident of our ability to achieve our goals, which include increasing our earnings, increasing our margins, cash flows and returns. And with that, we will answer your submitted questions, and I'll turn it back over to Mickey.
Operator:
A - Mickey Foster: Okay. We have submitted questions from the Internet.
Frederick Smith: Okay. Mickey, let me take a few that came right in as they apply directly to a couple of the remarks that were made, and then we have a list of questions that came in before the meeting that we assigned people to answer. So Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank, Tom Wadewitz of UBS and Scott Group of Wolfe all would like more clarity about Alan's comments about the increase in TNT integration expense. So Alan?
Alan Graf: I'll start, then I'll turn it over to David Cunningham. If the concern is, are we going to get the return on the additional investment of $800 million, the answer is clearly yes. Somo of that will come beyond the FY '20 period as I mentioned in my earlier remarks. You should also know that we're spending a significant amount on our tax structure that is below the line, and that will have benefits even with the new -- if the new tax law passes. That will be substantial and that we never quantified for you in the $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. So I'm convinced that we're doing the right thing here. A lot of this was a result of the cyberattack, where we decided to move much more aggressively on hardening and turning the FedEx platforms, and I think David Cunningham and Rob Carter can add a little color to that.
David Cunningham: Well, I mean, Alan, there's not a lot to add in terms of what you just said. I would just add that we are convinced that the additional spending is going to generate results well beyond the $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in the marketplace.
Robert Carter: The only thing I'll add and just very concisely is on the heels of the cyberattack, we've become much more aggressive about improving the security posture, reliability and speeding up the integration of the technology platforms. We've been successful on all three fronts. Dave mentioned those, but we're going very aggressively at moving the TNT enterprise to the more stable and reliable FedEx systems.
Frederick Smith: Okay. That was Rob Carter, our CIO, who just spoke there. I'm not sure he said - that he was entering there, but he obviously knows [what all he speaks] [ph].
Frederick Smith: Now we have three questions about tax, cash flows and CapEx. Matt Troy of Wells Fargo, about CapEx levels on an absolute dollar basis over the next three years, will it decline? Ravi Shanker, over the proposed tax resolution, did your free cash flow performance or free cash flow go up as much as EPS? And finally, from Lee Klaskow of Bloomberg Intelligence, will FedEx recognize further foreign tax credits in the remainder of FY '18?" He asked, will it be similar to the $80 million in 2Q? Alan, why don't you answer that last one and then talk about free cash flow…
Alan Graf: Okay. We don't plan to recognize anymore foreign tax credits this year. Things can change, but I think we've done the plan that we need to do for this point. Obviously, Matt's and Ravi's questions are related. I think that with 100% expensing, as I've said at several of the last meetings that if we got that in the new tax law, we would likely increase our CapEx on an absolute basis. One of the most important things that we're doing in the company is our fleet – re-fleeting that Express. And if there's possibility to accelerate that, it's the highest return project that we have out there and it's something we would look at. So Ravi, I'm not sure how you define free cash flow, but in my opening comments, I did mention that we plan to make additional pension fund contributions. And the way I measure it, that would be a reduction in free cash flow. Although since it's optional, some people don't count that. Having said that, it won't go up as much as EPS because of what I said about CapEx. I hope that gives you the color that you need.
Frederick Smith: Okay. Let's turn to some of the questions that were submitted in advance. Helane Becker would like to know about the two recent feeder aircraft that we ordered, the Cessna C408, the new airplane, and the ATR 72-600 large cargo door airplanes are they growth or replacement aircraft or both. And Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch would like to know how big of a CapEx program this is. So David Cunningham?
David Cunningham: [Technical Difficulty] as replacement capital and a part of our fleet modernization. Our current fleet of ATRs and 208s are 25 to 26 years old and will be approaching 30 years by 2020 when we take the first deliveries. These are twin-engine aircraft with modern glass cockpits, large cargo door, which is different than the others. And they are also containerized versus being bulk-loaded. And so we're creating a lot of efficiency but we're also creating the opportunity to handle product to markets that we haven't been able to handle in some of the smaller aircraft to this point. So we're very excited about this. The capital is roughly equivalent to one wide-body aircraft per year. And the orders of the aircraft that we're talking about are 408s, 50 orders and 50 options. The ATRs are 30 and 20. So in terms of the ATRs, we're talking about 6 aircraft per year. And the 408s, we're talking about 12 aircraft per year.
Frederick Smith: The next questions are about Ground margins, also from Helane Becker, wanting to know, does it make sense to continue invest in long-term Ground facilities? Jairam Nathan of Daiwa, how do you see FedEx capacity to handle e-commerce deliveries given the stronger-than-expected growth this year? Should we expect another expansion binge?
Frederick Smith: I'm not sure we've ever binged on expansion. I think they've been pretty well-planned. That's a joke. And CapEx, well, it increased as growth rates surpassed expectations. So I'm going to ask Henry to take both of those.
Henry Maier: Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for the questions. Our investments in capacity and automation over the last several years have enabled our industry-leading service, including at the busiest times of the year, and we believe reliable service is a key factor in our continued growth. However, we're approaching a transition point where you will begin to see us dial back network expansion CapEx as we complete certain critical capacity projects already underway. And we can do this while still effectively serving the growing e-commerce markets because automation and technology improves efficiency, productivity and utilization of network capacity.
Frederick Smith: So we have another question on Ground. What are the specific steps and financial benefits you can take to improve Ground margins to mid-teens? Christian Wetherbee of Citi.
Frederick Smith : I'll just say we have all kinds of plans at Ground to improve the margins there, and we're confident we can do so. But none of these tax things, we would be willing to discuss with the general public.
Frederick Smith: Is there a general range for the cost savings on delivering to a drop-off location versus home delivery? What percent of Ground shipments are going to pickup and drop-off locations currently? Todd Fowler of KeyBanc. Raj, do you want to take that?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Yes. Todd, thank you for the question. We don't break out the operational cost for pickup and delivery or percentage of volume for FedEx Onsite or FedEx Office. But as you can imagine, delivering multiple packages to a retail location is far cheaper than delivering a single package to a home. But the real key here is the advantage of FedEx Onsite is the convenience that we provide for our customers and ultimately providing a win-win-win solution for the shipper, the consumer and for FedEx. As an example, porch piracy is a significant concern that can be allayed by the service. Now as I mentioned already, we have more than 10,000 FedEx Onsite locations, and we are very, very pleased with the usage trends that we have seen so far. Thank you.
Frederick Smith: So Alan, got one here from Chris Wetherbee from Citi about the EPS estimate for the TNT cyberattack. Alan?
Alan Graf: So Chris, you asked a question about - is $1.20 still a good estimate for the year? We've had $1.10 in the first and second quarters, but it dropped significantly from the first quarter to the second quarter. So I'm not sure it's even going to be worthy of us discussing the second half of the year. So that's the best answer I can give you at this point.
Frederick Smith: So we have a number of questions now on Amazon and e-commerce from Keith Schoonmaker of Morningstar. Given the high cost of residential deliveries and capacity stress from handling peak demand, is it actually beneficial to have some customers take in-house some of their deliveries? Or is the detrimental effect on delivery density a stronger negative than the demand relief?
Frederick Smith: We've talked about this yesterday. We're not 100% sure exactly what the question is, but let me give a broad explanation of how we deal with these issues, and I think it will answer the question that you have in mind. As I've said on a number of occasions, and Dave Bronczek's gone into a lot detail on this, as has Henry Maier and Raj, the secret in our business is to, one, effectively match commercial and residential deliveries so that we don't get too far out of balance and we're achieving our profitability goals. Now as we just discussed, we put a lot of bow wave expenses to improve and expand our ground network. And as Alan has said over and over again, we anticipate those are going to have substantial long-term returns and improvements to profitability. And one of the things that I've mentioned over and over again on this call is many times, it seems like some of you are trying to talk about FedEx Ground, Inc. or FedEx Express, Inc. rather than FedEx Corporation, Inc. And by that, I mean when we're knocking the ball out of the park in one segment, we then say, perhaps we can make some investments someplace else so that we can improve their longer term profitability. So we deal with our opcos as a portfolio of solutions, and not all of them are being run by us to maximize returns every quarter or we couldn't make this long-term investment. So going back to the question, you've got to have a disciplined approach to the mix of commercial and residential packages. Having said that, we are quite confident that we can handle vastly larger amounts of e-commerce packages in the future at profitable rates because of the investments we've made, these automated facilities that Henry talked about. We have two major hubs coming online next year and a couple more after that. These are substantial improvements to our ability to handle this type of traffic on a profitable, long-term basis. The other thing that I would mention to you that is often missed in these evaluations or the comments about the e-commerce business, it requires a close collaboration between FedEx and our customers to choreograph these massive industrial systems during these peak seasons. We will begin literally the day after New Year's planning for next peak season. And we have very close relationships with our major customers. And I think the proof of the pudding is in the eating. Dave told you we're having an outstanding peak. Well, that's because of the investments and the close planning we do with our customers. And that's a prerequisite in this business or you will not be successful. And some of the questions seem to miss those two points, and I want to reemphasize that our great service is because of the outstanding planning, long-term planning and having facilities in place. We've been off a little bit sometimes but not much, but boy, we had it right this year so far, knock on wood. And secondarily, it's managing this mix. And third, you have got to have a close collaboration with your major customers who have a lot of residential e-commerce so you know where that traffic is coming from, you can prepare for it and handle it. So I apologize for the long answer but a lot of these questions kind of miss those key points.
Frederick Smith: So then Vernon -- David Vernon asked, if Amazon starts competing for shipping business, how would that impact your go-to-market strategy?
Frederick Smith: Obviously, we don't address hypotheticals. I'm sorry, David. But maybe Raj wants to comment about this.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Well, all I can add to that. We'll just say that Amazon is a long-standing customer of FedEx. But however, it should be noted that FedEx has no single customer that represents more than 3% of revenue or volume.
Frederick Smith: So Allison Landry wants to know about the addressable market for reverse logistics. Are retailers capable of handling the growth in returns and online orders? And how does FedEx plan to capitalize on this opportunity? Raj?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Yes. Thank you for your question, Allison. We have estimated that, say - that roughly 15% of all goods purchased are returned, with apparel running at about 30%. And the business of returns continues to grow in scale and complexity especially for retailers as they are directly impacted by the amount of online consumer spending. Now from our part, the integration of FedEx Supply Chain with our existing portfolio has uniquely positioned us for success here because we provide the most robust end-to-end solutions in this growing market and we have some very exciting developments underway that will surpass customer expectations, provide new value for both merchants and consumers. Now in addition to all this, buying online and returning in-store continues to be - emerge as a core consumer preference. As we talked several times, we have a vast network of FedEx Office and retail alliances, like Walgreens, that provide an ideal opportunity to offer consumers a convenient drop-off point for the returns.
Frederick Smith: So Allison had a follow-on question. Do we collaborate with traditional brick-and-mortar retailers that have successful online strategies?
Frederick Smith: The answer to that question is yes and big time. And we collaborate with pure e-tailers. We deal very closely with our customers. Don Colleran, do you want to make a comment about that? Because it's your people that are right in there, the solutions group.
Donald Colleran: Sure, Fred. I think you did a wonderful job explaining the process. It is a 12 month process where we sit down approximately our top 25 customers and put together very specific and very surgical plans. We share those with the operating companies so there's alignment in terms of where we want to position the resources. But it's worked flawlessly this year, and the operational excellence that we've experienced at the operating company level is because of the ongoing playing that we do with our top customers as well as our broader set of customers. So we feel really good about where we sit this time of the year going into the last week.
Frederick Smith: So we have a couple of other questions here on CapEx and expensing, and the part that is often missed in the conversation because of the politics involved in this situation is if the tax bill works as anticipated, there will be a significant growth in GDP. And remember that the Business Roundtable did in a survey prior to this tax bill passing and 82% of the BRT membership anticipated that if it did pass that it would substantially increase their capital expenditures, and 75% anticipated that they would increase employment. Well, they're not making additional CapEx and increasing employment for any other reason than the market is growing. So if we increase capital expenditures, as Alan said, it will be because the market is growing. We think we can make more money and increase cash flows and so forth. But there's not just any willy-nilly interest in increasing CapEx other than for that except for one thing. In the case of expensing, you increase the net present value of the returns if it is a replacement piece of capital because you get in, in place earlier and you get your money right back. So to that extent, it would be bringing the money forward and not spending it later. It's the CapEx for GDP growth rates induced by the tax rate that is the important part of any increase in CapEx. And we'll identify which is which if we do that. So you've got something here, Alan, on the...
Alan Graf: Nothing. We're good.
Frederick Smith: Okay. there was a question to Rob Carter on some software...
Robert Carter: Yes, this is Rob Carter. This is from Amit Mehrotra from Deutsche Bank. Please update us on SmartPost redirect initiatives. When will address-matching software be deployed? That software is already deployed, and it's paying big dividends at FedEx Ground where we are taking address-matching capabilities and even proximate capabilities and moving SmartPost deliveries into the FedEx Ground network. So that was deployed this summer at scale, and we are experiencing the benefits. We are also planning on making available to our customers in the coming time frame, probably next year, a SmartPost Hold at Location capability. So you'd also be able to redirect those shipments to any of our convenient, more than 10,000 locations in the Onsite network.
Frederick Smith: Okay. So here's a question from Ben Hartford. How is FedEx attitude towards migrating closer to the consumer, buyer, a form of retail marketplace evolve? What are the merits and drawbacks evolving [ph] marketplace more directly linked to customers, retail consumer transactions with your broad distribution network?
Frederick Smith: I think, Ben, what you're asking there is why don't we put up a marketplace ourselves. Well, we strongly believe that we should not compete with our customers, and our big customers have marketplaces. So we think the value-added that we bring to the table and unmatched value-added is the portfolio of solutions and assets that we can help them fulfill their marketplace requirements. So that's our policy in that regard.
Frederick Smith: There's a question about FedEx Express' domestic China deliveries. Has the focus shifted to nearly all import-export? Keith Schoonmaker of Morningstar. David Cunningham?
David Cunningham: Sure. Thank you. Our domestic business is growing and an important part of our unique value proposition in China. We're the only foreign company with a wholly owned domestic and international business. The domestic product is closely aligned and integrated with our international import-export business that is doing great. Our business is more focused, the domestic business is more focused on the B2B market and does not compete in the domestic e-commerce market.
Frederick Smith: So there's a question about cross-border and international e-commerce. Matthew Ruestle of Goldman Sachs wants to know the secular opportunity here and what, if any, additional investment FedEx will need to make to best capture the opportunity. Raj?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Yes. Matthew, thank you for the question. According to Forrester, the cross-border e-commerce represents roughly 11% of the total e-commerce market in 2017, but it's growing significantly faster, roughly 1.5 times faster. And so in a sense, cross-border e-commerce may become 20% of the market by 2022 with a GMV of roughly $627 billion. But as you can imagine, this market is far more complex than a domestic e-commerce market, and there are only a very, very few players like FedEx who can provide adequate capabilities. Firstly, we can leverage our existing world-class global transportation network. And secondly, we launched FedEx CrossBorder as a technology play to make cross-border e-commerce as seamless as possible. We are extremely pleased with the progress we have seen thus far and very, very excited about the potential in the future.
Frederick Smith: There's a question about the new Tesla truck. Mike Ducker, would you read who it came from and answer it?
Michael Ducker: It came from Ravi Shanker. And Ravi asked, any thoughts on that Tesla semitruck? Have you placed any orders yet? And as you know, we already have a lot of electric vehicles operating in - all across our networks. We think they've got good potential, could offer a lot of benefits when they come to market. So we've certainly evaluated the truck. And should we decide to order any of those, we'll certainly make that known early.
Frederick Smith: Yes, I think we had people out there at the unveiling and...
Michael Ducker: Grand opening.
Frederick Smith: Yes. We've worked with Tesla and looked at the vehicle. It's very innovative. So our company.
Frederick Smith: I mean, a question from David Campbell of Thompson Davis. Hope you're doing well, David, an old friend. You want to know whether the company believes that internationally, our shipment growth will continue to achieve the global rate of GDP over the longer term. And then a related question, how should investors be thinking about a potential slowdown in the pace of growth in international airfreight in 2018 as it pertains to international express results in 2018? Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. And I think Dave Bronczek wanted to answer this firstly, maybe with some color from Raj.
David Bronczek\: Thanks, Fred. Thanks for the question, David. We absolutely believe short term and long term, the international airfreight shipments continue to grow and outpace GDP, like it always used to be in the past and then it slowed down but now it is again. That's great news for FedEx because we're the biggest, most powerful airfreight forwarder in global business transportation worldwide. So for us, it's actually right in our wheelhouse. In terms of slowing down in 2018, Alan talked about the tax reform bill. We think that adds a lot to airfreight in a global economy, and I think that's again going to be very beneficial to us.
Frederick Smith: Dave, I think you misspoke there. You meant to say the largest air cargo and air express company, not the largest air forwarder.
David Bronczek\: Right, right, yes.
Frederick Smith: Yes. The word just flew out, I thought. I didn't want to leave any misimpression in the audience. And Raj, do you want to add some on that?
Rajesh Subramaniam: I mean, all I can add to that is that the - air freight, in particular, the air express markets, they really serve the high-value, high-sector part of the economy. And in modern times, they've grown faster than regular GDP, and we expect that trend to continue over the long-term.
Frederick Smith: They've also grown faster than the general air cargo markets over a long period of time as well, I might add
Frederick Smith: So new technology, from Ravi Shanker, are you doing any work around integration of blockchain and the customer operations? What impact do you think it will have in logistics? And how can that be an opportunity or threat to FedEx? Rob Carter, our CIO, will answer that.
Robert Carter: Ravi, we definitely believe that blockchain represents a significant opportunity in the custodial control and chain of control for supply chain shipments. We were and are charter members in the Blockchain in Transportation Alliance as well as the Blockchain Research Institute. And we believe that going forward, the overall prominence of goods as they move around the world and the enhancement the blockchain offers to global settlement systems and payment systems offer a significant opportunity for us. So I think the answer is yes.
Frederick Smith: So there's another question here about our view on electric and autonomous trucks. And specifically about our subcontractor model, would it slow down adoption of such technologies?
Frederick Smith: I mean, the answer to that is no, in general. But Rob just gave an important speech that sort of represents the company's position on this, and we thought it would be a good idea if he just repeated what he said out in the Silicon Valley. Rob?
Robert Carter: Well, first off, the general innovation footprint that we have always has us looking at modern and innovation-oriented developments in the marketplace. And certainly, autonomous vehicles are among them as well as electrification. The reality is that autonomous vehicles are already among us. And we believe that the most important things that will happen in the near term is using technologies like adaptive cruise control, lane departure, automatic braking, all of which compositely make for autonomy, offer much improved safety for our drivers and a much improved quality of life for the men and women that are on the road for FedEx out there. So clearly, these technologies won't stop there. There are many opportunities in the future. But right now, we're using a lot of autonomy to make our team safer and to give them a better quality of life on the road. And we're using a lot of different technologies to make sure that our sustainability efforts continue to improve the environment, and I commend you our sustainability report on fedex.com.
Frederick Smith: So Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer has a couple of questions, one about Freight. How do you anticipate balancing volume and yield in FedEx Freight going forward if current demand environment persists? Mike Ducker?
Michael Ducker: Yes, sir. First, let me thank our FedEx Freight team for a great quarter and a great peak season, too. And thank you for the question, Scott. As we've all read, the current environment is strong. We have very solid business processes in place to balance volume and yield. The improved revenue quality really is the primary driver of the results in Q2, including a 34% higher operating margin. It's a team game between operations, sales, pricing, solutions, marketing. Now we work closely together to not only ensure we're giving the best, market-leading service but that we get compensated fairly for it using data-driven decision-making tools in which we've invested in the past. So we believe we have great processes in place. We expect that our continued focus on revenue quality will drive operating income and margin improvement through the rest of '18.
Frederick Smith: So we've got a couple of questions here from Henry Maier. One from Tom Wadewitz, is FedEx still tapping the brakes on the pace of B2C volume growth in Ground. How much did B2C Ground volumes grow in 2Q? And how much did B2P - B2B Ground volumes grow? Henry?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Yes, this is...
Frederick Smith: As well as Raj?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Yes, this is Raj. I would just say that we haven't broken out the volume trends between B2C and B2B and we're not going to start in this call. All I would say is that we grew Ground business 12%, double digits, in the second quarter with healthy volume and yield increase. And we'll continue to monitor customer-to-customer and make sure we make the right decision that balances volume, yield and profitability.
Frederick Smith: So this one's for Henry. Could you please discuss strategic initiatives to accelerate growth in FedEx Supply Chain and discuss what type of growth you anticipate for this business longer term? Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.
Henry Maier: Thanks for the question, Scott. We think there's great opportunities for growth across several segments and supply chain. For example, we launched FedEx Fulfillment in February to help small and medium-sized retailers, e-tailers and brands. FedEx Fulfillment has many capabilities, warehousing fulfillment, inventory and transportation management and reverse logistics, so e-tailers and retailers can focus on business itself instead of supply chain. We also see an opportunity to further leverage our reverse logistics expertise to enhance the overall returns process. E-commerce continues to drive a high return rate, and consumer preferences to return online purchases to physical locations will be satisfied by leveraging FedEx Office and other retail access points.
Frederick Smith: So we have a question from David Ross of Stifel.
Frederick Smith: With international growing again, do you anticipate any flight additions in calendar '18? I think David Bronczek wanted to make a comment, and we'll pass it on to David Cunningham.
David Bronczek: Yes. I would just say that any additions we would make are so miniscule in our big global network that it wouldn't be really worth talking about. And we add capacity to meet demand all year long. And as the volumes grow, we keep matching the volume. So our network is so big and so global now that it wouldn't show up on the radar.
David Cunningham: Well, and just to maybe highlight the scale of what Dave's talking about, we operate 1,600 departures, utilizing 660 aircraft every single day. And we scale up and we scale down to meet demand. And so as Dave said, it will be relatively modest.
Frederick Smith: So where has hiring employees in the network been the most challenging? And has it impeded operations or materially increased cost this year? Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. I think Dave wanted to mention something, and then we'll hand it off to Henry Maier.
David Bronczek: Yes. Thanks, Fred, and thanks for the question, Brian. It's a great question. We talk about it all the time. We had no problem hiring anybody anywhere in the United States or around the world. And quite frankly, it's because people love working for FedEx. We actually started a program called Friends and Family. So our employees, when their sons and daughters come back from college, we hire them. And it's been fantastic for us, and it continues to be a great program. It's not just for family members but it's also friends.
Henry Maier: Yes, let me add, Dave. This is Henry Maier, FedEx Ground. Our investments in automated facilities coupled with geographically targeted peak wage rates have allowed FedEx Ground to maintain fully staffed facilities across the entire network this peak. We've had no issues anywhere.
Frederick Smith: So David Bronczek, this question, you're uniquely qualified to answer about, the Postal Service, from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. Does the recent order on market-dominant products and proposed supplemental pricing authority beyond the CPI cap have any impact on FedEx?
David Bronczek: The very short answer is we do not believe so. I should add, however, that the USPS is a very good partner of FedEx and has been for many, many years, over a decade now. So we keep working the partnership and improving the service along the way.
Frederick Smith: Is there further scope to expand non-conveyable and oversized product pricing beyond current levels? What percentage of ground freight volumes are in this category? Same questioner. Raj?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Yes, Brian. The non-conveyable and the oversized package is roughly 10% to 11% of the volume we handle at the FedEx Ground network. And we've added sortation and delivery capability to handle these larger, heavier packages. As you can imagine, there are only a very few players in the marketplace who have the capability to handle such traffic. So we will continue to monitor trends and adjust pricing as needed and -- so that ultimately, we can provide an outstanding service for our customers.
Frederick Smith: And Raj, you can just go into this question from David Ross. Now that SmartPost is going down [ph] in January, when will Freight finally make the switch to dimensional pricing away from the outdated, irrelevant NMFC pricing? David Ross of Stifel. If you take that. And then the mic -- and Mike, when you get the microphone, Ken Hoexter wants to know about any movements or thoughts on 33-foot trucks [ph].
Rajesh Subramaniam: So David, of course, we agree with you and that dimensional density based pricing offers a much more simplified alternative to the class-based system, which is frankly outdated. We have this capability to customers if you want to choose it today. And it benefits the whole industry to move to a simplified pricing structure based on shipment size. Mike?
Michael Ducker: Yes, sir. Ken, thanks for the question. As you know, we're - FedEx is a member, in fact, a charter member of the Americans for Modern Transportation Coalition. We have, in that coalition, a really diverse group of shippers, retailers and customers, including UPS, Amazon, the National Retail Federation, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, among others. And we continue to advocate to -- for these because we believe that they're safer, more efficient. You get an 18% load improvement out of it. It puts fewer trucks on an already taxed infrastructure. And they're - and we've driven more than 1 million miles on these on the road. So we know that they're safer. It takes out 204 million gallons of fuel a year, 4.4 billion pounds of CO2 emissions. Why wouldn't this be good is our position. So we continue to focus and - on it. And hopefully, the tax reform moving across the go line and the infrastructure package next will be strongly considered. We will certainly be promoting it in that legislation.
Frederick Smith: The last question is from Ken Hoexter from BofA Merrill Lynch. It's basically about our customer sales strategy. David Bronczek and Don Colleran would both cut my throat if I told you any of the -- answer this question, Ken. So I'll just say we have the greatest sales force in the many industrial company in the world and lots of potential new business. So with that, I'll turn it back over to Mickey.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation's second quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you so much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-09-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Vice President, Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman and CEO Dave Bronczek - President and COO Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and CFO Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO Don Colleran - Executive Vice President and Chief Sales Officer Raj Subramaniam - Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Communications Officer David Cunningham - President and CEO, FedEx Express Henry Maier - President and CEO, FedEx Ground Mike Ducker - President and CEO, FedEx Freight
Analysts: Matthew Troy - Wells Fargo David Ross - Stifel Brian Ossenbeck - J.P. Morgan David Vernon - Bernstein Ben Hartford - Baird Jairam Nathan - Daiwa Jack Atkins - Stephens Helane Becker - Cowen Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Chris Wetherbee - Citi Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley Tom Wadewitz - UBS Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Kevin Sterling - Seaport Global
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the FedEx Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any questions for the conference call, please email them to ir@fedex.com. Only questions submitted by e-mail will be discussed on the call today. At this time, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon. And welcome to FedEx Corporation’s first quarter earnings conference call. The first quarter earnings release, stat book and earnings presentation slides are on our website at fedex.com. This call and the accompanying slides are being streamed from our website, where the replay and slides will be available for about one year. Written questions are welcome via e-mail. Our e-mail address is ir@fedex.com. When you send your question, please include your full name and contact information. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I’d want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Dave Bronczek, President and Chief Operating Officer; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Don Colleran, Executive Vice President, Chief Sales Officer; Raj Subramaniam, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer; David Cunningham, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good afternoon to those on the call and welcome. The TNT Express cyberattack and Hurricane Harvey post significant challenges to our operations in the first quarter. I would like to thank to FedEx team for its extraordinary support of humanitarian relief efforts and our teams commitment to the Purple Promise, which simply states, I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. I strongly believe FedEx will emerge from the cyberattack as an even stronger more resourceful company and I would like to thank the thousands of FedEx team members who work tirelessly to remediate the TNT systems problems and take care of our customers. We are confident of our prospects for long-term profitable growth. We reaffirm our commitment to improve our operating income at FedEx Express but -- the segment by $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2017. Our overall goals remain to increase earnings, cash flows, returns and margins. I would like to make two points about expected FY18 performance. Absent the cyber terrorist attack on TNT Express, our annual guidance likely would have remained unchanged. And second, FedEx Ground operating profit is anticipated to exceed FY17. We appreciate those who emailed questions prior to the call and we will cover as many -- as many strategic topics as possible based on this input. Alan, Rob and Dave, respectively, will address effects of the cyberattack in greater detail. Raj will discuss the economy, pricing and the upcoming peak season. Alan will then come back on and conclude with prepared comments with a deeper look at the first quarter, FY18 guidance and other financial and operating results. Let me note that today is the last earnings call for Chris Richards, our EVP, General Counsel and Secretary, who will be retiring at month’s end. We will miss her untiring work ethic and in-depth knowledge that make -- that help make her 33 years of service to FedEx invaluable. Thank you, Chris. Mark Allen, Senior Vice President, Legal and International General Counsel at FedEx Express will succeed Chris as previously announced. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thanks, Fred. Good afternoon, everyone. On June 27th, our TNT Express global operations was one of many global companies to be hit by a new strain of malware. Rob will cover the specifics of the track and recovery next, but the attack resulted in a significant business interruption and financial impact. As a reminder, effective June 1, 2017, we moved to one reporting segment for our FedEx Express and TNT Express businesses, the FedEx Express segment. We estimate the cyberattack reduce FedEx Express first quarter operating income by approximately $300 million or $0.79 per diluted share. The net impact of the cyberattack on Q1 operating income was predominantly lost revenue, much of which dropped to the bottomline due to the fixed cost nature of the TNT Network. Also we incurred incremental third-party costs related to the recovery effort. Reduced international earnings from the cyberattack also increased our effective tax rate for the quarter. Based on all these factors, we analytically determine the net impact on operating income to be approximately $300 million. Because the net impact was primarily related to revenue transactions that did not occur, the financial effects of the cyberattack are reflected in our adjusted earnings. Because our intra-European domestic businesses recovered more quickly, the impact from lost revenues was and continues to be more heavily weighted towards our higher-yielding international shipments, resulting in a more pronounced impact on profits. It is taking longer to restore our international business due to the complexity of clearance systems and business processes. We are now focused on finalizing the restoration of certain key customer specific, specialized solutions and systems in time for the peak season. Incremental expenses were associated with IT infrastructure enhancements, additional staffing and over time to recover volumes, and additional provisions for service failures. These expenses were partially offset by lower purchase transportation expenses due to lower volumes. While significant progress has been made on restoration of our operations and IT systems, TNT revenues, volumes and profits remained below pre-attack levels. As we look ahead to the remainder of FY18, we expect to experience ongoing but diminishing financial impacts from the cyberattack in the form of lower revenues and higher investments to further improve and strengthen our IT infrastructure. The expected ongoing impacts from the cyberattack are reflected in our updated guidance, excuse me, our updated guidance for FY18. Despite the significance of the impact of the cyberattack on our results, we reaffirm our commitment to improve operating income at the FedEx Express segment by $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in FY20 compared to FY17. With that, I will turn it over to Rob and rejoin later in the call to discuss our quarterly results in detail and our fiscal 2018 guidance. Rob?
Rob Carter: Thanks, Alan. The TNT systems were impacted by a new strain of malware that attacked the vulnerability in Microsoft Windows. Like the attack experienced by many other global companies, the attack on the TNT systems originated in Ukraine from specific tax preparation software. This was not an ordinary cyberattack. We believe that this attack was the result of the nation state targeting Ukraine and companies that do business there. It is widely believe that these were weaponized cyber tools that were stolen from the U.S. Government. Of note, the attack was completely contained to TNT and did not impact any FedEx systems or those of our customers. In addition, all of our customers can be assured that there was no loss of customer data to third parties. From the onset, our global IT teams have been working tirelessly to rebuild the TNT technical environment to be more resilient. As a result, the TNT security posture is much improved. Leveraging every available resource, we have restored the TNT systems to a near normal state with virtually all critical systems up and available. We are now focused on the restoration of certain key customer specific solutions and systems. We expect these IT capabilities to be restored by the end of September, enabling business as usual operations with full capabilities across all customer segments. At the time of the attack, there was already work underway to replace TNT legacy systems with FedEx technology. In the wake of the attack these efforts been accelerated. We’ve hardened all of TNT servers and workstations, introduced additional network security controls, rebuilt active directory and have started enhancing the segmentation of the TNT network. We operate integrated transportation networks that are dependent on our global IT systems to operate efficiently. The recovery and restorations of TNT Express’ global operations and IT systems has been -- has included every facility, hub and depot. Many systems that were not impacted by the virus were also fortified and rebuilt to ensure additional focus on security. Our diligent and purposeful approach across a global network reaching more than 200 countries has added time to the recovery. Our business, operational and IT teams are converting adversity into advantage by revisiting our integration strategy. Integration efforts will be expedited. This will enable us to reduce dependency on TNT legacy systems, and will also broaden services and capabilities through our powerful combined networks. Based on the accelerated integration schedule, as well as the introduction of newer, more secure technology, there may be an increase in integration spending on technology. We continue to refine our integration plans, and as a result, the timing and amounts of integration expenses and capital investments in any future period may change as we implement our plans. I want to extend my deepest gratitude to the IT teams that have worked around the clock to restore the TNT systems and make them more secure in the process. I also want to thank my business partners who have worked side-by-side with IT teams to get the business up and running again. And most importantly, I want to thank our customers for their trust and confidence. We are using the crisis to emerge stronger than ever. Now Dave will add his perspectives.
Dave Bronczek: Okay. Thank you, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. Given the discussion around the impact of the cyberattack on TNT, I thought it very important to point out the underlying fundamentals of the FedEx Express business remain very strong. In particular, international export package revenue or the segment grew 4% in the quarter after absorbing the impact of the cyberattack and we have made significant progress on the recovery of the TNT business and IT systems. Immediately following the attack, we implemented contingency plans that leveraged our global networks to minimize the impacts to customers, including transporting TNT Express packages within the FedEx Express network. Key assets in the recovery have been the FedEx Air Network and the TNT European Road Network, which have allowed us to retain a significant portion of our TNT customer base. These networks are the cornerstones for growing our business and will be leveraged as we return our volumes to expected levels. I’m very pleased to announce that our core shipping services are back in place, with all TNT Express depots, hubs and operating facilities. These milestones would not have been possible without the exceptional teams that have been working on them. I like to thank all of our team members around the world for their amazing resilience, extraordinary efforts and dedication to restoring our operations in all of our systems. Our operational teams remain focused on serving our customers and have made a critical decision in the first 24 hours after the attack, keep our doors open for business, despite being reduced to manual processes for pickup, sort and delivery. Since then, we have returned to near normal operations, with the restoration of our pickup and delivery systems, courier handheld technology and intra-regional air networks. In addition, we remain focused on our base business as we executed three key initiatives during the quarter that enhanced our service capabilities. First, we launched a new 777 intercontinental flight, our around the world eastbound flight; next, the 757 service new flight from Stansted, England to Geneva, Switzerland; and probably most importantly, we accelerated the completion of key upgrades of our Liege hub in Belgium. From a customer perspective, our teams are executing a detailed thorough and customer focused plan targeting and restoring customer volumes to our expected levels. This plan includes leveraging our senior officer team on sales calls to instill confidence with customers so that we can fully meet their expectations. Our service levels within Europe have been restored to pre-crisis levels and in August, this past month of 2017, our service levels were actually above those a year ago in August of 2016, tremendous work by the operations team. With strong service levels and operations returning to near normal capabilities, our focus now shifts to finalizing the restoration of certain key customer specific solutions and their systems. We expect these IT capabilities to be restored by the end of this month, enabling business as usual operations with full capabilities across all customer segments just in time for peak shipping. Our planning and execution work on the integration of FedEx Express and TNT continued in the first quarter, despite the cyberattack. Country integrations continued with executions launched in key markets around the world such as the U.K., China and Poland. Recovery of the cyberattack required us to pursue solutions to stabilize the business and leverage FedEx Express’ capabilities. These actions highlighted additional and expanded opportunities for accelerating our integration plans. Our initial plan called for the sequential integration of pickup and delivery networks followed by the integration of air and ground networks. However, we instead are running these aspects of the integration now concurrently. Additionally, we revised our integration plan targets and their opportunities in several key areas. Expansion and acceleration of volume flows between the respective FedEx and TNT air and road networks by leveraging FedEx network pickup and delivery technology. This expansion and acceleration allows us greater ability to move volume through the lowest cost networks much faster. Next, accelerating migration of FedEx clearance operations and systems, retiring dozens and dozens of legacy TNT applications, accelerating the combination of FedEx and TNT sales forces, coupled with faster migration of customers, the FedEx solutions, where the value proposition is aligned and rationalization of the product portfolio is sped up. And accelerating rationalization of back office systems, including much more aggressive retirement of the TNT IT systems, certain high cost systems and applications will not be restored. These changes to our integration plan and the opportunities identified are not only expected to reduce risk but also accelerate the value, in certain cases avoid high cost solutions in legacy TNT and FedEx systems together. Our updated integration plan further confirmed that integration synergies will be realized through an optimized pickup and delivery operation, the operation of one integrated global express network, improvement of the efficiency of staff functions, and of course, through revenue growth. We continue to be extremely confident in the long-term value of this acquisition for our shareholders, for our customers, and of course, for our team members. So, as a result of this crisis, we have emerged stronger. We remain laser focused on delivering the Purple Promise to our customers, the IT environment and TNT Express is more secure and with operational capabilities near normal and service at pre-crisis levels. We are now positioned to meet the needs of our customers in advance of the upcoming peak shipping season. So, in conclusion, let me take a moment to commend our team members, who provided outstanding service and delivered a desperately needed relief during the recent hurricanes in Texas, Florida and the Caribbean. FedEx has a robust contingency planning and disaster recovery capabilities. We have a philosophy of focusing on our people first, ensuring our team and their families are safe. Not only is this the right thing to do, but it allows us to resume operations and quickly assist communities and their recovery efforts. Through preparedness and leveraging the power of our network, FedEx was able to position relief supplies and equipment in Texas and Florida to immediately support recovery operations when the storms passed, and the vast majority of our network in Texas and Florida was back, up and operational within 24 hours of the storms’ end. Our FedEx team flew a relief mission to Miami just this past Friday that included $11 million of relief, generators, water, medical supplies and food. These are moments when the best of FedEx is on full display and I commend our team members that have done a great job in Texas, Florida and the Caribbean, and in fact, all around the world over the last several weeks. With that, I’m going to turn it over to Raj.
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you, Dave. I’d open with our economic update and outlook, discuss our revenue performance and the business conditions in each segment, and provide some commentary on broader industry trends and enhancements of the FedEx portfolio. As you can see on the slide, we continue to see moderate growth in the global economy. Our CY17 U.S. forecast is mostly unchanged and reflects solid consumer spending and a rebound in industrial activity. Internationally, recovery and capital spending is supporting higher global GDP growth and driving the best trade volume growth since 2011. The next few slides show details of revenue, volume and yield performance by transportation segment. I’ll just cover some additional information in my remarks. Suffice it to say, we remain focused on pricing strategies that allow us to grow volumes and increase yields across the portfolio. For our U.S. Domestic Express business, yield per package excluding fuel surcharge increased 4% in the first quarter, due to a continued focus on revenue quality. Our international yields now include TNT and we have restated numbers with the prior year to reflect this as well.  FedEx International Export Package revenue increased 4% year-over-year in Q1 despite being negatively impacted by the cyberattack at TNT. We are seeing the best year for global trade in years. Excluding fuel and exchange rate impact, yields were up slightly. Ground volume and yields also grew as e-commerce continues to drive volume growth. Excluding fuel, yield per package increased 4% driven by commercial services. And FedEx Freight, revenue per LTL shipment increased 5%, driven by revenue quality efforts. Excluding the impact of fuel surcharge revenue, revenue per LTL shipment was up 4%. Yesterday we announced our intention to increase rates by 4.9% for Express, Ground and Freight in January. We’ll also implement other changes including dimensional weight pricing on FedEx SmartPost package. Now let’s talk about peak. The FedEx team consisting of more than 400,000 dedicated team members are busy preparing for the peak holiday shipping season. We expect once again to see record volume through our global network with multiple days more than doubling our average daily volume. In order to deliver exceptional service during this busy time, FedEx is increasing hours for some employees and we expect more than 50,000 team members will be hired across the FedEx operating companies for peak. We’ve already begun filling positions within our Express and Ground networks, and believe we are well-positioned to successfully deliver the holidays once again. This year we took a surgical approach to the way we manage peak surcharges by focusing on two things, oversized packages and pricing programs for the small number of large retail and e-tail customers that drive the surge in peak deliveries. FedEx will not apply holiday season surcharges except for packages that are oversized and authorized are require additional handling. The pricing programs for large customers are designed to provide incremental capacity during peak, while including some protection for FedEx if they come in below volume projections. By focusing on these two areas and applying the peak oversized package surcharge during the entire peak season, we expect to capture incremental revenue. Our approach properly aligns revenue with our incremental peak investments without burdening our millions of loyal small business customers with the holiday delivery residential surcharge. We are beginning a national marketing and sales campaign to ensure customers are aware of our peak pricing and we expect profitable volume gain and brand loyalty benefits. This season, consumers will also see a dramatic increase and access to FedEx pickup and drop-off services as a result of the significant growth in FedEx on-site across the country, including nearly 8,000 newly added Walgreens locations. As online shopping stores, especially during the holiday season, we are pleased to work with Walgreens to offer this convenient solution to our customers and are excited to work together to reach the significant milestone by October the 31st. We believe we are well-positioned for another successful peak season and look forward to helping the holidays arrive once again for our customers around the world. Let me now turn the call over to Alan for his remarks. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thank you, Raj. Our first quarter adjusted EPS was $2.51, compared to an adjusted $2.82 last year. The $2.51 reflects the estimated negative impact of $0.79 from the TNT Express cyberattack and $0.02 from Hurricane Harvey. Results benefited from higher base rates at each of our transportation segments. However, those benefits were more than offset by reduced revenue and increased expenses resulting from the TNT Express cyberattack, TNT Express integration expenses, higher cost at FedEx Ground, a higher tax rate and the impact from Hurricane Harvey, results benefited from lower incentive compensation accruals. Last quarter, we said we would recap the FY17 adjusted numbers to include the TNT intangible asset amortization expense that the prior year adjusted results would be comparable to our FY18 adjusted results. Therefore, the Q1 FY17 adjusted EPS of $2.82 now includes the TNT intangible asset amortization expense. Express segment operating income declined due to the estimated $300 million impact of the cyberattack on TNT. Our as reported results included $88 million of integration expenses for TNT Express. Despite the significant challenges this quarter, FedEx Express was able to improve base rates, grow international volume and continue to manage costs. Ground’s operating income increased 3%, due to the benefit from revenue growth and lower incentive compensation accruals, continued network expansion and staffing costs, higher purchase transportation expenses and increased self-insurance reserves drove the margin decline for the quarter. As Fred already mentioned, we expect FedEx Ground’s FY18 operating income and cash flows to exceed those of FY17. FedEx Ground continues to grow significantly and there are several key considerations that we focus on to continually increase operating income as we grow. The first is customer mix. We have long recognized that FedEx Ground does not yet have our fair share of small and medium customers, despite our industry leading speed advantage, and we have recently accelerated our efforts to increase our small and medium customer volume. Second is residential versus commercial mix. There are additional costs and significant operational considerations for delivering residential packages. We had a significant increase in demand from two large e-commerce customers during the first quarter. Obviously, a shift in residential mix in any one quarter affects profitability. As you’ve seen in recent announcements, we are focused on sending pricing strategies that ensure that we are compensated appropriately for the outstanding service we provide, including generating appropriate yields for large customers with heavy residential mix. Finally, given the traffic mix considerations I just outlined, we recognize as expenses are currently too high for the mix of customers and residential packages that we’ve experienced. We are taking steps to reduce costs in many areas to align with current business mix and market conditions. We are taking the steps necessary to continue to drive higher operating income and cash flows over the long-term, increase capacity appropriately and provide outstanding industry leading service at FedEx Ground. We also continue to build our network of convenient drop-off and pickup locations. This provides added delivery options for our customers and creates opportunities to reduce residential delivery costs.  As Raj mentioned, one of the exciting things we are working on is significantly expanding the number of FedEx retail locations so that customers can conveniently access our services. We have 55,000 locations in our retail convenience network, including 8,700 that offer customer package pickup and low cost alternatives for residential deliveries. This network includes nearly 700 FedEx ships centers, close to 2,000 FedEx office locations, some of which are located inside Wal-Mart stores, nearly 6,000 FedEx on-site locations where customers can drop-off and pick up packages such as Walgreens, Kroger and Albertsons, 5,600 FedEx authorized ship centers which are third-party pack and ship stores, 1,500 Office Depot OfficeMax locations and approximately 40,000 drop boxes. By the end of October, FedEx will be in nearly 8,000 Walgreens locations. The entire Walgreens chain nationwide will offer FedEx pickup and drop-off services, all of which is new this calendar year and supports our e-commerce growth strategy. In fact, by peak shipping season, 80% of the U.S. population will be within nine minutes of a FedEx hold location. Now turning to Freight, where results are outstanding. Freight’s operating income increased 30%, primarily due to the benefit from higher LTL revenue per shipment. Freight reported an operating margin of 10%, up an impressive 190 basis points. At Freight, we are modernizing our technology and focusing on revenue quality, which we believe will continue to provide very good results. Now looking finally at FedEx guidance, we project adjusted earnings to be in the $12 per diluted share to $12.80 per diluted share range for FY18 before year end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustments, TNT Express integration expenses and certain first quarter FedEx trade networks legal charges, driven by continued improvement in base pricing and volume growth. Absent the cyberattack on TNT, as Fred said and I would like to iterate, annual guidance likely would have remained unchanged. During the remainder of FY18 we will continue to execute our TNT integration plans. The integration process is complex as it spans over 200 companies and involves combining our pickup and delivery operations at a local level, our global and regional air and ground networks and our extensive operations, customs clearance, sales and back office information technology system. The integration is expected to be completed by the end of FY20. We expect the aggregate integration program expense, including restructuring charges at TNT over the four years to be approximately $800 million and expect to incur approximately $350 million of these costs during FY18. We do continue to refine our integration plans, however, particularly in light of the recent cyberattack at TNT Express. As a result, the timing and amount of integration expenses and capital investments in any future period may change as we implement our plans. The expectations for FY18 that I’ve outlined are dependent on fuel prices, the pace of growth in the global economy, particularly in U.S. industrial production and the recovery of lost volumes resulting from the TNT Express cyberattack. As mentioned on the call last quarter, our Q1 tax rate was higher than Q4’s rate and at 39.3% was also higher than Q1 of last year. We are expecting our FY18 effective tax rate to be 35% to 36% on a GAAP basis exclusive of any mark-to-mark adjustments. However, there is both risk and opportunity to this effective rate range and the rate will also vary from quarter-to-quarter as tax benefits and costs related to the TNT integration are recognized. Our total capital expenditure forecast remains at $5.9 billion in FY18. Again, we reaffirm our commitment to improve operating income at our FedEx Express segment by $1.2 million to $1.5 million in FY20 versus FY17. Now, I will turn the call over to Fred to begin the question-and-answer session. Oh, I said 200 companies instead of countries. We are in 200 countries. Thank you, Fred.
A - Fred Smith: Okay. We’ve got a number of questions. First one, back to Alan, is FedEx considering taking out insurance in order to mitigate the cost potential of future attacks? That came from Matthew Troy of Wells Fargo. Alan?
Alan Graf: Matthew, for a number of years we have examined the cyber insurance market. For a long period of time it was very thin, didn’t cover a lot of things that a company would look to cover, much more related to personal information and things of that note. However, as a result of this attack, of course, we are re-examining where the market is, we think it’s getting deeper and we are -- I’m going to go out and see if there’s something that we can develop that would add protection for our company at a reasonable price.
Fred Smith: Next question comes from David Ross of Stifel. Did Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma hurt operating performance due to airport closures or does clean up relief demand end up making up for some of those headwinds? I think we covered some of that but, Dave, you and Raj may want to comment on it.
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah. I’ll comment on it. Obviously, we’re affected like everybody else. When the storm hit, we were had to close down. We opened up right away. We had pre-staged materials for our employees and for the communities in advance of the storms. Those things we could do. Unfortunately, for example, today in Mexico City, they had an earthquake which we can’t pre-stage. So we have very little effect in our base business, I would say. We’ve recovered very well. On service has been great, the customers have been great. I personally flew on that relief flight down to Miami and the communities down there welcomed our help and our supplies and so did our employees.
Fred Smith: On e-commerce, how much exposure does FedEx have by segment to traditional retail? Please walk through the various impacts, positive and negative, on FedEx when a retail supply chain closes stores or ships more towards an omni-channel model. That’s from Brian Ossenbeck of J.P. Morgan. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah. Brian, we do not breakout our business by industry segment. But it’s important to recognize that retail is one of the wide range of industries that we serve, healthcare, automotive, airspace, financial services, construction, the list goes on and on. It’s also important to recognize that we provide our services for several retailers that are performing very well and are growing their business with FedEx. We continue to deliver millions of packages to stores which is obviously a B2B move. As you said, more and more retailers are evolving their business model to compete with pure-play retailers and we see this as an opportunity to provide even better value for our customers, whether it is fulfilling from store or a DC, we have a portfolio of services that we can cater to their needs. And furthermore, there are opportunities for retailers to provide unique value to their customers by leveraging their infrastructure in combination with the services that we provide. Thank you.
Fred Smith: How has fulfillment offer -- the fulfillment offering been received in a competitive market and what is the ultimate market opportunity for FedEx, again, from Brian Ossenbeck at J.P. Morgan. How is the rollout of FedEx Fulfillment services progressing and what are the longer-term revenue objectives for the service, do you expect it to be material or a complementary service? That’s from David Vernon of Bernstein. So Raj and Henry.
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah. Let me just kick it off. Thank you for the question. We think there is significant potential for growth for FedEx Fulfillment, especially serving small and medium customers. FedEx Fulfillment is best suited for companies who manage approximately 50 to 2,000 orders per day and as you can imagine, this is a growing customer segment and we are very excited about the opportunities ahead.  It gives the companies an opportunity to focus on their core business while we manage warehouse and fulfillment inventory, transportation management, reverse logistics and so on. We have opened a second fulfillment facility in California earlier this month. And if customers use both our facilities in Fontana and in Greensborough, Indianapolis, they can reach 94% of the U.S. population in two days via FedEx ground. Let me turn it over to Henry.
Henry Maier: Yeah. Let me just add, we opened up the first facility in February of this year and the second in June. This is a for profit business. It drives ancillary transportation revenue and we’re pretty excited about the potential for the business going forward.
Fred Smith: How far along is the SmartPost redirect program and what percentage is being redirected currently and expected by the end of FY18? Will FedEx be in a position to redirect SmartPost volume to a Ground courier this peak season, if so and what percent of the network and can you provide any additional color on how this should impact earnings, same two analysts. Henry?
Henry Maier: Yeah. Thanks for the question, David and Brian. SmartPost redirect or what we call delivery optimization enables us to increase delivery density by matching a SmartPost package to a home delivery package that is going to the same or adjacent address on the same day. We make these matching decisions in real time and we’re seeing great progress, although, this capability was only launched about seven weeks ago. We anticipate this will continue through peak and it’s very important to remember that our objective with delivery optimization is to increase density of delivery, the number of packages per stop, as well as adjacent deliveries.
Fred Smith: Do your agreements with ISPs specifically allow for or prohibit FedEx Ground from utilizing a form of personal vehicle drivers to the extent such delivery options are available, is Ground interested in developing a solution that utilizes personal vehicles similar to the solution utilized among certain companies fulfilling the home delivery component of B2C shipments? That’s from Ben Hartford of Baird. Henry?
Henry Maier: Thanks, Ben, for the question. FedEx Ground service providers can choose the type of vehicle to deliver packages that best meets their business’ needs, while complying with the appropriate regulations. It is one of the many decisions that entrepreneurs who own these businesses make every day to ensure the best possible customer service while considering safety, reliability and what makes the most economic sense for their business.
Fred Smith: So we’ve had several questions on the postal services, raising prices on competitive products and what that means for rate expectations for calendar 2018 and what effect this might have on SmartPost and related the peak season surcharge, would it be fully reflected in the price structure of the largest shippers? I actually think, Raj, you answered the latter very well. Do you want to comment on USPS pricing on competitive products?
Raj Subramaniam: Sure, Fred. Brian, while I won’t comment directly on competitors’ pricing strategies, let me just say that we make pricing decisions based on economic conditions, market conditions and the value of the service we provide and we work to ensure that we receive an appropriate price for the value of what we have -- of our service. As regards to SmartPost, there is no significant impact based on those actions. I don’t know, Henry, do you want to add any more to that?
Fred Smith: Would the company provide an update on automation and upgrade initiatives at FedEx Ground? That’s for Matthew Troy of Wells Fargo. And can you update us on the automation initiatives specifically loading trucks more efficiently and that’s from Jairam Nathan of Daiwa. Henry?
Henry Maier: Okay. Well, thanks for the question, guys. Well, let me remind, everyone, that we have over 100 automated facilities in the network today and we believe FedEx Ground has one of the most automated sortation networks in the industry. Let me begin with the load side. Load side is a little bit less mature and developed. We are, however, employing sensor technologies that ensures maximum use of trailer space during the loading process, thereby improving our load factor and this sensor technology includes tools that allow us to provide very quick feedback to our workforce about loading techniques. On the unload side, it’s a little bit more mature and developed. We’ve had underway and that’s -- we’ve had efforts underway in that space for almost two years. We’re examining two different systems that utilize a combination of robotic technology including sensing, movement and intelligence, with bulk unloading techniques. We’re seeing some really good results in that area. Longer term, our approach will be to figure out this technology as we move forward with new building design.
Fred Smith: We had a couple of questions here about the composition of our various fleets and to some degree leading from those questions into our efforts on autonomous vehicles? A very small percentages of the FedEx fleets are anything other than diesel and the fuel efficiency particularly in the light diesel areas have been very significant over the last few years. In the Express sector for instance, the sprinter vans I think if I’m not correct, Dave, have improved almost 100% over the last 10 years. So we do have some electrics in the Freight sector. We have some CNG vehicles. Obviously, all of us are looking for these announcements of the heavier electric vehicles that have been promoted so much in the press. In terms of autonomy, we have some significant efforts underway in evaluation of autonomous vehicles, but there are none of which we would -- none of these efforts are ready for prime time and certainly not worth talking about publicly at this point. Jack Atkins of Stephens asked about CapEx spending for FY18 maintained at $5.9 billion, and specifically, have you accelerated any specific IT projects versus your prior outlook and if so, have you deferred any capital projects from other segments of the business. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thanks for the question, Jack. We’re managing this right now. We’re just at the end of the first quarter. I still feel comfortable with that number. It may not be the way I drew the play up when we do our business plan, but I still feel pretty over that number. I’d remind you of two things. You can have an airplane move up a week or back a week and have a significant impact on that total. And secondarily, I’m still waiting to see on tax reform what that might do and that can have an impact on our spending as well. Thanks for the question.
Fred Smith: We have a couple of questions on China. Where does the domestic and export Chinese market rank in priority and what are the current or planned initiatives in the country? What’s the impact from the reports of thousands of Chinese factories forced to close as part of Beijing’s ongoing battle against pollution? That came from Helane Becker of Cowen. David Cunningham?
David Cunningham: Thanks, Fred. Well, China is the second largest economy in the world with GDP growth expected to top 6% this year. Clearly, help plays a lead role in our global growth story. It’s a huge manufacturing base, continues to be a top priority for FedEx. Our primary focus is on the international business where we are the leading B2B player. Our commitment to growth is clear from recent investments that we’ve added capacity to that market. We launched our Shanghai-Liège flight in April. We launched the eastbound around the world flight that Dave talked about earlier in July. We have a new Shanghai hub that will open in November. So we continue to expect China to remain a growth market for FedEx. We also have a long standing presence in the Chinese domestic market, primarily focused on key verticals where we have differentiated offerings versus local players. And then Helane, thanks for the question regarding the factories. This is just doing business in China. We do not expect a material, long-term impact from these closures. Thank you.
Fred Smith: Thank you. David, I’d remind everybody that Dave Cunningham spent, what, 21 years in Asia?
David Cunningham: 22.
Fred Smith: So you’re talking to somebody that knows the scene over there pretty well. Here’s a question about what do you see driving continued strength in International Air Cargo and Express volumes. Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: David, thank you for the question. Manufacturing growth has been robust in the recent few months and the inventory to sales ratio has been quite low. And as I said earlier, the trade has been strongest since 2011 and there is also synchronous trade growth across the globe. Also, the capacity addition has been in check for both cargo and passenger airlines, so we see continued strength in the market. Thank you.
Fred Smith: So, Raj, as a somewhat related question, what percentage of your business do the annual rate increases apply to directly? How much of your businesses, Express, Ground and Freight is tariff business versus contract business?
Raj Subramaniam: As a matter of policy, we do not release that information. All I can say on this is we are committed to our pricing strategies that drive a balance between volume and yield growth and as you can see over the past few years, we have done that very, very successfully. Thank you.
Fred Smith: So here’s couple of questions for the Ground segment. Henry, one from Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Given the strong growth in the returns business, how does GENCO fit into the equation in terms of the current contribution to the bottomline for the Ground segment and where do you see that going in the next three years to five years?
Henry Maier: Was Allison, right? Allison Landry? Thanks, Allison, for the question.
Fred Smith: It was from Allison Landry of Credit Suisse.
Henry Maier: Well, we acquired GENCO, FedEx Supply Chain because of their return to dispositioning capabilities and they process hundreds of millions of returns a year. Their primary business is the business of repairing or disposition, something comes back so that the merchant or ultimate seller of those goods doesn’t have to deal with it. The benefit to FedEx is, is that we play in the transportation side of that, so we get the double whammy here. We get the ability to participate in the transportation and we get the value-add around the services that FedEx Supply Chain provides. Raj is probably better suited to comment on the growth returns in the industry based on what we’re seeing with e-commerce, but it’s a significant place that we need to play going forward, hence the reason why we thought GENCO was such a good fit to FedEx.
Raj Subramaniam: I’ll just say that returns represent 20% to 30% of all the goods transported through e-commerce and in fact that we have a terrific transportation portfolio and now with FedEx Supply Chain, we have end-to-end solution for returns.
Fred Smith: Henry, there’s a question about higher PT expenses at Ground. Are they related to the ISP conversions or something else?
Henry Maier: Well, purchase transportation expense is primarily driven by increased volume and higher rates, included in that number is postage. If you think about the fact and the Ground network that all of our transportation is purchased, whether it’s P&D, line haul or what we ultimately tender to the U.S. Postal Service, it all shows up in that line and it moves pretty closely with the growth in volume.
Fred Smith: Okay. Here’s one from Chris Wetherbee of Citi and Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley. Chris asked do you see recent moves by Amazon in particular its, excuse me, its purchase of Whole Foods as indicative of a trend to drive a greater combination of e-commerce and in-store fulfillment. Is this a good thing for FedEx? And Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley asked can you please share your thoughts on Amazon’s purchase of Whole Foods, as well as Amazon’s launch of instant pickup point? Are e-commerce players moving towards brick-and-mortar footprints, what are the long-term implications of this for FedEx? Well, let me comment a little bit and then I maybe have Dave and Raj speak to this. There -- over the last year and a half, there’s been increasing amounts of good analytical work, some of which have been done by the people on this telephone call, that has exploded, if you will, the arcane nature of pickup and delivery operations. And we’ve been thrilled to see that, quite frankly, because for many years now on this call, I and a number of others of my business partners here have been saying that this is a very complex business with a lot of very sort of topline thoughts about it in previous years and it’s really quite complicated.  As I pointed out, we are a transportation company that serves 220 countries around the world. I don’t know how many billion people or how many millions of businesses, but it’s substantial. And through our transportation networks, each of those businesses can be connected one to the other. So that formula is N squared. I mean, there are literally billions and billions of potential combinations. When it gets to the destination delivery station, then traffic from -- of whatever nature, all of the industries that Raj mentioned or the growing e-commerce can be combined together to be locally delivered. So, we are a worldwide transportation company that delivers locally, but we are not a local delivery company and retailers our local delivery entities, and so that’s where the misunderstanding has come. The drivers of cost, as Alan mentioned in his comments, are the mix between very large customers and small and medium customers, because the yields are higher with the latter given the purchasing power of the former. And the second is the mix of commercial versus residential deliveries, because the vast majority of houses, even with the growth of e-commerce, do not get an e-commerce delivery per day. E-commerce has basically been made possible by the postal service’s mail deliverer -- delivery routes and mail personnel, putting small e-commerce packages and with the mail and delivering them for very low rates. That’s challenged as has been well reported including some excellent work by you, Chris, by the reduction of mail due to digital disruption. So my guess is that everybody that’s in the e-commerce business is seeking to develop greater route densities one way or another. The Walgreens on-site locations that we just mentioned, all of the efforts that Amazon is making, UPS is making and so forth. So I think at the end of the day, all of this is going to rationalize itself over the next few years. E-commerce is not going to eliminate the retailing sector of the country. It’s about 10% now Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: 10%.
Fred Smith: It’s about 10%. It’s certainly going to grow as a percentage, but will it be half, I doubt it and the business courier, anybody in this room, will it be 20% per day, 18% per day, who knows. But I think you see the purchase of Amazon of Whole Foods, they want to be in the grocery business. Groceries are heavy, hard to handle, people like to come and see the produce and so forth. I’ve been in the grocery business twice, once as an Independent Director at Malone & Hyde, which was a big wholesale grocery business and later for many years as a Director at General Mills. And I have to tell you, it’s one of the toughest businesses in the world with very low margins and very, very good competitors. So I think there’s going to be more of this. I think you’re going to see e-tailers become more brick-and-mortar and I think you’re going to see brick-and-mortar become more e-tailers. And how that all shakes out, I don’t know, but we believe as a management team that we have the assets in place to be able to participate in these markets extremely well and we just have to, as Alan said, make sure we keep it in balance. I mean, we had extraordinary growth this last quarter in a couple of our e-commerce customers that really were very surprising to all of us. So same time you have got that going on, you have announcements like the Amazon-Kohl’s announcement just today, I think, it was about returns, and Best Buy, as Amazon products. The -- what is the -- they have their Alexa, yeah, how -- my goodness, my grandkids love them, so they can talk to Alexa all the time. So they’re just laying Alexas at Best Buys for sale. So all of this is not quite as pristine as a lot of people would like to think about it and I think over the next few years there are a lot of moving parts here and you have to be flexible and nimble to be able to deal with the market as it evolves, because you’re not going to be able to predict exactly how it’s going to evolve, that I promise you. So sorry for the long winded answer, but it’s not a question that lends itself to a simple reply. So we got a couple more here, okay. Tom Wadewitz of UBS. Is TNT’s customer mix skewed to lower price, less service-sensitive businesses, do you expect to change this customer mix over time to support the stronger profitability in the combined TNT FedEx Europe operations? Dave Bronczek, giving it to Cunningham because it’s...
Dave Bronczek: [Inaudible] (59:56)
Fred Smith: Okay.
David Cunningham: We’re going to continue. I mean, TNT has a very strong base in Europe. We’re going to continue to leverage their road network capability in Europe and Southeast Asia and Australia and the Middle East with our intercontinental capabilities. The flights that we put in in April and July build on that capabilities, so 100,000 customers that ended up with improved value propositions, transit and service. So we’re going to continue to build on that capability for the future.
Dave Bronczek: Yeah. I was just going to add to that. I mean, they have a great European road network, of course. What Alan Graf actually commented about, their international business that’s significant around the world is what got affected the most so that’s the high yielding customer. So we’re working on all aspects of the TNT business and we will get it back into the FedEx fold.
Fred Smith: Ken Hoexter of B&A -- BofA Merrill Lynch. Adding dim weight to SmartPost, the post office does not charge by dim. Do you expect this to impact share gains, are ground packages flowing down chain, to SmartPost given your dim charges there? Raj?
Raj Subramaniam: Yeah. I’m not going to comment on the market share directory other than to say that dimensional weight pricing is a very common industry practice and it allows us to make the best use of space in our aircraft and vehicles, and also encourages our customers to make packaging adjustments. Ultimately, efficient packaging is increases the sustainability of operations as well. So it’s a common industry practice and we are very comfortable with the changes we made.
Fred Smith: Okay. I’m informed that this is the last one. This comes from Kevin Sterling of Seaport Global. The strength we are seeing in air freight and the international export market. Is it more cyclical or are we seeing a structural change that you believe is more permanent? You believe the primary strength of the air freight markets is being driven by the need for speedy supply chains to deliver products in a more timely manner outside of the speed to market, are there any other factors at work?
Raj Subramaniam: Thank you for the question. As I said before, this is the fastest freight growth we’ve seen since 2011. The trade growth is 1.4 times GDP for the first half of this calendar year and typically it’s been roughly at GDP for the last few years. So what’s driving it? It’s driving -- what is come -- the manufacturing especially in the technology sector is a key driver of this trend for this year. We expect that to be continue for the rest of the year. As to how far freight versus GDP goes forward, I can’t comment on that, that’s very early -- too early to say.
Fred Smith: Let me just close off here with something I think is very important for the people that follow FedEx to recognize, particularly in a time where there’s all this very problematic geopolitical rhetoric going on. The world is becoming wealthier almost everywhere. Hundreds and hundreds of millions of people have risen out of the middle -- out of property into the middle class in China, in India, in Africa, these enormous populations and they are all equipped now with cellular telephones and access to the Internet or the vast majority, and that more -- more than anything else which is what e-commerce on steroids. So you’re seeing fundamental demand at the individual level drive companies to export and international e-commerce to grow. That’s why we put up CrossBorder. And I think a very big part of the increase in “air cargo demand” is being driven by these e-commerce demands at the individual or the various country levels. And we’re very proud of the network that we’ve developed in India and China and Indonesia and Southeast Asia, I could go on, Mexico. Certainly wish our Mexican teammates well with this earthquake. So that’s a big, secular trend that is driving an awful lot of things and I think that as much as any type of cyclicality of traditional product flows in “air cargo” is something that’s here to stay. So, on that, I think that we should tie it off and give it back to Mickey here.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation’s first quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference and thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-06-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - VP, IR Frederick Smith - Chairman & CEO David Bronczek - President & COO Alan Graf - EVP & CFO Christine Richards - EVP, General Counsel & Secretary Robert Carter - EVP, FedEx Information Services and CIO Don Colleran - EVP, Chief Sales Officer Rajesh Subramaniam - EVP, Chief Marketing & Communications Officer Henry Maier - President & CEO of FedEx Ground Michael Ducker - President & CEO of FedEx Freight
Analysts:
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any questions for the conference call, please email them to ir@fedex.com. Only questions submitted by e-mail will be discussed on the call for today. At this time, I'd like turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. The fourth quarter earnings release, stat book and earnings presentation slides are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website, and the replay and presentation slides will be available for about one year. Written questions are welcome via e-mail. Our e-mail address is ir@fedex.com. When you send your questions, please include your full name and contact information. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I'd want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on the call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, Dave Bronczek, President and Chief Operating Officer; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Don Colleran, Executive Vice President, Chief Sales Officer, FedEx Corporation; Raj Subramaniam, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer for FedEx Corporation; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Frederick Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good afternoon, and welcome to our call. Strong fourth quarter results completed an outstanding fiscal 2017. We boosted long-term value for share owners, delivered an outstanding peak season with our highest ever volumes and service levels, invested heavily in several strategic areas and managed yields and volumes extremely well. Revenues surpassed $60 billion for the fiscal year. Adjusted earnings were a record $12.30 per share. Continued investments, integration and innovations should improve margins, cash flows, returns and earnings per share over the next several years. Modernizing the FedEx aircraft fleet and expanding FedEx Ground capacity continue to be major strategic programs, while the integrations of TNT, FedEx Supply Chain and FedEx CrossBorder are filling strategic gaps in our global portfolio. FY '17 saw many FedEx innovations such as expanding our network of convenient, pick-up and drop-off locations, advanced IT technologies and new services. We enter FY '18 confident FedEx Corporation will continue to deliver outstanding value and opportunities for share owners, customers and team members. In this regard, thanks as always to our more than 400,000 members of the FedEx team around the world for their commitment to our Purple Promise, which states simply, I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. Now I'll turn the call over to my colleagues, Raj, Alan and Dave, for their perspectives. After which, we will answer a number of your questions.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Thank you, Fred, and good afternoon, everyone. I open with our economic update and outlook and discuss our performance and business conditions in each segment, including revenue, volume and yield, and then provide some commentary on broader industry trends. We see moderate growth in the global economy. We expect U.S. GDP growth of 2.2% in calendar year '17 and 2.5% in calendar year '18. Consumer spending is solid. Investment and trade are rebounding, and measures of business confidence remain high. We see industrial production growth of 1.9% this year and 2.5% next year. For the global economy, we forecast GDP growth of 2.7% for calendar year '17 and 2.8% for calendar year '18. Now I'll review revenue, volume and yield trends by segment. We remain focused on pricing strategies that allow us to grow volumes and increase yields across the portfolio. The U.S. Domestic Express package revenue grew 7% year-over-year in Q4. The yield per package increased 7%. Yield, excluding fuel surcharge, increased 4%, and Domestic Express package volume grew 0.3% year-over-year during the quarter. FedEx international export package revenue increased 8% year-over-year in Q4 and increased 4% if excluding fuel. FedEx International Priority volume increased 5%, while International Economy volume grew 6%. The international export package yields increased 2%. Excluding fuel and exchange rate impact, the yields were flat. The Ground segment revenue increased by 9% year-over-year in the fourth quarter, while average daily volume increased 3% year-over-year. Yield per package increased 7%. When you exclude fuel, the yield per package increased 6%. For the Freight segment, revenue increased 6% year-over-year in Q4. Average daily LTL shipments were flat, and this was partially driven by a stronger emphasis on pricing improvement. The revenue per LTL shipment increased 6%. Excluding the impact of fuel surcharge revenue, the revenue per LTL shipment was up 4%. Now preparation is underway for the 2017 peak holiday shipping season. The expectation is for another record peak season with multiple days that'll set records for package pickup and delivery. We continue to work directly with relatively small number of large customers that drive the majority of the surge and demand to ensure that we have appropriate pricing related to volume expectations and capacity needs. We are focused on ensuring that we are compensated for the investments we make to deliver outstanding service during peak. We continue to consider additional peak pricing changes but have not made a final decision in this regard. We also continue to experience growth in demand for large, heavy package delivery as a growing array of items are now being sold online. Furniture, mattresses, sports and exercise equipment are increasingly moving to the FedEx Ground network for residential delivery. This trend has accelerated over the past 12 months, and we have made adjustments to facilities and investments in sortation technology that enable outstanding service for these larger packages. We're continuing to analyze pricing and surcharges for oversized packages to ensure that we have appropriate pricing for the service provided. Now I'll turn the call over to Alan Graf.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Raj, and good afternoon, everyone. We finished the year strong with adjusted EPS of $12.30, up 14%. Results benefited from higher base rates and increased package volume. Also, Express continued to manage costs while integrating TNT. These factors were partially offset by higher network expansion costs at Ground. FY '17 capital expenditures were $5.1 billion, and several Ground network expansion projects were deferred into '18 and beyond. We repurchased nearly 3 million shares in FY '17 at an average price of $172.13. As of May 31, we have approximately 16 million remaining shares authorized for repurchase. We raised our FY '17 dividend, and last week, we announced that we were boosting our FY '18 dividend by 25% to $0.50 per share per quarter. Looking at FedEx Corp.'s fourth quarter FY '17 results. Adjusted earnings were $4.25 per share, up 29% year-over-year, and our adjusted consolidated operating margin was 11.2%. The improvement in operating results was driven by higher base rates, increased package volume and the inclusion of TNT's results. Net income and earnings per share reflect tax benefits of $104 million or $0.37 per diluted share related to the implementation of new foreign currency tax regulations, the adoption of a new accounting standard for share-based compensation and certain transactions related to the TNT integration. For FedEx Express - for Q4, Express achieved record operating profit and adjusted operating margin climbed to 12.7%. Express results increased with higher base rates and package volume, a positive net benefit from fuel and the continued benefit of cost management initiatives. I also want to point out that, for the first time since the segment was formed, Express achieved double-digit adjusted operating margins for the full year. U.S. domestic yields were up 7%, as Raj mentioned, as we continue to focus on revenue quality. International volumes were strong, especially out of Asia. For TNT Q4, I can tell you that the integration is on track. TNT revenues were $1.9 billion with an adjusted operating profit of $83 million. Adjusted operating margin was 4.4%. Adjustments to operating income for Q4 included integration and restructuring expenses of $37 million as well as intangible asset amortization of $20 million. We'd like to remind everyone that starting Q1 FY '18, we will no longer report Express and TNT separately. Instead, we will report the combined results as one FedEx Express segment. Ground operating margin in Q4 was 15%. Operating income increased due to higher yields and volume, partially offset by network expansion and staffing costs as well as increased self-insurance reserves. In addition, FedEx Supply Chain continues to negatively impact segment margins. The outlook for FedEx Ground is we remain focused on balancing yield and volume growth. This quarter, we are rolling out new technology to optimize our Ground delivery options for SmartPost. We are continuing to roll out the ISP model to all 50 states and expect a complete transition to the ISP model in the second half of calendar year '20. Ground has made significant investments in capacity and automation and will continue to invest in FY '18. We expect CapEx to be slightly higher for Ground in FY '18 due to projects that were moved out of FY '17. Freight Q4 results saw revenue quality improving. Year-over-year, Freight yield growth has improved sequentially as Freight continues to work toward a better balance of volume, pricing and capacity. Operating results were slightly lower due to higher salaries and wages and increased information technology expenses that offset the benefit from the higher base rates. Looking now towards FY '18 and FedEx Corp. financial guidance points. The earnings forecast before year-end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustments and excluding TNT integration and restructuring expenses was $13.20 to $14 per diluted share for FY '18. This forecast includes estimated TNT intangible asset amortization expense of $65 million. Our guidance assumes moderate economic growth. Beginning FY '18, we will recast our FY '17 non-GAAP financial results to include TNT intangible asset amortization of $74 million or $0.21 per share. Our full year FY '17 effective tax rate was 34.6%. Our FY '18 earnings guidance assumes an effective tax rate between 32% and 35% on a GAAP basis. Our FY effective tax rate will likely be higher in the first quarter and vary from quarter to quarter as tax benefits and costs related to the TNT integration are recognized and we continue with our new tax structure. Over time, we believe the TNT acquisition should improve our international profits and contribute to a reduction in our effective tax rate. Our capital spending forecast for FY '18 is approximately $5.9 billion, which includes an increase in planned aircraft deliveries to support the FedEx Express fleet modernization program and continued investments in FedEx Ground automation and capacity expansion, including projects that were deferred from FY '17. For FY '17, we contributed $2 billion to our tax-qualified U.S. domestic pension plans, which was $1.5 billion more than what was required. For FY '18, we plan to contribute approximately $1 billion to our U.S. domestic pension plans. As we discussed last quarter, we are targeting operating income improvement at the new FedEx Express segment of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in FY '20 versus FY '17 assuming moderate economic growth as well as current accounting and tax rules. And now Dave Bronczek will give you an update on our progress with TNT.
David Bronczek: Okay. Thank you, Alan, and good afternoon, everyone. During the fourth quarter, we marked a significant milestone with the 1-year anniversary of our acquisition of TNT. This first year produced tremendous progress, and the integration of FedEx Express and TNT is on track as Alan just mentioned. We continue to remain extremely confident in the long-term value of this deal for our shareholders, for our customers and team members. While our integration journey will continue over the next 3 years, the Year 1 anniversary serves as an excellent opportunity to highlight our work during FY '17 as we look to prepare for our integration plans for FY '18. As we reflect on progress in FY '17, it is important to continue to frame the size and scope of this effort. At $4.9 billion, the TNT acquisition is the largest in FedEx history, and we are working to combine the TNT group, which includes 54,000 employees, their operations across 200 countries and more than 1 million shipments daily within FedEx Express. The momentum from our progress in FY '17 has produced tremendous excitement within our teams, and we are focused on delivering the opportunities and the benefits provided by this combination. As we have discussed previously, the acquisition of TNT provides extensive benefits to FedEx, including rapidly accelerating our European and global growth, substantially enhancing our global footprint by leveraging TNT's low-cost road networks in Europe, in the Middle East and in Asia and expanding, of course, our customer capabilities and solutions. As you know, the integration is a key driver of the FedEx Express FY '20 operating income improvement target of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion. Integration synergies will be realized through an optimized pick-up and delivery operation, the operation of integrated global Express networks, improvement in the efficiency of staff functions and of course, revenue growth. Collectively, these factors position us to deliver unmatched service for our combined customers, significantly improve our cost and overall, offer a best-in-class portfolio of services focused on improved market share, improved yields and of course, improved profitability. With that backdrop, I would like to take a few moments to highlight the exceptional progress we have made in FY '17. We successfully integrated 64 countries around the world in FY '17. And beyond these 64 countries, 5 additional significant countries are underway as we speak, including Canada, Japan, Spain, the United Arab Emirates and the United States. Our integration in the United States and Canada will be complete this month, and the remaining 3 will be finished in the first half of FY '18. In April, one of the first tangible and very important steps in connecting the FedEx Express and TNT world networks was realized with the successful launch of our new Boeing 777 FedEx flight from TNT's hub in Liege [ph] Belgium to the FedEx world hub in Memphis. This new flight brings benefits to approximately 100,000 existing TNT customers around the globe by providing access to the robust FedEx network in the United States and Canada with improved transit times, broader service coverage and much higher weight capabilities. We've also delivered key back-office initiatives in FY '17, particularly in the IT environment. Two of these are critical. We put both of these operations in, in the fourth quarter. These include technology to provide ability to handle FedEx Express packages in the TNT network and TNT packages in the FedEx network and technology that allows the management of customer inquiries across the world to use the same common service platform. Each of these IT initiatives significantly benefit our customers and of course, our employees. All of these accomplishments were made possible by our outstanding team. And on the people side, our leadership teams are in place, and we continue to benefit from the TNT personnel. As of this past June 1, 40% of our integrated international officer and director positions are now in place, and 40% of them are TNT executives. We have outstanding leadership in place to drive the integration. In addition, our work in FY '17 has produced key learning’s that will leverage our FY '18 as we focus our efforts on more complex but much, much higher-value countries being integrated around the globe. We learn valuable lessons in FY '17 that can be applied to the upcoming countries in FY '18 and beyond. The execution of our FY '18 integration work is in full swing now, and during the fourth quarter, we launched integration activities across many additional countries, including many of our largest direct-serve businesses, particularly in Europe. Our focus for country integration in FY '18 will turn to more complex but much higher-value markets. Now to illustrate this point, these countries represent significant value as they represent approximately 80% of our revenue and 80% of our employees within Europe. FY '17 has been very productive for us in this complex multi-year integration. We are pleased with the progress that we have made and are extremely excited about the next steps in FY '18 as we continue to bring these two fantastic businesses together. And with that, I believe we are ready for questions. I'll turn it over to Mickey.
Mickey Foster: Okay. Fred?
Operator:
Frederick Smith: Okay. We're going to take these questions in the order in which they were sent in for this call. Helane Becker. Can you talk about what you're seeing in the B2B business? I feel like clients are laser focused on B2C and ignoring B2B. Are you seeing growth there? Raj?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Helane, the short answer to your question is yes. As you all know, B2B traffic represents a majority of our business, and we just reported strong revenue growth in all our major business segments, domestic, Express, international, Ground and Freight for the quarter.
Frederick Smith: There's a question from Jairam Nathan of Daiwa. We've seen labor availability issues driving cost up significantly in some regions of the world. Is FedEx experiencing similar issues? And would the industry be able to raise prices on e-commerce deliveries to offset cost increases? Alan?
Alan Graf: We have a great balance between wage and benefit increases offset by productivity gains resulting from investments in IT and automation and volume increases. So not an issue for us at the moment.
Frederick Smith: Next question is from Brian Ossenbeck. What is the latest status on the integration of Ground? Henry?
Henry Maier: We expect to have more than 90% of the network to have Ground and residential packages sorted in the same building by 2020. The key to this is technology and the integration of sortation tools and technology across the network.
Frederick Smith: I should have said on the questions, we're going to take them in the order that we received them, but several of you sent in several questions. So we're going to take your first question and then move down the list, so we get as many individual questioners as we can. And then we'll come back to the second, in some cases, third question if we get a chance to. This is from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Please address the drivers and the sustainability of the recent improvements in global airfreight markets and how FedEx is positioning strategically to capitalize on the momentum. And I might point out that this mirrors a similar question from Scott Group of Wolfe Research, so I'm going to ask Dave Bronczek to answer that. David Cunningham, the CEO of Express, is actually in Asia at the moment. Dave?
David Bronczek: Yes. Thanks, Fred. Actually, FedEx Express is perfectly positioned with our product portfolio. We have door-to-door express. We have the general commodity service. We have Express Freight service. And I think Raj maybe have mentioned it already, but our International Priority volume grew 5% in the quarter. Our deferred traffic grew 6% in the quarter. Airfreight grew 11%. Our volume weight grew 25%. So we're right in the middle of this growth in this activity in a global basis. And Raj and I talked about it earlier. Would you like to add a little bit to that, Raj?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Sure. Scott, there are many factors that influence the global airfreight market, including GDP, trade, air capacity, currency exchange, et cetera, as you know. But it's important to delineate the door-to-door air express segment was the traditional air cargo segment. The air express segment has continued to grow faster than the air cargo segment in good times and in not-so-good times, and FedEx is extremely well positioned to succeed in this area with the combination of our unmatched global flight network and an array of commercial carriers to improve primarily our deferred traffic. So thanks.
Frederick Smith: So from Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank, has there been any competitive response in Europe from DHL and or UPS? The answer to that is, of course, there's been a competitive response from them and in turn, a competitive response against them from us. It's a highly competitive business, particularly between the large global networks operated by FedEx, UPS and DHL. But I think our results speak for themselves, and we're quite confident in our current competitive positioning. Here is a - golly, Jairam, you guess hard with the number. Let me go down to somebody that haven't got one. Ben Hartford of Baird. What opportunity does FDX see from the development of block chain technology and implications with regard to trade finance and customs brokerage? Rob Carter?
Robert Carter: Well, in addition to finance, we see broad applicability of block chain to handle things like identity management, authenticity, pedigree and custody. So we're deeply engaged in block-chain technologies, understanding their implications for custodial control and for many of the things that we do. It's an exciting set of breakthroughs in technology, and we're staying very close to the leading edge of that.
Frederick Smith: Questions here on CapEx from Donald Brodner of Broaden Capital or Hatfield and Management Peak Advisors, Scott Group of Wolfe Research, Tom Wadewitz of UBS and Helane Becker of Cowen. So Alan, why don't you take that? I hope everybody heard that. I had my mic off. There's a lot of questions on CapEx, about 5 of them, so Alan's going to consolidate all of them.
Alan Graf: Okay. Yes, there's questions about our process, about the significant increase year-over-year, which, previously, we had told you there probably wouldn't be one. So let me try to cover them all here and just bear with me. I'll try to hit every one of them. And if I don't get it exactly right, get back to Mickey, and we'll get you exactly what you're looking for. We have a large and growing capital-intensive business with many opportunities to invest. We have an extremely rigorous process that's designed to ensure that all of our capital expense and acquisition investments will provide strong positive cash flows and increase our returns over time. We use very conservative assumptions, and senior management is involved in all capital spending. Having said that, a lot of times, we talk about capital as a percent of revenue, and that is not a number that we manage to. It is a resulting number. We're managing to what we think our EBITDA is going to be and our after tax cash flows and what the opportunities we see out there to grow our businesses and our business lines to improve efficiency. We've got to take into consideration tax law, and certainly, bonus depreciation has driven us to spend more capital the last couple of years than otherwise would have been the case. Whatever the global GDP is going to be, we've given you some numbers that we think is still going to be moderate where we can get a competitive advantage and where it helps our long-term strategy. I think, again, the record speaks for itself. Our previous investments have been paying off, and the opportunities that we see in front of us in '18 are very clear. Most of the increase year-over-year is at the Express segment. We're going to take advantage of some opportunities on the fleet side of the house that we see possibly in front of us. Ground will have a slight increase, and Freight will actually have a decrease. So that explains the change, largely the under-spending of Ground in '17 and the increase in Express in '18 is why we're up to $5.9 billion. But we like what we're investing in, and it's going to be a key part of hitting the $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion target that we've laid out for you in FY '20.
Frederick Smith: Okay. Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. About a year ago, you implemented an additional surcharge on unauthorized oversized Ground shipments, which, at the time, represented about 10% of Ground volumes. Can you talk about whether you've seen any slowdown in the growth of these packages, if they still account for some or percentage of total volumes? And if it has not, do you expect to take any further price action? Raj or Henry will take that.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Well, Allison, as I said in my opening remarks, we continue to experience a growth in demand for oversized packages. And if anything, the trend has accelerated. And as I said earlier, we're continuing to look at opportunities on the pricing front and we will make those changes as needed.
Frederick Smith: So I'm going to give Jairam Nathan of Daiwa another shot at this, but I'm going to consolidate 3 of your questions into 1. I think you want to know everything about Mike Ducker, including his hat size here on the Freight side. But do you see faster adoption of technology by the trucking industry offering a competitive advantage over railroads and the intermodal market? With regard to LTL, would the company be depending on autonomous driving by truck manufacturers and Silicon Valley software companies? And what is FedEx strategy or thinking with regard to technological advancements like self-driving trucks and drones? So Mike Ducker, answer all of those as you would like.
Michael Ducker: Yes, sir. Thanks for the question, Jairam. First of all, we believe that the faster adoption of technology will greatly improve the efficiencies and the customer experience in the trucking industry. And as a result, it should drive value and differentiation. Secondly, we're investing heavily in many forms of artificial intelligence or AI with multiple companies, most importantly, our investment in safety systems in the area of advanced driver assist systems that include platooning and telematics among many others. And while the work that our drivers do behind the wheel today, we believe that it may change and evolve. But there'll still be a driver behind the wheel to take control in emergency circumstance for the foreseeable future. Safety is our most important initiative here, and we believe the safety system should be mandated by federal regulation, which is why we strongly support the adoption of 33-foot trailers, which have proven to be much safer than the current 28 footers. And finally, as far as our strategy goes, innovation has been a hallmark of FedEx since our founding. We're on the leading edge of all these new technologies. So in addition to safety, the technology investments we're making will improve our overall efficiencies and our customer experience.
Alan Graf: I need to correct myself on one item. Freight's CapEx will increase in '18 over '17. I picked up a bad number. My apologies, Mike. I wasn't cutting your budget.
Michael Ducker: Thank you, sir.
Frederick Smith: So we have a number of questions surrounding the peak surcharge and peak season pricing and yields in residential e-commerce. So Ari Ashe of Transport Topics asked this week, your chief rival, UPS, announced a $0.27 to $0.97 package fee during the Christmas holiday season. Does FedEx plan to do the same thing? From Christian Wetherbee of Citi, will you implement a similar initiative around peak season pricing as UPS announced yesterday? How positive a sign is it that UPS is beginning to push harder on price? And from David Vernon of Bernstein, how much room does the company see in its ability to drive up yields in residential e-commerce? And what are the driving or constraining factors? So I'll ask Raj to deal with all those.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Okay. As I've mentioned before, we are continuing to work on several different options for peak pricing, but we have not made a final decision in this regard. I'm not ready to make an announcement yet. In terms of overall revenue volume and yields, we continue to focus on our pricing strategy as it allows us to balance volumes and increase yields across the portfolio. And again, to that question, all I can say is our results speak louder than any words that I can use.
Frederick Smith: So questions from Lee Klaskow of Bloomberg Intelligence. Is the Freight network better suited to handle, I think, the large, oversized shipments? Are you pushing those shipments through that network? So I guess, the answer to that is it depends on the nature of the shipment. I - it's clear when we get them whether it should be a Ground shipment or a Freight shipment. We do have value-added services in the Freight sector. Mike, you want to speak this?
Michael Ducker: Well, certainly. The characteristics of the shipment make a big difference and it -- as does the yield per shipment that we get out of it. So some of them come to us. A lot of them go to Henry at FedEx Ground as it stands today.
Frederick Smith: Now we are at FedEx Freight acquiring a significant number of the smaller 24 foot straight trucks with lifts because a fair amount of FedEx Freight shipments are going into neighbourhoods, and those are more compatible. So as the market turns more towards these oversized deliveries, I think you'll see FedEx Freight lean into that space in a big way.
Frederick Smith: David Ross of Stifel wants to know, are you approaching this year's peak season in U.S. any differently than in prior years, if so, how, if not, why not? I'll ask Raj to speak to that. All I would say is, as I said in my remarks, we had the best peak season in terms of service in the company's history, so our operations folks did a great job of planning for it. Raj?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Well, I have nothing much more to add than to say that we continue to work directly with our - some of our key customers in terms of making sure we have the right forecast for peak season so we can provide outstanding service. By the same token, we're also working with a small number of large customers that drive the majority of the surge. And so we should at least make sure that we have the appropriate pricing in place, so we get compensated for the investments we make as well. And as I said before, we continue to look at other changes, but no decision has been made in that regard.
Frederick Smith: So we have 3 questions about Ground margins, one from Jack Atkins of Stephens, similar 1 from Christian Wetherbee of Citi and Scott Group with Wolfe, who had previous questions, so we'll say this as a Jack Atkins, Stephens question. So Henry, Ground margins?
Henry Maier: We remain committed to mid-teens margins at FedEx Ground. We expect FY '18 operating profit and cash flows to exceed FY '17.
Frederick Smith: So we have a question from Brandon Oglenski of Barclays. For the past decade, FedEx appeared to focus on achieving high volume growth, especially in the Ground segment. However, in the past year, pricing appears to have accelerated, while volume growth has been slower. Was this by design? Let me take that. Of course, it was by design.
Alan Graf: You get all the hard ones.
Frederick Smith: Yes. Well, I'd take the Chairman's prerogative of getting those puzzlers. How much incremental pricing opportunity exists with customers before incentivizing a shift to other competitors? Well, Brandon, that's the nature of the beast. I mean, we're constantly trying to get that maximization between volume and yield. We have lots of pricing science. On many occasions, I've told folks that come to visit us at FedEx, when they ask what are they missing, and I generally say that. You miss the extreme sophistication of the pricing that we have inside our marketing group under Raj. And so we're constantly tweaking that. Second thing I'd like to point out, which I'm sure sounds like a broken record to many of you, is we do not manage FedEx Corporation to achieve the maximum results in any quarter or even any fiscal year in all segments. We manage it as a portfolio. In fact, we were talking the other day in our Strategic Management Committee that we now have 240 different services of 1 sort or another. So Ground was really knocking out of the park for a number of years, and we used the opportunity when Dave was the CEO of Express to make enormous improvements in the Express network, including an indigenous expansion in Europe. And we had the opportunity to make the TNT acquisition, which we did. And the Express margins are widening now, and I have said for the last several years, and I think we have proven this, that we expect all of our activities at the corporation level to improve margins, cash flows, EPS and returns on investment. And we have done that. And I said it again today, which I would remind you about for FedEx Corporation. So here's another one on large items in the Ground network, increased investments for gym equipment and furniture in Ground. You want to speak to that, Henry? There's another one here from - that was a repeat question, I think, from Jairam Nathan about progress in automating jobs being done manually, and in particularly in FedEx Ground loading and unloading of trucks. So why don't you combine the 2 of those and speak to them?
Henry Maier: Okay. This is Henry Maier. As Raj said, we continue to see large-sized packages continue to grow. That's just the nature of e-commerce. We are making investments in material handling and lifting technologies to address that. We review hub designs over the normal course of business that account for package size. So that would divert packages, for instance, that we would have to handle manually today to a more automated mode.
Frederick Smith: Chris Kondracki of Kondracki Advisory. How is FedEx Fulfillment going? Can you share some specific sales figures and margins? Henry?
Henry Maier: Well, I would say that FedEx Fulfillment is executing our expectations. We, on June 6, opened up a second facility in Fontana, California, which gives FedEx Fulfillment customers the ability to reach 94% of the U.S. population in 2 days or less. And we will continue to grow those facilities in capacity as customer demand dictates.
Frederick Smith: So there's a question, again, a second one from Scott Group. Why did GENCO revenue inflect negative year-over-year? Any customer losses?
Henry Maier: Yes, as a matter of fact, there was. There was one customer loss that lapped the year there, so nothing out of the ordinary there. We make those portfolio decisions all the time at the FedEx Supply Chain.
Frederick Smith: There were numerous questions from various folks, some of whom were second and third questions about the implications of e-commerce packages picked up from stores and what the implications are for FedEx. We move many, many millions of items in the stores today, packages and pallets. And some of them, I'm sure, are picked up, and the vast majority of them are sold off the shelves. And similarly, we move a lot from fulfillment centers straight to customer’s doors. So I think there is, quite frankly, this view of what FedEx does through the lens of e-commerce and particularly, residential or individual e-commerce. And the company is certainly involved in that, but the bigger story is the enormous upstream network operated by FedEx. And there's only one other one of a similar size and scope, and that is UPS. Of course, DHL is really big internationally but not so big in the U.S. anymore. So for those of you who've never seen it, I'd invite you to go to fedex.com/dream and punch on the e-commerce film down there. I think it's about 2 minutes and 30-some seconds, and you will see the size and scope of the upstream networks of FedEx. And what the basic business of this company is along with our value-added logistic services is to pick up, transport and deliver from any address in the world to any other address in 1 to 2 business days. And I think we're connecting something like 92% plus of the world's GDP in that fashion. So several quarters ago, I talked about Metcalfe's Law, and that upstream network is the primary value add that FedEx brings. These days, because of the marvellous e-commerce revolution, almost all of the focus is on last-mile and residential deliveries. And there, the largest player is the United States Postal Service, and they are the biggest provider of retail light packages to homes done in conjunction with mail delivery. So a lot of these things get very jumbled up, and so we can't answer your questions because the questions don't correspond to the way the real world is. They correspond only to the sort of popular view of the logistics business being all about residential e-commerce. And it is not. It is far, far larger than that, and that leads to the statistics that Raj gave you. And I felt I needed to, again, make that comment because a lot of these questions are sort of directed to this. Well, people are picking up things in stores, and they're been ordered by an e-commerce transaction and separated to be picked up. And I think on the margin, that's important but not nearly as important as some people think who follow this industry. So CapEx, are you buying more aircraft? What new planes are you adding? Dave can follow up on this. I think that you're probably focusing on the fact that we pulled 2 planes forward. So Dave, you want to comment on that?
David Bronczek: Yes, that's right, and Alan pointed it out already. I mean, we have pulled 2 planes forward with Boeing, and we're in the middle of talking to Boeing about future opportunities of course. But the Boeing 777s are so valuable to us on a global basis. It connects the Asian, Chinese market overnight to the United States without a fuel or tech stop right into our hub in Memphis. So of course it was a good opportunity for us, and we took advantage of it.
Frederick Smith: There are some questions about Amazon. I think I answered that in my rather long-winded thing. I mean, Amazon is a fantastic company, and it delivers things to all of us. And there is -- we deliver a lot of things that are ordered over the Amazon website. We move things for Amazon and so forth, but there is far too much focus on that as opposed to the larger part of FedEx' business. There was some question here about overnight box volumes declined 5%. That was due to one customer who changed their distribution pattern. Yes, I think that we'll sort of kind of end up here with one question. I'll let Alan do it. Again, there are a couple of questions about Ground expansion, but I think we basically answered all of those. You want to add something, Raj?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Yes, I just wanted to just clarify that the overnight box –volume declined 0.5%.
Frederick Smith: Yes, 0.5%. I'm sorry, I misspoke, 0.5%, not 5%. But that was due to the change in patterns of one customer. So the last one, we'll give it to Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Henry said that Ground probably will improve but didn't answer about Ground margins. And Scott, we're probably never going to answer you about it. That's why I keep saying this is FedEx Corporation and not FedEx Ground conference call. Henry told you that FedEx Ground would - is shooting for mid-teen margins. We're shooting at the corporate level for increased margins, cash flows, returns on capital, and we believe we will deliver that. And our corporate margins are expected to improve this year. So I think that is about all the questions that we have, and I'll turn it back over to Mickey.
Mickey Foster: Okay. Thank you very much for your participation in FedEx Corporation's Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you. And that concludes today's presentation. We thank you all for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-03-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - VP, IR Fred Smith - Chairman & CEO Dave Bronczek - President & COO Alan Graf - EVP & CFO Christine Richards - EVP, General Counsel & Secretary Rob Carter - EVP, FedEx Information Services and CIO Don Colleran - EVP, Chief Sales Officer Rajesh Subramaniam - EVP, Chief Marketing & Communications Officer Dave Cunningham - President & CEO of FedEx Express Henry Maier - President & CEO of FedEx Ground Mike Ducker - President & CEO of FedEx Freight
Analysts: Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Chris Wetherbee - Citi Tom Wadewitz - UBS Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Jack Atkins - Stephens Investment Scott Group - Wolfe Research Bascome Majors - Susquehanna David Vernon - Bernstein Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon and welcome to FedEx Corporation’s third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter earnings release, 28-page stat book and earnings presentation slides are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website and the replay and earnings slides will be available for about one year. Written questions are welcomed via e-mail or through the webcast console. When you send your questions, please include your full name and contact information. Our e-mail address is ir@fedex.com. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today Fred Smith, Chairman; Dave Bronczek, President and Chief Operating Officer; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Don Colleran, Executive Vice President, Chief Sales Officer, FedEx Corporation; Rajesh Subramaniam, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing and Communications Officer, FedEx Corporation; David Cunningham, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome to our discussion of results for the third quarter of fiscal 2017. We appreciate the interest of the people on the call. As our press release notes, we reaffirm our FY'17 guidance of $11.85 to $12.35, adjusted EPS based on our expectation of an excellent fourth quarter and despite the 30% year-over-year fuel cost increase in the third quarter. Going forward, we will experience less volatility in earnings when fuel prices change rapidly due to our new weekly versus monthly fuel charge adjustment system that was implemented last month. Alan will cover this in greater detail. I should note given the interest in the subject, FedEx Ground segment margin will be 15% plus in the current quarter and Alan will also comment further on this. FedEx delivered an outstanding peak season with our highest volumes ever and record service levels. I think our team members around the world for doing this. We believe strongly that our strategic investments to expand our global scope and our portfolio of services will significantly increase long-term profits. During the third quarter for example, FedEx was pleased to extend our 16-year Express Air transportation relationship with the U.S. Postal Service and we added to our range of customer solutions with FedEx Fulfillment to benefit small and medium-sized businesses and we reached agreement with Walgreens to broaden convenient access to FedEx services. Raj will provide additional context on these. The integration of TNT Express is proceeding smoothly and we are targeting operating income improvement at the FedEx Express Group of $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion in fiscal 2020 versus fiscal 2017. Alan and Dave Bronczek will offer additional information on this. We reiterate our continued improvement -- continued commitment to grow corporate earnings, margins, cash flows and returns over the long term. Recently Fortune Magazine recognized FedEx as one of the best companies to work for and world's most admired companies, a reflection of the commitment by more than 400,000 team members who are purple promise, which simply states, I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. Now I'll turn the call over to Raj.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Thank you, Fred. I'd open with our economic update and outlook, then discuss our performance and business conditions in each segment, including revenue, volume and yield and provide some commentary on broader industry trends and enhancements to the FedEx portfolio. We see moderate growth in the global economy. We expect U.S. GDP growth of 2.3% and CY '17 driven by robust consumer spending and stronger business investment. Industrial production growth should rebound to 1.5% this year. GDP and industrial production are expected to grow by 2.5% and 2.4% respectively in CY '18. For the global economy, we forecast growth of 2.6% for CY '17 and 2.8% for CY '18. Now I'll review revenue, volume and yields trends by segment. U.S. domestic express package revenue grew 3% year-over-year in Q3. Yield per package increased 3% as a result of increased weight per package, dim devisor change and improved rate and discount. Yield excluding fuel surcharge increased 2%. Fiscal year '17 Q3 had one operating day less than Q3 last year, which lowered the revenue growth and year-over-year comparison. Domestic Express package volume increased by 1% year-over-year during the quarter. FedEx international export package revenue increased 4% year-over-year in Q3. FedEx international priority volume increased 5%, while international economy volume grew 2%. International export package yield increased 1%, excluding fuel and exchange rate impact, yields increased 2%, primarily driven by impact of product and destination mix. The Ground segment revenue increased 6% year-over-year, while average daily volume increased 2% year-over-year. Ground yield per package increased 6%, benefiting from the annual rate increase and yield improvement in both Ground and SmartPost and the ground dim devisor change. As has been mentioned before, FY '17 Q3 also had one operating day less than Q3 of last year. Fuel prices did not have a material impact on yield per package. FedEx Freight segment increased -- revenue increased 3% year-over-year in Q3. Average daily shipments are flat year-over-year and this is partially driven by our stronger emphasis on pricing improvement. Revenue per LTL shipment increased 4%. Excluding the impact of fuel surcharge revenue, the revenue per LTL shipment was up 2%. The third quarter included most of the 2016 peak holiday season. This year's peak was a record-breaking both in volume, but most importantly service. We are proud of more than -- more than 400,000 team members around the world who came together to provide record service levels this past holiday. With volume that more than doubled our daily average on multiple days, all of our year around preparation paid off and our networks performed as designed to meet the surge in demand. Once again, volume during this season was impacted by the continued growth of e-commerce. The retail and e-tail industry and consumer shopping patterns continue to evolve. We had record volumes over the peak season although we had a few large customers who had volumes below their peak forecast. We are already well into our planning for peak 2017 to ensure we are ready to meet our customer's needs in a profitable manner. The retail industry is being transformed the e-commerce and FedEx is at the forefront of innovating and incrementing solutions up and down the value chain that make e-commerce convenient and accessible to consumers around the world. In this context, we made some significant enhancements to the FedEx portfolio during the quarter. Let me highlight a couple of them. First, we recently announced a long-time alliance agreement with Walgreens or FedEx On-Site. FedEx On-Site is a nationwide network of alternate delivery locations, which is a direct response to our customers setting us they want access to more choices for package delivery and drop off. FedEx On-Site locations include some Albertsons and some Kroger grocery stores as well as select Office Depot, OfficeMax and FedEx authorized ship centers. Adding Walgreens will dramatically increase the number of FedEx on-site locations. Walgreens is an ideal partner. They're well-respected brand with whom we had a long relationship and are well known for their convenient locations. We already started the rollout and expect nearly 8,000 Walgreens locations with FedEx On-Site in time for this year's peak season. Second, we also announced the launch of FedEx fulfillment in February. This is an e-commerce logistics solution for small and medium-sized businesses. The strength of the FedEx portfolio allowed us to bring to market a fulfillment solution with advanced warehouse management, the latest same-day cut-off times, two-day ground shipping throughout the United States and a seamless return process. FedEx Fulfillment also improves order accuracy through top-tier warehouse management systems and experts in fulfillment. We've received strong customer interest over the first few weeks since launch especially with small and medium-sized customers who are in need of a powerful and attractive alternative to competitive e-tail logistics and fulfillment options. I'll now turn the call over to Alan Graf.
Alan Graf: Thank you, raj. Well done for your rookie performance. Good afternoon, everyone. I hope your NCAA Brackets are holding up better than mine and all your favorite college teams are winning. Looking at FedEx Corporation third quarter results, the net impact of fuel, one fewer operating day at Express and Ground and ground expansion costs weighed significantly on earnings. A bright spot was yield growth at all our transportation segments as we continue to improve our revenue quality and manage yields. Three things you should know about fuel. First jet fuel prices increased 30% year-over-year for the quarter. Second, year-over-year we had a benefit from net fuel in Q3 last year and a loss from net fuel this year and thirdly, last month as Fred mentioned, we began adjusting our fuel surcharge weekly instead of monthly for both Express and Ground. This should better match volatility of our fuel expenses to our surcharge. With that change, fuel will not impact our future results as much as it did in the past and we will not fully lapp those year-over-year impacts until February of 2018. Our effective tax rate of 37.5% for the quarter was 203 basis points higher than last year and was also a drag. Higher tax rate in FY '17 are due to costs incurred in connection with the integration of TNT Express as well as local country losses in some entities within TNT for which no tax benefit was recognized due to uncertainty for the utilization of these losses. This impact has been partially offset by the continuing benefit to the tax rate from last year's early adoption of the accounting standards update for share-based payments. During the next three years however, the benefits of the TNT Express integration, fleet modernization, yield management, e-commerce growth and investments in network capabilities and efficiency will drive significant earnings growth. For the full year, we are reaffirming our guidance for adjusted earnings of $11.85 to $12.35 per diluted share, assuming moderate economic growth as Raj discussed. Earnings in Q4 will primarily be driven by growth in volume and yield and Express and Ground as well as the inclusion of TNT Express. As Fred mentioned, we expect ground segment operating margin to be 15% plus for the quarter. We expect our effective tax rate to fall from Q3 to Q4 and our FY'17 effective tax rate should be about 35% prior to year-end mark-to-market accounting. Our capital spending forecast for FY'17 is approximately $300 million lower at $5.3 billion due to reduced spending forecast at FedEx Ground. For the year, we have made contributions totaling $2 million to our tax qualified U.S. domestic pension plans, which is $1.5 billion more than what is required, partially funded by the $1.2 million debt offering we issued in January. We do not expect to make any further contributions to these pension plans during this fiscal year. We anticipate our U.S. pension plans will make benefit payments aggregating in excess of $1 billion in the fourth quarter to former employees who elected to receive their benefits early under a voluntary program. This payout will allow us to reduce future liabilities and administrative costs associated with our U.S. pension plans. Our U.S. pension plans continue to have ample funds to meet expected benefit payments. At Ground, operating income declined 8% year-over-year because of higher rent, depreciation and staffing as a result of network expansion, unfavorable net fuel impact and one fewer operating day. Ground's FY'17 CapEx forecast is reduced from $2 billion to $1.7 billion, much of which is timing the projects that are already underway. We continue our intense focus on balancing capacity and volume growth with yield management at Ground. These actions affected our Q3 volume results and are also expected to mute Q4 volume growth. While network expansion dampens Ground's near-term profitability, we believe these investments will enhance long-term earnings, margins and cash flow. At Freight, higher salaries, wages and information technology expenses reduced operating income. As with Ground, we're working toward a better balance of volume, pricing and capacity. Those efforts along with an expected improvement in the U.S. industrial environment should lead to better operating results at FedEx Freight in coming quarters. Express adjusted operating income was significantly impacted year-over-year by the unfavorable net impact of fuel and one fewer operating day. On a GAAP basis, Express results included $31 million of TNT Express integration expenses for the quarter. Express results benefited from higher yields and volumes and we continue to manage network capacity to match customer demand, reduce structural costs, modernize our fleet and increase productivity. At TNT, revenues were approximately $1.8 billion within adjusted operating profit of $40 million. Adjusted operating margin was 2.2%. Adjustments to operating income for Q3 included TNT Express integration and restructuring expenses of $22 million as well as intangible asset amortization of $16 million. With respect to the TNT integration, and you will hear more on the shortly from Dave, we continue to have a great degree of confidence in the TNT acquisition and the value to the enterprise. We have a very long history of success in integrating businesses into FedEx and TNT is no exception as the integration is going extremely well. In the nine months following close, we learned a great deal more about the TNT business. The business we acquired was severely under-invested, particularly in IT and in operations which is driving additional investments. Furthermore, prior to the acquisition, TNT announced a restructuring program with numerous initiatives to improve the business. Over the fall, we executed a strategic assessment to optimize capital and expense across the base FedEx Express and TNT businesses, the TNT restructuring program and the integration activities. The result is a more streamlined set of projects and initiatives that deliver the greatest benefits. We believe that the combination of the businesses is more than just an integration of the businesses and we are positioning ourselves to leverage combined businesses in a very powerful way. We see the combination of these two businesses as transformative and expect significant synergies from the integration. As the integration progresses, businesses are combined and countries are fully integrated. Discrete financial information about the legacy business will no longer exist on a comparable basis. So, beginning in FY'18, we intend to eliminate the TNT segment and to begin reporting FedEx Express group results in one segment, FedEx Express segment. Given these plan changes, we'll begin describing our target for the TNT integration benefits along with improvements in the base business in terms of the FedEx Express group operating income. We are targeting operating income improvement at the FedEx Express Group of between $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion in FY'20 versus our final FY'17 adjusted results, assuming moderate income economic growth as well as current accounting and tax rules. Based on this target and current tax rules, we expect to lower our pre-mark-to-market effective tax rate to around 33% to 34% with the completion of the integration. The pace of the integration activities in FY'17 combined with preparations for FY'18 is dictating higher levels of dedicated integration personnel training for our teams, professional fees to support the integration, as well as for investments in IT and operations. As a result, we are increasing this year's forecast for integration and restructuring related spending by $50 million to $300 million and acceleration previously planned for later in the four-year integration plan. We expect the aggregate integration expense over four years to be approximately $800 million. The actual timing and amounts of these integration-related estimates are subject to change as we implement and adjust our plans. The integration is complex and the timing and pace of the integration is subject to change based on numerous factors and dependencies. However, we ultimately get to our target -- how we ultimately get to our target will evolve as market conditions and other factors change. We are highly confident in our target and our goals for the Express Group. And now Dave will give you an update on our progress with the TNT integration.
Dave Bronczek: Okay. And thank you, Alan. Good afternoon to everyone. The TNT acquisition as I'm sure you know is the largest in FedEx's history and we have discussed this with you previously. This provides extensive benefits to FedEx, including rapidly accelerating our European and global growth around the world, substantially enhancing our global footprint and leveraging TNT's lower cost road networks in Europe, Middle East and Asia, producing improved results for the entire corporation. Our global integration teams are working to bring TNT and it's 54,000 employees and their operations across 200 countries and more than one million shipments daily into the FedEx Express system. The integration of TNT and FedEx is on track with significant progress thus far in fiscal 2017. Our teams around the world are energized, they are focused on delivering the opportunities and the benefits that's provided by this combination. The integration plan that was developed prior to the close of the deal, has been fully validated and did not require a significant revision, which has given us tremendous momentum as we moved into the execution phase. While we have a multi-year integration ahead of us, my comments will give you some additional context on why we're so confident in the value of this deal and the status of our progress to date, which has gone extremely well. On the people side, our leadership team is now all in place. We continue to benefit from the expertise of TNT's personnel. More than 35% of our integration, international officer positions are now held by former TNT executives. We have an outstanding leadership team in place to drive our integration and as Alan and Fred have already talked about, the integration is a key driver to FedEx Express FY'20 operating income improvement target of between $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion. The benefits of the integration will be driven by four key areas, the first being optimizing pickup and delivery operations. We are implementing new technology and optimizing the location of all of our facilities and all of our stations to deliver unmatched service. We'll benefit from efficiencies, improved stop density and the economies of scale that come along with the integration of pickup and delivery operations. Next, we will operate one integrated global express network, capitalizing on technology and solutions, the most efficiently route parcels and freight through our integrated hub, line haul and of course, our Intercontinental air network, to deliver the absolute best service for our combined customers while at the same time, significantly dropping our costs. Third, we will improve the efficiency of staff functions with improved IT solutions, streamlining support functions and realizing significant sourcing savings globally. And last but certainly not least, we will grow revenue by offering a best-in-class portfolio of services through a single sales team, a single online customer facing tool and through revenue management activities focused on improving market share, yield and of course, profitability. As you all know, these are network businesses and require the combination of our pickup and delivery operations at a local level, our air and ground networks and our extensive operational sales and back office IT system. Given all the factors, we continue to expect the full integration to take four years to complete from the date of the acquisition, which was last May. Now on the integration of the two businesses we generally have concluded at a country level there is different integration models and we have identified the planning process. Those integration models are what we call direct serve -- the direct serve; its FedEx the TNT or a global service partner at FedEx through global service partner at TNT or two one or the other. Using these models however, to date, we have successfully integrated 33 countries around the world already. Beyond these 33 countries, other country integrations are underway, including three that we launched during this third quarter; Spain, Japan, United Arab Emirates, our integration in the United States and Canada, which started in the first quarter of FY'17 will in fact be complete by May 31. In total, we have approximately 50 countries in process or completed to this point. In addition to representing different integration models, the countries completed to date are well established markets with high value opportunities and from them, we're learning very valuable lessons. While the integration activities are most visible at the country level, the integration is supported by several key back office initiatives mainly by our IT functions around the world. One of these and a foundational element is the success of the integration of our two companies and the ability for us to handle TNT packages inside FedEx and FedEx packages inside TNT. This cross-scan technology we are deploying will significantly benefit our customers and of course all of our employees. This first phase of technology was launched February 27. Now as we look to the fourth quarter in April, we will begin a phased conversion of the intercontinental flights currently operated by ASL Belgium, the FedEx Express operation. The first phase will convert the TNT Transatlantic flight and over time the wide-body operations between Asia and Europe. These changes bring benefits to approximately 100,000 existing TNT customers for shipping to the United States and to Canada, with improved transit times and a broader service coverage. And beyond the air network changes, country level integration preparation and executions are in full swing. As we are preparing for our FY'18 launch of integrated activities, we're adding 25 more countries. So, as you can tell, we have a complex and multi-year integration ahead of us and we are off to a very strong, fast, productive and extremely important for us, team collaboration going forward. So, with that, I'm in a turn it back over to Mickey for opening up for Q&A.
Mickey Foster: Okay. We're going to take two questions from questions that were submitted before and then we'll take two live questions. Fred?
Fred Smith: All right Mickey, let's start off with a question about capital. A, will CapEx as a percentage of sales come down by the end of this decade or will it remain elevated beyond 2020. Any specifics would be appreciated. That's from Amit Mehrotra, Deutsche Bank. And B, what will be your biggest requirements for capital over the next five years? As a percentage of revenue, do you expect your capital budgets to be less, the same or more than will be this year Matthew Troy, Wells Fargo. Alan will take this.
Alan Graf: The biggest requirements for capital over the next five years will remain elevated at Express. We have a current pace that we have right now and you can see in our stat book how that pace continues. So, I think over time, we will start to see post FY'18 CapEx as a percentage of revenue will begin to decline. TNT is not nearly as capital intensive as Express is. Although we are investing a lot in the integration and as you saw in my opening remarks, we've accelerated a lot of these costs into '17 and will bring some of '19 into '18 because we've been so successful as Dave so eloquently described. There are a couple wildcards in what I'm saying here. One is if we can somehow get approval for 33-foot twins, those have a ridiculously fast payback and we will begin to re-fleet our linehaul ground operations as rapidly as we can. Those were not in my projections and then secondarily, if there is expensing of capital as part of the tax code, we're likely to accelerate our capital spending as well because we get significantly improved returns on essentially the interest-free loan from the government but be able to expense day one.
Fred Smith: Okay. The next question from the Internet is how you drive better forecasting from customers? Can you incentivize them to provide a more accurate forecast or penalize them for overpromising deliveries? Helane Becker of Cowen? Raj?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Yes sir. As I mentioned before, our planning is well underway for the peak 2017 to ensure we provide outstanding service for our customers and we continue to work with our customers year-round to prepare for peak. Now it's important to remember that it was relatively small number of customers that drive the bulk of surge in demand at peak and we work closely with each of them to ensure the highest possible levels of accuracy on their forecast. But do keep in mind that forecasting e-commerce volume at peak is an exact signs at best. With all that being said, we're looking at several pricing options to ensure that we get a reasonable return on investments that we're making.
Fred Smith: Okay. Now we'll take some live questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] And we'll take our first question from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Allison Landry: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow-up on the earlier CapEx question, but sort of honing in on Ground specifically, so it seems fair to say that with elevated spending at Ground over the last two years along with the pretty meaningful ramp in CapEx at UPS recently announced that volume growth has become more expensive. So really my question is, are the investments that you're currently making to improve efficiencies in margins solving today's problems and then if we look out another three to five years assume customer demand will continue to evolve. Could you find yourself in a similar situation whereby you need to continue to invest to solve tomorrow's issues? So really has e-commerce led to a structural increase in the capital intensity of the Ground business in your view? Thanks.
Henry Maier: Allison, this is Henry Maier. Well, first of all, I think we get an awful lot of flexibility out of these highly-automated projects that we've deployed last couple years. In fact, today we operate roughly 100 fully automated facility that includes hogs, that includes automated satellites and we have a lot of incremental capacity built into those buildings just by virtue of the fact that the technology not only allows us to operate those buildings more per day, we get better productivity out of them. They require about 30% less headcount to operate and the automation of the operation allows us to flex that capacity across the network, depending upon where the volume shows up. So, we've invested in capacity today through our CapEx spend, that is going to allow us the ability to flex up and down based on volume for some time. In terms of just network planning in general, we have a five-year plan. It's a rolling five-year plan. We adjust the number of projects up or down based on trends we see in the business. I would say that other than the items that Alan mentioned, probably the biggest thing out of our control right now with respect to our CapEx spend is the timing of the projects. We had three major hubs this year delayed due to weather. We had a land acquisition that was delayed because we discovered some historic artifacts on it. So, through the due the due diligence process, we're going to have to comply with the state laws with regard to finding those kind of things. So, I think we're in good shape today and in the future. I don't feel like we're in the catch-up mode. We've been in the last couple years and I am going to throw this back to Alan. He wants to make a comment here.
Alan Graf: Allison, a couple more points, the vast majority of the volume that we carry at FedEx Corporation is business to business and while e-commerce is the fastest-growing piece, it's the smallest piece. And secondarily, as we discussed many times and we can discuss that at infinitum, we can't afford the same capital intensity for peak e-commerce volume, which is why we have been backing away from some customers and raising our prices significantly. So that balancing act will continue for us going forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Wetherbee at Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Good afternoon, guys. I wanted to follow up on ground a little bit and sort of the CapEx relative to capacity utilization, so we're assuming $300 million off of this year. I think Alan has sounded like that was a bit of a pull forward. Are we lowering the ground spend going forward when I get a sense of maybe how your trajectory might look beyond fiscal '17 and then just thinking about the fiscal fourth quarter outlook, your ability to sort of fill up that underutilized capacity that you invested in earlier this year. How that's ramping up through the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Alan Graf: I think you're going to expect that our CapEx spend will decline over time. The size of the projects that we're bringing on, I think will position us for the future. In terms of capacity, we generally buy, we acquire land for what we believe is the end state for the facility, but we don't build to a future need, which gives us the ability to expand those facilities over time as business conditions warrant. A great example of that is next year we have one new hub coming online, which is in Houston and we have two hub expansion projects, which are at existing hubs, one being in Champaign, Illinois and the other in Northern Kentucky. So, we don't really have -- I don't want to give you the perception here that we have unused capacity. We really don't. Once, we get the facility in place, we have the -- we just engineer the ability to expand it over some number of years as it reaches full phase in its life.
Mickey Foster: Okay. Now we'll do two questions here. Fred?
Fred Smith: Okay. There are a couple of addition ones on Ground. I think I am going to segue right into that, since they follow on what Henry's been talking about and then there is one of freight. This is a question about what percentage of SmartPost volume can be redirected into Ground by end of 2018? Any targets you can share in terms of potential margin impact this would -- this could have would be appreciated; Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank. And then a related question from David Ross of Stifel, is are you having any problems getting contractors Henry?
Henry Maier: Down the first question, I think we got to keep in mind here that the mission is improving delivery density and revenue per stop and we're getting some software delivered this summer. We call it The Terminator. Internally, it's part of a delivery optimization project that allows us to virtually divert packages in the network from SmartPost to ground that have the same address on the same day. But you got to keep in mind here that there is also an opportunity with adjacent deliveries and the ability to build density through the expansion of our retail on-site network, which is the Walgreens deal that we did couple months ago that Raj referred to. So, there is a number of moving parts here that get us to where we believe we need to be. We do have an internal number, but we've decided that we're going to keep it internal for this time. In terms of Ground businesses and the trouble of finding contractors, you might be surprised to know that the actual number of businesses under contract has declined over time and that's been the result of two things. One, the size of these businesses is getting larger and two, our transition to a single independent service provider contract nationwide. Currently we contract with roughly 6,000 small businesses that collectively employ over 60,000 employees and we have seen no indication that these businesses are having any trouble attracting drivers either on the line haul side or on the pickup and delivery side. And we just came through a record peak season and they performed admirably in terms of being able to get the necessary resources to handle the volume.
Fred Smith: So, we have a question or two on freight, you mentioned on the last call the investments being made at FedEx Freight. Is that why the margin is compressed a bit and you talk about the investments being made and how they should set FedEx apart from the competition? That's from David Ross of Stifel. And what investment is the firm meaning Freight making in natural gas tractors and do you think over the next few years that these alternative sources will reduce fuel expenses at FedEx Freight? That's from Keith Schoonmaker of Morningstar? Mike Ducker?
Mike Ducker: Okay. Thank you, David. Yes, there is somewhat that is partial reason for the margin compression. There are a number of different areas we're investing in. Number one, safety systems. 80% of our fleet today has the most recent safety features available on the fleet. We'll be 100% complete by the end of '18. We're investing in customer automation systems, line haul optimization systems and replacing some legacy systems as well as new dimensioning technology. All of those investments are really aimed at our goal of double-digit margin and improving the customer experience. So, hope that answers your question. Secondly Keith, we have the signature facility in Oklahoma City with 100 CNG trucks operating today. We opened that facility in October. So, it's somewhat dependent on the difference in CNG pricing and diesel pricing. So, it's really too early to tell the long-term impacts of that. But we're monitoring that closely and looking at investing in these newer kinds of technology and really the whole Corporation or FedEx Freight Corporation in embracing the new technologies available to us.
Fred Smith: Let me make an editorial comment based on what Mike said about our reaching 80% of our FedEx Freight having these new modern technologies in the tractors. Similarly, Ground has been providing incentives and soon all of our independent service providers will be required to have these same types of technologies and quite frankly, the Department of Transportation and the Congress should mandate these technologies. It is simply unacceptable to have vehicles on the road that don't have these modern technologies that can prevent so many accidents that take place historically because of the inability to stop in time or to change lanes precipitously and so forth. So, every truck load carrier in the United States every LTL carry ground parcel, it should all be mandated and we're trying as hard as we can to push this technology into every vehicle we have as fast as we have, as we possibly can do it.
Mickey Foster: Okay. Let's take a couple of live questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good afternoon. I wanted to appreciate the new information you update on TNT. This is a lot of good information to work with. It's great to hear about the strong progress there. I was wondering if you could help us understand maybe the new framework of the $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion versus the prior framework of $750 million? How much of an increase is there versus the prior $750 million? Obviously, it's a different categorization. In sounds like it's a expansion on the $750 million that you think there is more there at TNT standalone, but I don't know if you could parse that out on a comparable basis and give us a sense of that? Thank you.
Dave Bronczek: Okay. Thank you. This is Dave Bronczek. Then I'll turn it over to David Cunningham. Let me start off by saying what Alan said earlier. We decided and it's in the best interest of our company to just look at it holistically starting June 1. So, we're not going to break out TNT and FedEx Express into the future and the combination of TNT and FedEx Express, the synergies of it all are what we've actually presented to you now. So, looking at our business and our business model and our strategic outlook, combined with TNT and what we see and what we've seen before and putting it all together, these are the numbers that we've now come up with and so because of all the hard work and because of all the teams that have been working on this for almost a year now, we're confident to give you these new numbers. So, David?
Dave Cunningham: So, just a couple of quick questions and thanks. We got a lot of moving parts in this equation. You got two base business. You got integration. You've got fleet changes and so what we try to do is give you the ability and us the ability to measure our progress in very clear terms between now and then. So that's what this target is and that incorporates the synergies that we identified earlier.
Alan Graf: It's Alan. So also, everything else we're doing at Express, so there are unbelievable things going on at Domestic Express, things that have nothing to do with TNT in terms of productivity. We continue to deploy automation and IT solutions everywhere that are increasing our cost performance and so I can't see the $750 million anymore. It's really the issue and I might've been able to see it little bit longer, but we've done such a good job with speeding up the integration that became very clear. So, we haven’t wait till June. We just thought we would deliver this news now and so you'll know what to expect.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Okay. Good afternoon, everyone and thanks for taking my question. Alan or Fred, I guess as I look at the outlet here, if margins are improving at Ground from where we are today and you get the express improvement as you've laid out and we appreciate the guidance as well. Sounds like you're going to have more free cash flow although I'm not sure that we heard a commitment that CapEx will stay flat from here, but I'm thinking more strategically at the Board level Fred, is there any emphasis or change in strategy as we need to start compensating people on the long-term plans, not just an EPS growth, but also look at free cash conversion or return on invested capital?
Fred Smith: It's funny you should ask that I just requested several months ago another look at whether we should put an ROIC component into our LTI, which Judie Edge who heads up our Corporate HR and Strategic Finance, headed up by Bob Henning just did a crackerjack report and we will show this to our Board of Directors either at the next meeting or the June meeting. I can't member which. But bottom line is our current correlation between EPS and shareholder return is so close, it's approaching 95% and the dangers of perverse incentives of putting things like that on automatic pilot are so great that we don't think that it makes sense. Now having said that, for those of you who have been here or listen to what we've said over the last year and a half, let me say it again. I don't think that FedEx Corporation CapEx in absolute dollars is going to vary too much for the foreseeable future. We want to put these new modern airplanes in. We see an opportunity to continue to grow our ground business, the Freight 2020 initiative that Mike said. But with the numbers that we gave you today, it just reinforces what we've been saying that margins, cash flows and returns are going to increase over the next several years. So, there should be an increase in free cash flow unless we do some other corporate development activity or as Alan mentioned to you, there is expensing of the new tax bill or we got 33 foot trailers, which is a huge improvement in national productivity and safety as we've been arguing over and over again. That might change in a little bit, but I don't think you're going to see the CapEx materially change the next few years. It's just too lucrative to us and our position does nothing but strengthen competitively by continuing to do this, but we will be throwing off more free cash flow in the years to come as a result of these projections or outlooks that Alan gave to you particularly based on AT&T synergies.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good afternoon. Could you delve in a little bit to B2C versus B2B growth in Ground in the quarter, just to give us a feel of how each of those performed versus past peak? And then a little commentary on what you would think for Ground volume going forward? Thanks very much.
Rajesh Subramaniam: Let me kick if off and then I'll turn it over to Henry. This is Raj. We do not break out our commercial and residential volume growth numbers. Although what I can tell you is that we did see higher growth rates in our residential delivery volume driven by e-commerce.
Henry Maier: Yes, I would say without breaking out our Ground and sorry, commercial and residential volumes, our commercial volume has been very strong and have been for the last three quarters or so. I think I'm pretty bullish on where we are from here, but you need to understand that we're going to continue to balance yield and volume going forward as Alan and others have said here. And other than that, I think you can continue to see us make good progress in this area.
Mickey Foster: Okay. I think we'll do a couple more questions Fred. Okay on the United States Postal Service, what would be the implications for FedEx and the industry at USPS reform actually passes in the law? As written it seems to broadly support the USPS financially, which could lead to greater competition, but also higher capacity for SmartPost and other products? That's from Brian Ossenbeck of JPMorgan. And what are the implications for the extended FedEx and USPS day sort contract with Express also from Brian? So, let me break this into two parts. First let me ask Christine Richards to comment on the legislation that's being considered by the Congress and then I'll get her revert it back to me and either Dave Bronczek or I or one of us will comment about the other two aspects of this question.
Christine Richards: Hello, the implications of this legislation passing would be positive and we strongly support the postal reform bill that passed out of the house oversight committee last week. As you may know, the unique pre-funding requirements imposed on the Postal Service with respect to the cost of their retiree health requires them to pre-find those obligations and may have failed to make the payments for several years now. It's time for legislation to address this situation and provide stability to one of our largest customers and also a very important vendor for us.
Fred Smith: So, let me just talk about in the broadest terms here. Obviously, our daytime system is as a great asset of FedEx. It's terrific for the Postal Service. It provides wonderful service for their priority mail. It allows us to transport on the same airplane, our two-day express and our IE traffic to and from international points as required. So, I think you will continue to see us put a lot of emphasis in these areas. In the case of SmartPost overall, I think it's important to people that follow this industry to again recognize that there is no entity that has the delivery density of the United States Postal Service. Henry knows these number better than I, but it's something like $155 million deliveries they make every day. I think it's 120 million residential and 30 how is it, 125 million out of the 155 million are residential deliveries. They have mostly these small vehicles delivering mail, which pays for the route. The Postal Service's overall revenues are three quarters mail, one quarter package and the packages co-mingle with the mail has proven to be a very great thing for the e-commerce industry and for the Postal Service. The real question is what happens over time as mail is diverted to digital transmission as opposed to physical delivery, which lowers the revenue per stop and what implications that has on the package business? There is this constant refrain about the Postal Service as quote, "a competitor as in this question, the biggest part of the Postal Service is packaged delivery business is partial select, that's where you have upstream providers pick up transport and insert into the Postal Service packages for last mile delivery by the Postal Service. That's our SmartPost. FedEx round every day or every operating day injects into approximately 22,000 postal DD use as they call them, direct delivery units for last mile delivery. It's a wonderful agreement. We do all the upstream, these enormous hubs and operate these twin trailers, which again would be much better if they were 33 versus 28 and our SmartPost UPS's version of this UPS Assure Post and Amazon's direct injection into the Postal Service is the vast majority of the Postal Service's Parcel Select business. The next biggest cohort is postal pickup, transport and delivery of priority mail, most of which is transported by air by FedEx Express. Then there's some other segments there, first-class mail package or whatever it is at Sub 1 Pound is like the samplers you get and that and the other. That's the postal package business. There are some other ones, but there's this constant refrain of Postal Service as a competitor, the Postal Service is our good partner in most cases. There's some overlap there, but if you don't define the market clearly, you don't understand what these logistic systems are and what they are not and that's what's led to a lot of this mythology out there that people that only see the delivery end of it and not everything that's upstream.
Mickey Foster: Okay. We'll take some more live questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good afternoon. So, I just wanted to confirm on your 4Q targets. You reiterated your full-year target. If I look at that, it's 379 to 429 to make your range. You noted a 15% ground margin, can be put some other parameters on there. It seems like ground volume slowed down to just over 2%. Can you talk about are you still pushing away volumes there? Can you talk about your outlook and what's in that fourth quarter number, thanks?
Alan Graf: Well, I probably shouldn't have given you the dang bonus about grounds fourth quarter margin. So that will be the last time I do that. I think the point is that we didn't have the financial quarter in Q3 that we had expected, but we had a lot of reasons why that won't repeat. Notably some of our largest customers at Ground did not hit their forecast, yet we provided capacity for that, that went unused. We had one less operating down on what you have in your model for that. Fuel, as I described was a big change that will probably reverse itself in Q4 and then the tax rate. So, it's more steady as she goes and I were you guys, I would forget Q3. Look at everything else we said.
Fred Smith: But more importantly what you need to do is look at what Alan told you last June, what was the range you gave last June Alan.
Alan Graf: It was the same range except it was 10% lower on the bottom.
Fred Smith: Well that says everything you need to know.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Hey good evening, guys. Thanks for the time. So just a quick question here, referencing back to UPS' Analyst Day and their decision to initiate Saturday ground operations in the U.S. this year on a rolling basis. What sort of an impact do you think that could have on your own ground business? And would there be any need to make some changes to your own operating days during the week in response? Thank you.
Dave Bronczek: Jack, thanks for the question. You should know that we have been operating on Saturdays at FedEx Ground for going on 17 or 18 years now and operating six days a week is absolutely nothing new to us. In fact, every year at peak, at least for the past 10 years or so, we've operated six days a week sometimes seven every day from a cyber Monday through Christmas Eve. And our highly-automated facilities give us the capability to do this. Now given the growth of e-commerce, we thought some time ago that if retail customers could ship six days a week in December, they might like to do that 12 months out of the year. So, couple of years ago, we actually put together a concept where we began offering six-day delivery in select markets. Now in addition to the obvious customer benefits to this, you should know that there are some pretty significant operational benefits to operating six days a week around as well. What we've learned from all of this and what we continue to learn all through these pilots, is in order to get the full benefit of a six-day operation, e-commerce companies must fulfill and release volume over the weekend and time for sortation and delivery on a Monday. If they're able to do that, then you're going to hit a homerun because you significantly advance volume in the network that would've been due for Tuesday. As customers adjust their operations to fulfill and ship on weekends and do it year-round, I can assure you we are ready to take their business.
Mickey Foster: Fred?
Fred Smith: Okay. We have another question off the Internet. This is about Amazon. Amazon's interest in delivery has evolved rapidly from, this is a quote, not for me, from Cute Photo Ops of Drones who are now registering as an ocean and air forwarder to most recently announcing plans for a $1.5 million air hub not far from your largest competitors. As Amazon's posturing has become more aggressive and larger in scale have your thoughts changed on their potential impact on the industry and how you interact with them as a customer/competitor? Matthew Troy, Wells Fargo? Raj?
Rajesh Subramaniam: Thank you. Matthew. Let me just say that Amazon is a long-standing customers of ours and while Amazon does deliver a portion of their packages, they still rely heavily on USPS, UPS and FedEx for delivery and it's definitely worth mentioning that no single customer represents more than 3% of our total revenue and Amazon is far from being our largest customer.
Fred Smith: I think there is one more point to make here and that was Allen's comment a few minutes ago, the vast majority of FedEx business is business to business. 85% plus of our business has nothing to do with e-commerce. So, Amazon is a wonderful company and they certainly have revolutioned the e-commerce world and we're not sure what Amazon is going to do one way or another. But the FedEx system that consists of thousands of facilities and the ability to pick up transport and deliver it in one to two business days between any two addresses in the United States has been decades in the making and we think that we have a not great risk of being disrupted to use the term and we obviously as Raj and Dave Bronczek and others are putting a lot of effort into making sure that there is no opportunity for somebody to disrupt us on a substantial scale. So, I think again people focus on the e-commerce because everybody looks at this from their mobile phone forward where the real story is everything behind the mobile phone and that's what FedEx has in enormous quantities; airplanes, trucks, facility, team members. So hopefully that answers your question.
Mickey Foster: Okay. Now we'll take live questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks, afternoon. So just wanted to ask you just going back to the full-year guidance, so you're keeping the range, does that suggest that you think the midpoint is possible or would you think we should be better off at the lower end of the range? And then just separately, do you have a thought on ground margins for next year? Do you think we'll see year-over-year margin improvement at Ground in fiscal '18?
Fred Smith: I'm sorry. We didn't understand that question. Come on, goodness gracious. We've answered this question about as clearly as we can. We're not going to give you any more specificity on the range. If we wanted to do that, we would have been specific in the target and I think we've answered the question on Ground. We're very confident in Ground's earnings here, Alan?
Alan Graf: I don't know where to begin. The range is the range because we have a lot of moving parts and this is a big complicated company, but what we do is very hard to do I might add and I am so proud of our team that does this every day that goes back to the question that Fred just answered before. It is very hard to do. It's very capital intensive. There are so many things that go on around the world. I quit giving quarterly ranges because I can never hit him. So, I think we'll just let it stand for where we are and we'll talk about Ground's margins in FY'18 in June.
Fred Smith: And Scott, let me give you one example here of just what we're talking about. I happened to be in New York last Monday given a talk for Fortune Magazine. A snowstorm hit, which I unfortunate was out in. I don't know what that snowstorm cost FedEx with the size and scope of our operations, but it certainly cost us a significant amount of money at Ground, Freight and Express. So, whatever it is, that's why we have a range because stuff happens. Now if volumes are a bit stronger than we think in the fourth quarter, they won't make any difference. We'll be at the top end of the range. If volumes aren't quite as strong then that snowstorm may push us within the range to some other place. So, it's very difficult for us to be any more specific and I think as I mentioned a moment ago, for a company of this size, $60 million for the CFO a year ago June, to tell you that we were going to have a range and we now reconfirm 10 months later even I am in all of that. I think it's just remarkable with our financial planning folks and the great systems that Alan and Bob Henning and the operating companies to be up together, this is really something to watch that we're able to tell you with the degree of specificity that we do tell you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna Financial.
Bascome Majors: Yes, thanks for fitting me in here. So, I know the fulfillment business is pretty new here, but I was hoping you could just take a step back maybe give us the pitch that you use when you go in and try to convince a customer to use your fulfillment service over something like Amazon's and early on, what do you think is resonating there?
Henry Maier: Yes, this is Henry Maier. I am sorry. I didn't catch your name.
Bascome Majors: It's Bascome Majors with Susquehanna.
Henry Maier: Okay. How are you doing?
Bascome Majors: All right.
Henry Maier: So, let me give you a couple updates there. First of all the company that was formally known as GENCO was rebranded to FedEx supply chain in the quarter and we launched FedEx Fulfilment which I think you need to look at as an all-in-one logistics solution for e-commerce companies, but primarily targeted at small and medium-sized e-commerce companies, some of which are startups. Let me just put little bit of color around this. You really need to have somewhere between 50 and 2,000 shipments a day to fit into this and the reason why that range is necessary is because in order for this to work, you got to have the ability to keep your inventory in at least one of potentially two of these warehouses that are run by FedEx supply chain. The reason why that's important is, is that we've cited those fulfillment centers in such a way as we can reach 94% of the population out of two of the -- out of two of them in two days or less and I will let you this should be obvious to you why that's a big deal. The pitch is simply this, FedEx Fulfilment is a one-stop shop for warehousing, fulfillment order management, inventory and transportation management, and reverse logistics, which allows these small to medium sized customers to really focus on their business, which is selling things online. It is not a marketplace. However, since these folks may be selling on their own market, on their own website, it gives them the ability for us to have -- for them to have visibility to their inventory as they could potentially sell across some of the 90 or so marketplaces that exist out there. Its highly customizable in the sense that you can -- we will actually ship your product in your own branded carton, which is really important because there are now companies that don't allow you to sell or sorry, to fulfill for certain fulfillment operations if it's going to show up in that company's branded box. They also do gift wrapping as part of this. So, something that's really important for some of these smaller facilities. It's also integrated with FedEx cross-border, which gives them the ability to sell internationally, which is a big deal for these small customers because generally the first thing they find out is once they get online and get the product on one of these marketplaces, orders come in from parts of the world they didn't expect. I will tell you that we're really grateful for the customer interest we've had in this today because it's far surpassed any of our expectations. Hope that answers your question.
Fred Smith: Again, let me stress what Henry just said here to make sure the plane is there. This lets the merchant sell on any marketplace. So, if they want to sell on Amazon, that's great. If they want to sell on Walmart, it is very aggressive trying to attract marketplace customers that they want to sell on eBay if they want to sell on Ali Baba, JD.com, as Henry said, there are 90 of these marketplaces. Now obviously, Amazon in this country is the biggest. So that is the advantage that they get all of the centralized support that Henry gave to you, but they can sell in any or all of the channels that they find most useful for their product and merchandise.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon: Good afternoon and thanks for taking the question. Maybe Dave, a question for you on the integration plan with the TNT lease shop. Are you guys planning to keep that as part of the network and as you guys work to integrate that? Can you talk a little bit about how your international capacity or transatlantic, transpacific capacity is going to be growing over the next couple years?
Dave Bronczek: Thanks for the question. Yes, Liège Belgium I was just there two months ago with my colleague Rob Carter and I have to tell you they've done a great job there. We're putting in new technology into the automation, into the hub there. We're starting, you probably saw the press release already come out. We have a 777 that starts in April that comes out of Liège, comes to Memphis, goes to Seattle, goes to Asia, it's going to be fantastic. In every way, we actually improve our service and our cutoffs and deliveries. So, the answer to your question specifically is yes. I'm proud of the management team in Liège. They’ve done a great job of transitioning from an old facility to a new one. It's critical to our success there. It goes a long side of our Cologne hub and our CDG hub. So, it will operate all three hubs there. It's very effective for us to have all three hub operations in Europe.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question. The question is on the operating income target at Express. Just wondering if you can provide any cadence of that improvement over the next three years and some color on what if any revenue synergies are included in that number? It just seems like there's an enormous opportunity to increase penetration with European multinational corporations given the enhanced presence in Europe. So if you could just talk about that or talk to that and what's assumed related to that in the new Express profit plan? Thank you.
Fred Smith: Well we agreed, there is a lot of opportunity and we're not going to give you the cadence of it at this point in time because that would be in tantamount to giving your forecast, which Alan does in June. Dave Bronczek?
Dave Bronczek: Yes, let me add to what Fred said, I can tell you that you're right and I said it in my comments, the sales organization in Europe is highly motivated. They're extremely excited to be part of the FedEx global sales organization and the marketing team. So, I think that you're going to see us become a little bit more aggressive as I mentioned before in filling up our 777s coming out of Liège and the operations in Europe. I think there's going to be more synergies between the volumes, between TNT of the past and FedEx in Europe, including helping our yields and including helping our product profitability, but also fundamentally growing our volume and growing our revenue. No question about it.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation third quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much. Bye.
Operator: And once again, that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you all for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-12-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Vice President, Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mike Glenn - President and Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Services Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and Chief Investment Officer David Bronczek - President and Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Express Henry Maier - President and Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Ground Mike Ducker - President and Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Freight
Analysts: Tom Wadewitz - UBS Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Scott Group - Wolfe Research Chris Wetherbee - Citi Jack Atkins - Stephens Investment Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Brian Ossenbeck - JPMorgan Amit Mehrotra - Deutsche Bank David Vernon - Bernstein
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s program is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand things over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon and welcome to FedEx Corporation’s second quarter earnings conference call. The second quarter earnings release, 28-page stat book and earnings presentation slides are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being streamed from our website and the replay and presentation slides will be available for about 1 year. Written questions are welcomed via e-mail and through the webcast console. When you send your questions, please include your full name and contact information. Our e-mail address is ir@fedex.com. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call, such as projections regarding future performance maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today Fred Smith, Chairman; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; David Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome to our discussion of results for FedEx’s second quarter fiscal 2017 and happy holidays to everyone. Let me note on the front end, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2017 earnings forecast, and I remember that the earnings forecast is before year-end mark-to-market pension adjustments and excluding TNT Express integration and TNT’s outlook restructuring program cost and intangible asset amortization. But given those considerations, the range we put out there was $11.85 to $12.35 per diluted share. And of course, Alan has more detail on that later. This will be a record peak for FedEx, and to-date, with the exception of several local weather issues, our service levels have been outstanding. We appreciate the efforts of hundreds of thousands of FedEx team members who work very hard to make peak operations successful and to try to keep our Purple Promise daily, which states, I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. Our traffic mix this year is a bit different by design as part of our longer term commitment to continue to grow earnings, margins, cash flows and returns. Christmas falling on a Sunday has created anomalies and shipping patterns, and this week, we will see disproportionately higher demand versus other holiday seasonal patterns in the past. FedEx’s integration of TNT and FedEx Ground’s continued integration of GENCO are well along and going very well with high morale and excellent execution. FedEx Express’ integration expenses will peak next year in FY ‘18 and Express operating margins should widen in fiscal years ‘18, ‘19 and ‘20. As previously noted, there are significant operational synergies in the TNT transaction, particularly in Europe. FedEx Express peak operations this year will result in excellent year-over-year profit and margin improvements foreshadowing the longer term outlook I just mentioned. Of course, our earnings outlook assumes continued modest global economic growth. Now, FedEx Ground results will be affected this peak, followed with improving margins later this fiscal year versus the current quarter. This is due to the recent opening of 4 major hubs and 19 automated stations year-over-year. It’s one of the most remarkable things I have seen since I have been in the business to tell you the truth. And two, an effort to grow ground traffic in a more profitable manner than last year’s trend at peak, which saw challenging growth of 20%. While we are committed to being a leader in the e-commerce market, it’s important to recognize that non-e-commerce deliveries to residences and business-to-business traffic represents the vast majority of FedEx Corporation’s estimated $60 billion in FY ‘17 revenues. Regarding business-to-business traffic, we are making major systems investments at FedEx Freight, which will result in significant margin improvement by year end FY 2020. We believe this initiative will change the LTL landscape in a major way. Let me emphasize, FedEx is much more than a last-mile carrier. FedEx is a global transport and logistics company that can connect almost every person and business in the world in 1 to 2 business days door-to-door and we provide unique value-added services across many industries. It’s also important to reiterate that we do not manage our operating companies to maximize margins in each segment all the time, much less each quarter. Over 92% of our U.S. revenue comes from customers using both Express and Ground and 76% of that U.S. revenue is generated by customers that use Express, Ground and Freight. We, therefore, maybe investing in one segment of the portfolio at any given time to produce improved results for the corporation as a whole in the future. Now, before I ask Mike Glenn to comment on the economic environment and traffic trends, let me again thank him for his 35 years of dedicated service to FedEx. At the end of the call, I will have a few concluding comments about Mike’s contribution before his retirement at the end of this month. Alan Graf will follow Mike with more detailed financial analysis. Mike?
Mike Glenn: Thanks, Fred. I will open with our economic update and outlook and then discuss our performance and business conditions in each segment, including revenue, volume and yield and provide some commentary on broader industry trends as we come to the close of another record holiday shopping season. We see moderate growth in the global economy. After growing just 1.6% in calendar ‘16, we expect U.S. GDP growth of 2.2% in calendar ‘17 anchored by continued robust consumer spending and strong business investment. Industrial production should rebound after contracting 0.9% in calendar ‘16 to a forecasted 1.6% growth next year. For the global economy, we forecast growth of 2.2% for calendar ‘16 and 2.6% for calendar ‘17. Now I will review revenue, volume and yield trends by segment. U.S. Domestic Express package revenue grew 2% year-over-year during the second quarter. Yield per package increased 3% as a result of improved rate and discount. Fuel, for the first time in a long time, did not have a material impact on yield per package and revenue during the quarter. Domestic Express package volume declined 1% year-over-year during the quarter. FedEx international export package revenue increased 2% year-over-year in Q2. FedEx international priority volume increased 2%, while international economy volume also grew 2%. International export yield increased 1%, primarily driven by the positive impact of rate and discount changes; higher weight per package and region mix, which outweighed the negative impact of exchange rates. Again, fuel did not have a material impact on yields. Ground transportation revenue increased 9% year-over-year, while average daily volume increased 5% year-over-year. Ground yield per package increased 4% year-over-year, benefiting from yield improvement in both Ground and SmartPost. Fuel did not have a material impact on increases in revenue or yield per package. FedEx Freight segment revenue increased 3% year-over-year in Q2. If you exclude the impact of the fuel surcharge revenue, Freight revenue increased 3.6%. Average daily LTL shipments increased 4% year-over-year. The continued strength in shipment volume is driven by our sales efforts and reflects the speed, reliability and choice of priority and economy service for our LTL customers. Revenue per LTL shipment in Q2 was flat year-over-year and was impacted by a slightly lower diesel fuel prices and lower weight per LTL shipment. Excluding fuel surcharge revenue, revenue per LTL shipment was up slightly. We are closing out what has been another busy peak season for FedEx, largely driven by the continued rapid growth of e-commerce. Trends continued to evolve, as Fred noted, and we are proud of the year long preparation and collaboration with customers that has allowed us to deliver outstanding service during this period of intense increase in demand. As e-commerce grows, so does the challenge of peak, with multiple days of volume levels approaching or surpassing double our average daily volume. It should be noted that this surge in demand is driven primarily by a relatively small number of customers. Less than 50 large retail and e-tail customers responsible for the majority of peak demand, so it’s extremely important that we understand their forecast well in advance to allow us to plan resources properly. While a few customers this year have experienced demand below their forecast, the majority of our large retail and e-tail customers are meeting expectations. Again, we are proud of the outstanding service that we have been able to provide. The secret of course, is our people. We continue to work hard to deliver for our customers throughout the holiday season and beyond. The rapid rise in e-commerce continues to drive the need for alternative delivery options. FedEx understands that the ways people live, work and connect are ever changing. We have long recognized that information about the packages is as important as the package itself and our long-term investments and focus on IT and mobile technologies has allowed us to offer customers truly innovative and useful alternative delivery options. This of course includes FedEx Delivery Manager, which gives customers access with a phone or tablet to options such as appointment delivery and the ability to reroute packages to one of our FedEx offices or locations – FedEx office locations or third-party locations for secure pickup. We continue to have strong growth in demand for Pack Plus, which features dedicated packing professionals and supplies inside FedEx office locations. The professionals at FedEx office work with customers, large and small, to provide standard and customized packaging options for even large bulk and fragile items. None of this would be possible without the dedication of our more than 400,000 team members that work right now around the world to help the holidays arrive. Our service levels have been outstanding, with on-time deliveries at record levels even on some of the busiest days in the history of FedEx and it’s all because of our people. I want to share a special acknowledgment and commend them for their hard work and outstanding effort this peak season. Alan?
Alan Graf: Good afternoon, everyone. I have a couple of introductory comments and will then move to my financial review and outlook. First to Mike Glenn, Mike in our 35 years of working together, we have done literally scores of earnings calls. As this is your last one, I want to thank you for everything you have done to help make this company great. You are a consummate professional and the best marketing sales and communications executive anywhere. You have been a fantastic business partner. I look forward to many future years of friendship with you [ph]. Okay. The FedEx Corporation’s second quarter FY ‘17 results, today we announced second quarter FY ‘17 adjusted earnings per share climbed 8.5% to $2.80. Adjusted operating income increased through the inclusion of TNT Express and improved results at FedEx Express, as it continues to grow base yields and control costs. This performance was partially offset by lower operating income at FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight. Our effective tax rate was 35.1% for the second quarter and 36.3% for the first half of 2017 compared with 34.5% in the second quarter and 35.3% in the first half of 2016. The first half tax rate in 2017 has been negatively impacted by local country losses in some entities within TNT Express for which no tax benefit could be recognized due to the uncertainty as to the utilization of these losses. This year-to-date negative impact was partially offset from the benefit of early adopting the accounting standards update for share based payments in the second quarter. Longer term, as the synergies from the TNT Express acquisition result in greater international profits, we expect our effective tax rate to be lower than the rate in recent years. The tax rates in 2016 were favorably impacted by the resolution of a state tax matter. There was also a gain from the sale of an investment in other income that added $0.08 per diluted share. Looking at Express, revenues increased 2% to $6.7 billion, as base yields improved and package volume grew. Adjusted operating profit increased by $32 million or 5%. Adjusted operating income and margin improved as higher base yields drove revenue growth. Base yield growth was driven by U.S. domestic and international export package. Revenue growth due to volume increases was driven by international priority package and Freight. Expense growth was driven by merit pay increases, higher insurance costs and increased depreciation due to aircraft introductions. Fuel price and exchange rate changes had little net impact for the quarter. Adjusted operating margin increased to 9.7%. At TNT, revenues were $1.9 billion, with an adjusted operating profit of $90 million. Adjusted operating margin was 4.7%. The TNT Express integration continues to proceed as planned. We estimate approximately $250 million in expenses during FY ‘17 as a result of the TNT Express integration and outlook restructuring programs. We continued to expect the aggregate integration program expense over the 4 years to be in the range of $700 million to $800 million. The TNT Express intangible asset amortization declined to $10 million in Q2, as we continued to update our purchase price allocation. We now expect the intangible asset amortization to be $38 million in the second half of FY ‘17 and $75 million for the full year. We still expect our FY ‘17 integration CapEx for TNT to be about $100 million, with total TNT CapEx at about $500 million. We expect annual pre-tax synergies, following the completion of the integration program in fiscal 2020, to be $750 million. We will have a full update on the TNT integration and outlook on the March call and I am not going to say much more about that today. At FedEx Freight, higher average daily LTL shipments helped FedEx Freight increase revenues 3%. Freight’s competitive advantage of having the fastest published transit times in the LTL industry is driving higher growth in its priority service. The impact of lower weight per shipment and higher information technology expenses drove operating income lower. Freight continues to face a difficult macro environment and is working to manage costs and increase yields. FedEx Ground, volume growth in residential services and commercial business, along with yield growth helped push revenues up 9%. Operating income fell 12% and operating margin declined to 10.5% due to increased rent, depreciation and staffing related to network expansion as well as higher purchased transportation rates. E-commerce continues to drive revenue growth, which provides great opportunities as well as difficult challenges, after challenges from higher than expected volumes in certain parts of the country during last peak, Ground invested in increased capacity and technology. This year, we completed 185 facility projects, including four major distribution hubs, 19 fully automated stations and 69 relocations. This equates to more than 10 million square feet of additional sortation space in the network. And all that comes at a cost above and beyond CapEx investment, including rent, building insurance and property tax. We also incurred higher costs from significant additional staffing as we hired and trained people, sometimes months in advance of the facility opening. And of course, purchased transportation increased as we pay contracted service providers to pickup, deliver and transport a growing number of packages. While these buildings and their state-of-the-art technology are a significant investment, they ensure that we have the capacity, flexibility and efficiency needed to handle e-commerce and commercial growth. Although our network projects are impacting Ground’s near-term profitability, the investments will enhance long-term returns and cash flow. We are also working to better balance capacity and volume through improved revenue quality and margins. These actions contributed to the second quarter volume results and are also expected to mute third quarter volume growth. FedEx Ground, Home Delivery and SmartPost network integration and delivery optimization initiatives continue. They will increase facility productivity and delivery density over time. We are also investing in technology to improve safety and mitigate rising insurance costs. We are committed to increasing margins at Ground over the longer term. Turning to our corporate outlook, based on the moderate economic forecast that Mike discussed, we reaffirm expected earnings before year-end mark-to-market pension adjustments and excluding TNT Express integration and outlook restructuring costs and intangible asset amortization of $11.85 to $12.35 per diluted share for FY ‘17. Our total capital expenditure forecast remains at $5.6 billion in FY ‘17, including TNT. This month, we made a $178 million contribution that was required to our pension fund and next month, we plan to make a $1 billion debt funded voluntary contribution to our tax-qualified U.S. domestic pension plans. Now, we look forward to answering your strategic questions.
Operator: Thank you. FedEx would like to invite questions via e-mail. To e-mail your question, please use the ir@fedex.com e-mail address and provide your full name and contact information. [Operator Instructions] First, we will hear from Tom Wadewitz, UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good afternoon. Let’s see, I wanted to ask you a couple of questions or a couple of broader questions. I guess, you can answer which you want. On Ground, I thought there was some comment, I don’t know Alan or Fred about you were maybe holding volumes back a little bit or constraining them to enhance profitability. I just wonder if you could elaborate on that and if I heard that right? And then just whether the very large investments in network, if that’s – you recover profitability in Ground pretty quickly over the next few quarters or does it kind of take longer, look further out for the Ground margin to recover a bit from what we saw in the quarter? Thank you.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me make a comment about Ground expansion and then ask Mike to put more color on my remarks about Ground growth and our effort to manage our traffic a bit better than that was the case in the past and then Henry can jump in on margins. First, as it applies to the network expansion, I mentioned this in my remarks, but these facilities that FedEx Ground had put in place are enormous operations. Some of these things, correct me if I am wrong, Henry, here – like 250 acres plus and the amount of sortation equipment inside are measured in miles, not in feet and they are able to sort tens and tens of thousands of packages. So as the scale of this network has increased, the reality is we have to put the employees and the training in there. You can’t just sort of open them up when the traffic is required. And the only reason I bring this up is that I am consistently surprised, maybe more so by the popular media, with just the misunderstanding of the gigantic scale of the FedEx and UPS operations and of course, the Postal Service as well, but the Postal Service is much more last mile rather than upstream. So I just want to put that in perspective. And given the level of capital that we put into the Ground business, it is very important for us that we get a good return on it. Now, we don’t have to get an immediate return. As I have said over and over again, and again today, we don’t manage FedEx Corporation as a sum of the parts. We manage it as a broad market segment. And a few years ago, when Ground had less residential traffic, I mean, it was basically supporting increased growth in the corporation’s earnings when we put a lot of effort into reengineering the Express system. So with that in mind, let me ask Mike then to give some color to our traffic management efforts.
Mike Glenn: Hi, Tom. You have obviously followed us a very long time and I think you understand we have demonstrated industry leading growth rates at Ground on a consistent basis. But as I have said many times on this call, our objective is to strike the right balance between volume growth and yield improvement to maximize operating margins at each operating company. In that regard, we are constantly looking at opportunities to do that. And over the last several months or so, we have made some decisions to discontinue relationships with a few customers where we couldn’t candidly agree on pricing and capacity requirements for this peak season. And that’s something we do on a regular basis, but we made that decision earlier this year. And as a result of that, we have been managing volumes and we will continue to do that. But clearly, it’s had some effect on this peak season, but that was intentional on our part and we will continue to do that going forward.
Henry Maier: This is Henry Maier. Let me just add, as Alan noted in his remarks, the integration of FedEx Ground, Home Delivery and SmartPost yields a number of benefits that positively impacts Ground margins. To name a few, we get improved delivery density and revenue per stop. We get lower cost through improved pickup and delivery geographies. We get a lower cost structure due to fewer nodes on the network. We reduced our postage expense. And we moved to a single contracted service provider model. All of these things will improve our operating margins over the longer term.
Fred Smith: Alan wanted to add a bit to this reply as well.
Alan Graf: Tom thanks for the question. Take it back up to the 50,000 foot level, from a financial standpoint, earnings, EPS standpoint, this year is going just as I thought it was going to go and my team thought it was going to go. We were well aware that this big increase in capacity and the hiring that we had to do in advance of the peak was going to hurt the second quarter at Ground. We also knew that Express was going to outperform expectations. And if you take a look at Ground’s second quarter results starting in fiscal ‘13 and look through this fiscal ‘17, you will see how well they have delivered on that promise. So, we haven’t changed the year. We still expect to hit the year and this wasn’t very surprising to us at all. We knew this was coming. It’s a little shocking to see a 250 basis point drop year-over-year in the margin. And as I said, it will probably be restrained a bit in the next quarter. But believe me, we have really good plans to get the returns, as Fred mentioned, on this.
Operator: Next up from Barclays, we will hear from Brandon Oglenski.
Brandon Oglenski: Yes, thanks for taking my question and congrats on the career, Mike. So Henry or Alan, I guess I want to follow-up on that. Your revenue was up 9% at Ground. Your op income was down 12%, so a delta arguably wider than 20%. And if I look at your major hubs, I think at the end of last year, it was like 33%. So if you add 4% to the mix and we just think about costs, maybe 10% to 15% additional costs from your new hubs, assuming no revenue even comes through them. So the longer term issue here is I think investors are concerned that as you take more B2C residential deliveries, obviously, there is less density there, so is that where the margin degradation really is occurring or is there some competitive pressure from the post office, can you guys talk more, because this just feels a little bit more than capacity additions, but maybe we have that all wrong?
Henry Maier: Brandon, it was 185 real estate projects. In the history of the company, we have never opened up four hubs in a year, so it is a big deal. If you want to look at the expense line, the biggest drivers were rent, depreciation, building insurance and property tax, which were all driven by the expansion. In addition, in the second quarter, not only did we have to staff those facilities and as Fred noted, these are sizable operations. Some of them take, not hundreds, but up to almost 1,000 people to staff and train. And in addition to that, at the same period of time that these facilities are coming online, we are staffing up for peak. So those are the two major expense drivers. Obviously, when volume goes up, revenue goes up. We must pay higher purchase transportation expenses because we pay contractors more. There is higher postage and higher line haul settlement in moving that volume. So those are the drivers here.
Mike Glenn: Brandon, let me just go back real quick to my comments, where I say we are working to better balance capacity and volume to improve revenue quality and margins. We have opportunity there. We have that opportunity I think, to be better priced for the very, very precious capacity that we offer, not just during peak but all season long and all year long. So we have opportunity on that side as well.
Fred Smith: Yes. Let me just add one other thing here because I think you hit the nail on the head and it relates back to Mike Glenn’s comments. As I mentioned in my remarks, what keeps the lights on here, the vast majority of our revenue in FedEx Corporation is business to business. And a lot of it is business to consumer, but it’s not e-commerce. It may be all kinds of things. We look at these accounts every day, you would be surprised. So e-commerce is basically residential deliveries. And you have to keep in balance the business to business and the business to consumer e-commerce or you can put extreme pressure on our Ground business. And so that is exactly what we were doing in making the decisions on these accounts that Mike mentioned. So no question, we are trying to manage that in an appropriate manner because just business to residential business – I mean, the postal service is the biggest, at all it makes no money out of it. That should tell you something right there and they are making millions of stops a day. So you can’t be in our side of the business and not manage this. So that’s a very good point that you bring up.
Mickey Foster: Okay. Now, we are going to do two internet questions.
Fred Smith: Okay, here are two internet questions. Well, this is from Ken Hoexter. Where can you continue to increase technology investments to decrease the need for peak seasonal hiring? We are going to ask Rob Carter to mention this, but let me just emphasize one more time. The FedEx Ground system is the most automated such system that you could possibly imagine. The reason for that is FedEx Ground was built in the age of computerization, so if you go to these great big facilities, it may require a lot of people to offload and load trucks, but that requires no people to sort things. Now the FedEx Express system is a bit different because you have to have the flexibility to move things from one ramp to another and on down the line. But these things are marvels of automation and over time, we will get even more out of this automation. And in that regard, I will ask Rob Carter to comment on it.
Rob Carter: Well, that’s right Fred. I mean in fact we have 105 fully automated facilities in the Ground network now, not just the hubs that we are talking about, but the audit stations that exist that drive incredible automation in that network. And that automation contributes not only during peak, for Ken’s question, but all year long. My button is pushed, just no light on it there for the microphone, sorry about that. But virtually, all of our technology investments and operations contribute to increased efficiency and productivity throughout the operation and they are incredibly valuable to us. Route optimization for example, is driving incredible efficiencies as we are out on the road. We are increasing route density and stop density all across the network in Freight, Ground and Express with the route technology. But Mike also mentioned in his comments the customer facing technologies, which are improving these efficiencies as well. Things like delivery manager that are giving customers more choices that increase security and convenience. But at the same time with those choices, customers are then driving into some of our convenience network. Increased stop density and route density that improves our operational efficiency as well. So, all down the line, everything from analytics about better ways to load trailers to sensors that are automating and optimizing scan technology are driving really incredible efficiencies in the network. And all this is already in market today, but is being perfected year by year by year to increase and improve efficiency in the network. So the answer is yes Ken, but the reality is its improving efficiencies all year round, not just in peak.
Fred Smith: So by the way, for those of you who don’t know, I didn’t give the paid commercial announcement. Ken is with Merrill Lynch, so I should have said that. Next question, are FedEx Ground ISPs seeing any increased competition or wage pressure in hiring delivery drivers, David Vernon, Bernstein. Henry?
Henry Maier: Hey David, this is Henry Maier. Not that we are aware of, but I would add here that we are increasingly challenged in seven to nine markets to find package handlers. Those markets tend to be markets where many of our customers are operating fulfillment centers and we tend to try to source those handler jobs from the same pool of labor. And as a result of that, we are seeing, particularly this time a year, the need to increase hourly pay rates, offer surge pay and peak bonus pay in an effort to source an adequate number of people to staff these facilities.
Fred Smith: We will go take questions from the call.
Operator: And back to the phone, we will hear from Scott Group, Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good afternoon guys. So wanted to ask about Express, so we saw that the U.S. Express volumes turned negative and just curious if you have any insight on kind of the deceleration of volume there. And then Alan, on Express margins, we typically see good margin improvement sequentially from the first quarter to second quarter and didn’t see that this year and any thoughts on what’s driving kind of the margin sequential – the lack of sequential margin improvement at Express this quarter?
David Bronczek: Thanks, Scott. Let me answer the question by telling you that first of all, we are very proud of the quarter we just finished. It’s our record highest quarter we ever had. $654 million of FedEx Express segment is the highest we have ever had, the second highest operating profit margin we have ever had in the history of our company at 9.7%. Sequentially oddly enough, you asked the question. I actually knew the answer. Its 4 years in a row that we have actually had in the second quarter increasing profits and increasing margins. And actually since the profit improvement plan went in, in FY ‘13, we are up 140%, so how about those numbers. On the issue of the volume in United States domestic, we had some issues in the volume off the West – the East Coast, primarily due to Hurricane Matthew. We had a typhoon too, that actually hit the West Coast. So we had a little bit of an issue on both sides of the coast for us. But in the main, we are about where we thought we were – would be. The overall yield increased so that our revenue for domestic packages went up 2%. And across the world, it’s actually gone up 2%. So for us, we are in the sweet spot. Our costs are right where we want them to be and our profits are record high.
Alan Graf: This is Alan, as to Q2 over Q1, nothing to worry about there. It’s mostly just a bucketful, a little timing issue. So I think just keep watching how we do on the year-over-year quarters and how we finish out the year, and I think you will be fairly pleased.
Fred Smith: There was also, at the Express segment, a single customer who moved some traffic out of the quarter in the last part of the quarter that hit into peak. So absent that, it would have been an up quarter, so that’s a little bit of an item that you see in those numbers.
Operator: From Citi, we’ll hear from Chris Wetherbee.
Chris Wetherbee: Great, thanks. I wanted to ask about pricing. So it sounds like there is a couple of accounts that you have walked away from to some extent, but wanted to get a sense of sort of the momentum around pricing and kind of how you think about sort of pricing out what you have stated. And I agree it’s a very valuable sort of capacity and network as you go through these peak seasons. Just wanted to kind of get a sense of that sort of balance as you are incurring these costs, particularly on the Ground side, how you can offset that and what you think maybe the potential is over time of sort of pricing this business?
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. Let me first say that I think the pricing environment is pretty stable at this point. I think our yield improvements that we have noted here today will continue to be industry leading type year-over-year improvements. We will wait to see if that’s the case. But if you look at our pricing management, our yield management activities over the last several years, you can certainly say that’s the case. Having said that, I have also said for a long time that the most important thing that we can do regarding peak is to make sure we price right year round. If we get the pricing right year round, we will be fine at peak. We just have to manage the capacity. But beyond that, we are not opposed to looking at alternatives for the valuable peak capacity that we have and we will continue to explore options in that regard as the market continues to grow at a substantial rate. So we are pretty pleased with how we have taken on these revenue management activities to date. I think we have demonstrated time and time again, we are not afraid to walk away from a relationship. If it’s not in our best interest to do so, we will continue to do that. And we will be open-minded about other opportunities to maximize the value of the network we have.
Fred Smith: So let me mention one other thing here that seems to be not clear to a lot of people. These huge facilities that we are opening up at FedEx Ground are being opened with the firm belief that our FedEx Ground traffic is going to grow, whether it’s B2B or whether it’s B2C. And for all of the reasons that Rob Carter mentioned to you and Henry commented upon, these facilities, when they open up, aren’t nearly at their max capacity. So as more volume goes through these sorting facilities, the marginal cost of sorting, because it’s all automated is shockingly low. So there is huge amount of leverage into these network investments or as Alan and I both have said, we wouldn’t be making them. Now you get to the point on the yield side of the house, because you start talking about pickup and delivery and line-haul expenses versus the network infrastructure. There is where it’s important to have the appropriate mix of traffic, so that you keep your line-haul and your PUD cost at a reasonable relationship, but the bow wave of putting these fixed facilities out will be accretive to margins as more volume goes through there, regardless of whether it’s B2B or B2C and particularly, as Henry puts one network together with these initiatives that he has described to you and which culminates I think in FY ‘19 or ‘20? So, that’s why we say with some confidence, these results will pop back up. You can’t just put these facilities out and operate them at full capacity day 1. They are put out there in advance of volume that we think will be growing over many years and will be accretive to volume – accretive to profit, sorry.
Mickey Foster: Okay. Let’s go back to two more Internet questions.
Fred Smith: Okay, two more Internet questions. Could you please provide us with an update on the integration of SmartPost into Ground? Well, that’s timely. Have you begun to incorporate dynamic capabilities? And if not, when do you expect this to ramp up? Amit Mehrotra, Deutsche Bank. Henry?
Henry Maier: Yes, thanks for the question. Listen, there is three distinct phases of the integration of SmartPost into Ground and I apologize because we probably haven’t been as clear on this as we need to be. The first was dissolving the corporate entity and moving SmartPost employees and management into Ground. That happened back in September of last year, September 15. What I would call Phase 2 was beginning of the diversion of outbound SmartPost volume from their facilities into ground hubs, which helped improve load factor, drove down line-haul costs and improved service. There are two parts to what we call delivery optimization or internally here, we call it the Terminator. The first part of that came in January of 2016, which was really the ability to manually divert volume that we knew had a high likelihood of matching the Ground package or better yet, just needed to be in the Ground network. The second phase or the second part of this comes in July of ‘17, next summer, when we will get the ability to virtually divert packages, where the system will see matches and automatically divert them out of SmartPost into FedEx Ground. We won’t fully realize the benefits of that capability until fiscal ‘19 and beyond.
Fred Smith: So I have several questions here on the election and what we think that might mean for FedEx. In fact, there are two or three of them. I am going to hold that for – I will address it a little bit later. But let me get some more, for lack of a better word, technocratic questions out of the way here. There is one about how will we handle foreign exchange hedging following the acquisition of TNT. Will their program be carried over and implemented? And that’s from Brian Ossenbeck, JPMorgan. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thanks for the question, Brian. What we found at TNT is a excellent program, very well thought out, well controlled and well executed. We are getting our hands around what our total corporate strategy is going to be for hedging. We will be hedging. We will probably be using a lot of instruments, but we will only be hedging known exposures that we believe are real. And at the end of the day, with where the dollar has been going, you can’t hedge it all away. You’ve got to continue to use pricing. I don’t know where you think the euro is going to end up, but I know where I think it’s going to end up. No amount of hedging is going to protect us from that and that profitability translation, so it’s a mixture of hedging and pricing.
Mickey Foster: And now we will have questions from the call.
Operator: And our next phone question will come from Jack Atkins, Stephens Investment.
Jack Atkins: Great. Thanks for the time. Could you comment or just expand on your comments around the Freight segment and your expectation for improved margins there in 2020 sort of what do you think is going to be driving that? And then you mentioned how you think this will impact the overall industry. I would just be curious to get your expanded comments on that. And then I guess more broadly, when we think about the three different segments, everything seems to be pointing to 2020 being a very big year in terms of all these projects coming together. Is there any sort of thought of maybe putting together some long-term guidance for the consolidated corporation given that timeframe?
Mike Ducker: Yes, thanks for the question. This is Mike Ducker. Just a word or two about the FedEx Freight margin is certainly our goal to deliver sustainable double-digit margins for the Freight entity. We have had good progress on productivity, our yield and in terms of contractual increases, is improving. And you heard of the investments that Fred said at the outset in terms of new technology, those are both in safety systems installed in our company and also some legacy systems, which we expect to greatly improve overall efficiency and productivity. So those were some of the components for the improvements that we expect at FedEx Freight in the future. Yes, absolutely, it’s customer automation. That also connects all the back end systems together. So the answer to are we going to give you any long-term guidance is no. We will tell you that it’s not a switch, where all of a sudden, boom in 2020, we have this nirvana. We will be improving every year, all the way up and through ‘20 and beyond.
Fred Smith: I tried to give you that forecast and General Counsel came over and grabbed my tie and started pulling it.
Operator: We will go to our next phone question. It’s from Scott Schneeberger, Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. There is a first quarter of international priority volume growth about 2 years and also nice international export yield, so curious just if you can elaborate a little bit on what drove it, how sustainable is it and Fred, maybe I would pull you into the political discussion, just thoughts on trade influence there? Thanks.
David Bronczek: Yes, you are right. We are very pleased with that on the international front and I think it’s our expanded service capabilities and offerings. Quite frankly, we have a different array of offerings now. We have a deferred service offering in the marketplace and that’s growing very nicely at 4%. Overall, international priority now has more space and capacity in our existing fleet and that’s now growing, too. Our sales team is very comfortable selling both. So I would say across the world and especially, in Asia and the United States back to Asia, we are doing very nicely. In fact this quarter, we are doing – starting in December, as Fred mentioned in his comments and Mike Glenn, we are off to a very good start. So yes, we are pleased, we continue to see it going that way and those are some of the reasons why.
Mickey Foster: Okay. Two more internet questions.
Fred Smith: Well, there are a couple of questions on tax and I am going to have Alan answer this. I would just say this on the political side of the house. There is a lot of confusion and concern over what has been proposed in the House bill, as most of you know particularly this border adjustment. Having said that, I do think that there will be tax reform, which will be beneficial to us and I will ask Alan to put his thoughts on that.
Alan Graf: The question came from Helane Becker at Cowen. Thanks Helane. It involves discussing the potential impact of 100% expense in – expensing, significant earnings that could be – outside the U.S. could be repatriated and impact to our healthcare plan. So let me take that those in reverse order. We have an outstanding healthcare plan for our teammates, but it does not meet the definition of the Cadillac plan. So like everyone else, we will be watching these developments as they unfold, but we are very pleased with what we are delivering for our teammates. At May 31, we had about $1.6 billion of permanently reinvested offshore and have about $775 million in cash offshore. We currently plan to use that cash to fund Express TNT needs offshore and have no plans to repatriate that to the U.S. That also is a statement that says we are not going to be taxed on those earnings that we have left outside. If we are, we will probably bring some of those back to pay those taxes. The bigger issue for all of you to look at longer term for us is the features that are in the GOP blueprint in president-elect Trump’s plans that we like a lot and those include materially lowering the tax rate, the effective territorial treatment of foreign earnings and current expensing of CapEx. We think that will positively impact our top line through stronger economic growth and of course the bottom line, potentially in a very big way, through the lower tax rate. Having said that, we are concerned about the border adjustability concept and are trying to figure out how it would affect us directly as well as our customers and trade and global growth in general. And right now, there is a huge debate going on that. So as always, the devil is going to be in the details and we will just have to report back to you later as this begins to unfold. But if you think about our tax rate this year in the 36% to 37% range, a 20% tax rate would be a mighty fine Christmas gift.
Fred Smith: Let me just add some detail on what Alan just said. Alan mentioned that we are not a Cadillac plan at the moment. The reason we are not a Cadillac plan is because we adjusted our plan when the Affordable Care Act – to move to more consumer driven healthcare with much better tools for our teammates to buy healthcare more expertly and at lower cost. We did things like put in clinics at our high employment locations and we also gave all of our employees HRAs in order for them to pay for some of their deductibles and so forth. So we avoided hitting the Cadillac tax because of the steps that we took. Now, if ACA is not modified in that respect, given healthcare inflation, there is a good chance we would hit the Cadillac tax in the out years, which would result in truly onerous taxes on the benefits above the Cadillac tax level of 40%. So one of the most important things that we would like to see in the reform of the Affordable Care Act is to do away with the Cadillac tax limit and that would give us the freedom to do some other things in our healthcare that we might not be able to do as long as we are on that trajectory towards a 40% excise tax. It really penalizes excellent healthcare plans like we have relative to other folks. So it’s important to understand that context of our healthcare plan design, which was a reaction to the Affordable Care Act and act in the very significant cost that would be incurred in the excise tax on the Cadillac tax plan. I might say this parenthetically to that, that this past year, we paid – how much in ACA taxes was it Alan, $65 million. $65 million in extra taxes that would have gone into our healthcare plan, but went into the federal treasury in the form of ACA taxes. It was so much per covered life, I think or a plan participant, I forget what. But $65 million, I mean this thing has been a major, major issue to employers who have good healthcare plans like we have had and we have tried to keep great healthcare plans within the context of the ACA. Okay. One more, so there are about three or four questions here on macro and trade, in particular. There is one from David Vernon. There is another one from Amit Mehrotra of Deutsche Bank, David Ross of Stifel. So I am going to put this all together, if you don’t mind. Obviously, we are very concerned about the trade issue, which is one of the reasons that I gave a speech on the night of December at the Competitiveness Institute, which was scheduled long before the election results were known because both the Democrats and the Republicans were running on anti-trade platform. So if you go to policy.fedex.com, you can read that speech. It is not a polemic and it’s not a political speech. It is just a factual speech, which points out that one in five American’s jobs are related to trade and we have a trade surplus and services in trade. We have a surplus, when you take the 20 countries that we have free trade agreements with. So the prospect of significantly reducing trade is in our opinion, significantly dangerous and the proper approach is to lean into trade and try to remove barriers, which by the way the Trans-Pacific Partnership did to our exports, not to stop people from selling products and services to us. So I hope that that will make a difference in the debate out there. I would point out, there is an excellent article in Barron’s by – I forget the gentleman’s first name, Epstein, which sound – very similar themes. And again, its fact based, it’s not politically based. So we hope these things will be considered. And I think what Alan said to you about the border adjustable tax is spot on. This is just very destructive of trade. It’s not the proper solution to the problem. I think they lowered the tax rate and went to territorial it would accomplish 95% of all of the benefits they are looking for and ignite a significant investment boom in the United States. It would solve the inversion problem. So they have got some very, very good people in this cabinet. And finally, I think the second largest economy in the world is China. In the speech I just mentioned, we were very direct on our own experiences with China and Japan in terms of their tendencies to engage in mercantilist practices. And we feel very strongly it’s in China’s best interest to open up their markets. And many of the things that the Chinese administrators are trying to accomplish would be facilitated by opening up rather than keeping their markets closed. So we are worried about it, but we hope that all of these facts will be carefully considered before the Congress or the administration does anything, which might be injurious based on the facts of the matter.
Mickey Foster: You can also get a copy of that speech on the Investor Relations website. Let’s now take some questions from the live call.
Operator: Our next phone question comes from Ben Hartford, Robert W. Baird.
Ben Hartford: Yes, thanks for the perspective there. Fred, I guess, just to quantify your outlook here for 2017, there is a lot of uncertainties as it relates to the 100-day plan and what will actually will come to bear in ‘17, but the markets and investors have become certainly optimistic about ‘17’s growth post the election. But you guys took down your U.S. IP growth forecast by 10 basis points for 2017. And I am just wondering the thought process behind that reduction in the face of what appears to be some optimism from the broader equity market as it relates to reaccelerating growth in ‘17?
Fred Smith: Well, whatever was there was probably related to the increase in the dollar, but Mike put more detail on it.
Mike Glenn: The drags come from energy and inventory and those are the main issues. And though the dollar remained strong, it’s also a headwind to manufactured exports and those were the primary issues. I mean, I would consider that a minor adjustment and especially if you look at the year-over-year change, it’s a pretty significant turnaround.
Fred Smith: And the good news is we carry things both ways. So what you pickup on the sand pile, you ought to find also on the swing or whatever that old saying is.
Operator: Next up from Merrill Lynch is Ken Hoexter.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good afternoon. If we can just kind of return to the volume discussion a bit, you touched a little bit about walking away from Summit Ground, Express being down 0.5%, U.S. freight pounds were also down almost 0.5%. Are you – would you step back and slow some of the investments here or are you growing too fast relative to what you are seeing or is there something on an e-commerce? Is it slowing or is it just losing share? I just want to understand on a big maybe volume picture. And then just to – Alan, just to throw in, I want to just reiterate your target, does it include the $0.15 of gains from the quarter, the $0.08 and the $0.07, are they in the new – the reiterated target?
Mike Glenn: Well, let me take those if I could. In the Freight segment, I think we noted that the average weight per shipment was down. Our shipment – actual shipment growth is up. We continue...
Ken Hoexter: I was talking about U.S. Freight pounds in the Express side. I don’t know if that was a post office lost or anything like that.
Mike Glenn: Well, the dollar that I just mentioned is having an effect on that and so that’s the main issue there. I think Fred already mentioned and Dave mentioned the timing of a large account has affected the Express volumes here in the quarter. We are not concerned about that whatsoever. The issue with Ground – the Ground segment, which involves SmartPost, was a decision we made on some specific accounts. And as I have told you many, many times, I mean, we are going to be disciplined about that. We are growing at a rapid rate. We continue to grow rapidly. If you look at our performance over the last several years, we have had industry leading growth rates. But at the same time, it’s important that we balance growth with improvements in yield to make sure we get a proper return given the investments we are making. So we are confident with the level of growth that we see going forward as it relates to the investments we have made.
Fred Smith: Let me just add more detail on it and just what I was saying a moment ago. I mean, we have a fantastic sales force all over the world. So traffic levels are affected on the margin by exchange rates. So when you have the dollar running up to the extent that it has here recently, which has been significant, U.S. exports are not as affordable and attractive to people in other areas. So, it puts a lot of pressure on U.S. exports. On the other side of the coin, with the diminution in the value of the euro or any other currency, it obviously makes their goods less expensive to the United States. So you will see with some adjustment disproportionate traffic growth there given the fact that we have got great sales people on both sides of all of the oceans. So I don’t think you should read into that on these small perturbations anything more than exchange rates adjustments. Now over the longer haul, assuming there is good macroeconomic policy, which quite frankly is not the case in most places around and hopefully will be the case with tax reform here, you will see economic growth. And even with exchange rates, you will see volumes growing. And of course, as always, the fact that we think and I have said before, that we have strategies that allow us to take market share, particularly in the Express segment, which we will benefit from in the next several years.
Alan Graf: So not very strategic question, but so if there is any confusion, let me straighten you out. The accounting standards update for share-based payments which was a $0.07 benefit in the quarters and the tax rate, alright? So it’s in the tax rate range I gave you as well for the year and it’s in the adjusted guidance I gave you for the year. As to the gain on the sale of an investment, because this rose to the level that it did, a materiality of $0.08, we thought we would alert you to that. We have hundreds of little bitty items that go plus and minus in every quarter that we don’t talk to you about, because they don’t reach the level of materiality, but this one did. So, it’s also in the range, but it’s only $0.08 and the range is $0.50 wide. I would point out in the second quarter, year-over-year, our tax rate was higher. And our tax rate is complicated as we absorb TNT and work through our new tax planning structure and I will wait to see what comes out of Washington, so standby. That’s the one that I got the least confidence about, but we will keep at it.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Brian Ossenbeck, JPMorgan.
Brian Ossenbeck: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just a quick one. If you could give us an update on – as you work through some of these volumes that you’ve been talking about how are the non-conveyable package annexes working? I think you said you have 6 built out for peak, is that something that you are also pulling back on or is there something you might look to add permanent capacity to handle some of those larger packages if you are able to, of course, price them accordingly?
Henry Maier: Great question, Brian. Just a couple of things. One is we have had non-conveyable capacity in our network going all the way back to, I think the first year we started the business. I think the change is the rapid growth rate we are seeing in these things as people get more comfortable ordering just about anything over the Internet. We had 8 annexes for non-conveyables this year at peak. I think only two of those we intended to be permanent post peak. But I will tell you that we still have some peak left here, but the early reports are this has been a homerun in terms of keeping large, very difficult to handle packages out of our hubs by virtue of the fact that we have had such terrific service performance this year. And our hub productivity has been excellent as well. So I would say that this is something that we will stick with. I think we still have some work to do in terms of where we sight them. And I think I mentioned this on other calls in here, there is also some pretty promising advancements, some material handling technology to handle these kind of packages. And as we learn more about that and as we experience whether the benefits that are promised were actually there, I think the next step will be trying to figure out how we retrofit existing facilities with that new material handling technology.
Mike Ducker: And I would just add that, as you know, we have made several pricing adjustments to make sure that we are being paid appropriately for the service that we are providing. We will continue to review the growth in this segment and if additional pricing actions are warranted, we will certainly take them.
Operator: Our next question will come from Amit Mehrotra with Deutsche Bank.
Amit Mehrotra: Yes. Thanks so much for taking the question. My question relates to getting a sense, at a high level, just how revenue growth for the company should or could translate to earnings growth over time, I certainly appreciate that there are a lot of moving parts and some timing items, but if you could just help – sort of help us understand just from a structural standpoint where you think your incremental margins should be or could be because they were pretty weak in the fiscal second quarter for understandable reasons maybe. But if you could just give us some sense of where you think it should be, what strikes the right balance between returns of investment and when do you think you can get to that sort of optimal level? Thanks so much.
Fred Smith: Well, let me answer this at the strategic level. We have been saying for a couple of years now that we believe FedEx Corporation’s earnings, margins, cash flows and returns will go up. So let me reiterate that again that we believe that to be the case. The reason we think that they are going to go up is because the structure of our networks are such that there is leverage in those networks. And in the Express system, for instance, we are re-fleeting much more efficient. We are moving our international economy in non-asset systems. We have much more capacity in Europe, the pickup and delivery density in Europe. And the Ground situation, I just mentioned the fact that these investments in these facilities, as more and more volume goes through there, they are accretive of and by themselves. In the Freight area, we are very confident that the technologies that we have, which by the way allowed us, for the first time in the history of the LTL business, to offer both a priority and economy service. Nobody had the technology to do that. It would have been literally a scheduling impossibility, absent the sophistication of the technology. Now, we are applying that same technology to get more leverage out of our facilities in terms of throughput, cross-dock, if you will in Freight. Better loading, we have robots under test that – I could go on here all afternoon. There are just numerous places where we think we have increased earnings leverage with increased volume. An equal part of that, however is to be, as Mike Glenn has said several times, you have to be disciplined. The reality in the transportation business and for that matter, broadening it to the transportation and logistics business, these markets are so huge. You can get a lot of volume that is completely non-compensatory and just not make any money. And there are a large number of transportation and logistics companies that prove that every quarter making no money. And some of them are pretty damn big. So we just have a lot of leverage points and that’s why we say what we have said. If that changes, we will say that, too. But we are not prepared to give you, despite my best efforts to do so, over the General Counsel’s objections, to do what that is. But Alan is very good at giving you the ranges at the start of the year and we are very confident that we can increase our margins, cash flows, earnings per share and our returns with what we are doing. I am going to say one thing again that I said in my opening remarks. This is an enormous enterprise and I can’t tell you on any one given quarter that we are going to have everything lined up in every segment. If I did that, it would be incorrect and misleading. What I can say is that we think we can manage those metrics I just gave you.
Operator: And our final question today will come from David Vernon, Bernstein.
David Vernon: Hi. Thanks for taking the call. I was just wondering if maybe Henry or Alan, you can help us think about the Ground margin outlook and the Ground revenue growth outlook over the next couple of quarters. Obviously, you are taking some more steps to be more selective on which customers you are taking in, should we be expecting this mid single-digit volume growth rate or is this just like a one-time anomaly. And then do you think that this will be kind of our trough year on Ground margins, with recovery next year or do you think we may still be working through this thing as we get to that 2020 goal, just trying to get a sense for how to adjust our medium-term expectations on the margin trajectory and the volume growth trajectory on Ground?
Fred Smith: David, this is Fred. I think we need to leave it with the broader themes that we laid out there. Again, I know from you all a standpoint, if we could be more precise on a quarterly-quarterly basis, we will. We expect Ground volumes, Ground revenues and Ground margins to go up in calendar ‘17 and certainly in fiscal ‘18 based on the traffic trends that – and yield trends that we see and the leverage in the investments that we have made. So I don’t think you can take one quarter and extrapolate something and – but I think I will just leave it at that to give you the best guidance I can. And if we could get it better than that, I have to tell you, I would be happy about it to see it inside. But it’s – there are just too many moving parts to do it otherwise.
Mickey Foster: Fred, do you have concluding remarks?
Fred Smith: Yes. Let me conclude first by thanking you all for being on this call. I would like to express the appreciation not just to myself, which I will come back to, but the SMC, who is all sitting around here and the Board of Directors who met in our normal quarterly meeting just a week or so and past one of the most effusive resolutions of praise I have ever seen in the business and I have seen a lot of these, so all of us, your partners here at FedEx, Mike, thank you for your 35 years. Mike and I have worked together for 25 years directly. I have told other people his office was right next door. There is nobody that has made more contributions to this company’s success than you have, Mike. And that includes the speaker. And I have to tell you the professionalism and industry knowledge, the sales and marketing prowess, in particular, your sense of humor, wry, though, that may be on everything other than old miss football results. And I think it’s the measure of the man – I have said this publicly, that I think knowing him, all things considered, Mike would have loved to stay here and stayed in the band and had some fun over the next 2 years to 3 years because we believe, just as I was saying to David there, we think they are going to be very good years. But he and Donna have a special needs child and they are making the right priorities. And I think that says everything you need to know about Mike Glenn’s character and his commitment to his family in putting priorities in the right place. So thanks, Mike, for a job well done. I have Mike for 30 hours – how often, a month, 30 hours a month. So we have been calculating, does that start when he comes in the door or when he comes on the fourth floor as a consultant and we will be utilizing that treasure trove of knowledge that he has. So thanks again, Mike and well done.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation’s second quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you.
Operator: And again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s program. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-09-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President and CEO Alan B. Graf, Jr. - EVP and CFO T. Michael Glenn - President and CEO of FedEx Services Christine P. Richards - EVP, General Counsel and Secretary Robert B. Carter - EVP, FedEx Information Services and CIO David J. Bronczek - President and CEO of FedEx Express Henry J. Maier - President and CEO of FedEx Ground Michael L. Ducker - President and CEO of FedEx Freight A. Mickey Foster - VP of IR
Analysts: Chris Wetherbee - Citi Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Tom Wadewitz - UBS Robert Salmon - Deutsche Bank Jack Atkins - Stephens Brandon Oglenski - Barclay's Capital Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley David Vernon - Bernstein Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Helane Becker - Cowen & Company
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
A. Mickey Foster: Good afternoon. Welcome to FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. First quarter earnings release, statistical book, earnings presentation slides are on our Web site at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our Web site and the replay and presentation slides will be available for about one year. Written questions are welcome via email or through the webcast console. When you send your questions, please include your full name and contact information. The email address is ir@fedex.com. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the mostly directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO who is joining us on the conference call line; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. With that, Fred Smith will now share his views on the quarter.
Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome to our discussion of results for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Managing our operating companies as a portfolio of solutions helped FedEx achieve strong financial and operating results in the quarter, especially given the global economy's continued low growth. Mike Glenn will offer a more detailed look at economic conditions and FedEx revenue growth later in today's call. We expect FY '17 revenue and earnings to increase driven by volume growth and improved base yields at all our core transportation companies. The integration of TNT Express, which includes more than 200 countries is proceeding smoothly and on schedule. The level of team members' engagement is outstanding and very much appreciated. More than 20 teams are working in operations, customer solutions, personnel, IT, finance, legal, security, and other areas to positively transform FedEx, TNT into a seamless worldwide operation. Alan Graf will provide a more comprehensive update, including our target, to exit the end of the four-year integration process in fiscal 2020 with annual synergies of $750 million [indiscernible]. The integration process continues. I assure you FedEx will maintain our high levels of customer service across all our operating companies with our commitment to the Purple Promise, which states simply, “I will make every FedEx experience outstanding.” And let me thank hundreds of thousands of FedEx team members in every corner of the globe who do just that every day. Before I turn the call over to Mike, let me reiterate we are committed to improving margins, earnings per share, cash flows, and returns. Now Mike and then Alan will provide their insights. Mike?
T. Michael Glenn: Thanks, Fred. I'll open with an economic update and outlook and then discuss our performance and business conditions in each segment, including revenue, volume, yield, and provide some commentary on broader industry trends and our plans to what is expected to be another record-breaking holiday shopping season. On the economic front, we see moderate growth in the global economy. Our U.S. GDP growth forecast is 1.6% for calendar '16, 20 basis points lower than our last forecast in the last quarter and 2.3% for calendar '17 led by gains in consumer spending. Our global GDP growth forecast is 2.2% for calendar '16, 10 basis points below last quarter and 2.6% for calendar '17. We expect industrial production to decline 0.7% in calendar '16, 10 basis points lower than last quarter and increase 2.2% next year. Now I'll review revenue volume and yield trends by segment. U.S. Domestic Express package revenue grew 3% in Q1 driven by growth in both volume and yield. Excluding the impact of fuel, Domestic Express revenue grew 3.8% year-over-year. Package volume grew 1% year-over-year in the quarter driven by strong overnight volume growth. Yield per package increased 1% year over year despite lower fuel surcharges. Excluding [ph] the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express Domestic package yield grew 2.5%, primarily due to rate and discount. FedEx International Express package revenue decreased 1% year-over-year in Q1 but increased 1% if you exclude the impact of fuel. FedEx international priority volume decreased 1% while international economy volume grew 1%. International export package yield decreased 1%. If you exclude the impact of fuel, international export package yield increased 1.4% primarily driven by the positive impact of rate and discount changes, which outweighed the negative impact of exchange rates. FedEx Ground revenue increased 12% year-over-year in Q1 and increased 12.6% if you exclude the impact of fuel. This growth was driven by higher ground volume and yield. FedEx Ground average daily volume grew 10% year-over-year in Q1 driven by robust growth in both residential and commercial segments. FedEx Ground package yield increased 2% year-over-year in Q1. If you exclude the impact of fuel, FedEx Ground yield per package increased 3% year-over-year driven by yield improvements in both Ground and SmartPost segments. FedEx Ground continues to gain revenue market share. In fact, through the end of calendar year 2015, FedEx Ground has gained revenue market share for 17 consecutive years and we are tracking to continue that trend and make it 18 years through the first half of this calendar year. FedEx Freight revenue increased 4% in Q1 and 5.4% excluding the impact of fuel. Average daily shipments increased 8% year-over-year. The continued strength in shipment volume is driven by our outstanding sales efforts with small and medium customers and reflects the speed, reliability, and choice of priority and economy service for our LTL customers. We also saw increased demand from larger customers during the quarter. Revenue per LTL shipment declined 4% in Q1 due to lower fuel surcharge revenue and lower weight per shipment. Excluding the impact of the fuel surcharge revenue, revenue per shipment was down 1.7%. I’d now like to spend a few minutes discussing industry dynamics, including pricing changes and the upcoming peak holiday season. As announced yesterday, we will be raising rates effective January 2, 2017. FedEx Express rates will increase by an average of 3.9%. Rates for FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight will increase by an average of 4.9%. We will also change the dimensional weight divisor for FedEx Express and FedEx Ground from 166 to 139. Our dimensional weight divisor for U.S. domestic and international packages will now be the same after the change is implemented. Beginning in February, we will also be updating the FedEx Express and Ground fuel surcharges weekly as we do with FedEx Freight today. There will be no changes to the fuel surcharge tables. Details of all changes to rates and surcharges are available at fedex.com/rates2017. We are deep into planning for what is expected to be another record peak holiday shipping season. The rapid growth of e-commerce has driven significant shifts in demand over the last several years. Last year, we experienced 15% growth in peak season volume and delivered more than 325 million packages. Beyond just the dramatic rise in volume, there are several other shifting industry dynamics. Holiday promotions and buying patterns have increasingly shifted which has resulted in heavy demand for package delivery on Mondays during the peak. The intensity for demand on Monday has accelerated in recent years, as more and more retail locations have started serving as fulfillment centers for e-commerce orders. We expect each of the four Mondays during the upcoming peak period to be among the busiest in our company's history. We have also experienced increased demand for transportation of larger and heavier packages. As e-commerce grows, there is demand for online ordering and delivery of everything from large screen TVs to mattresses and trampolines. We've engineered our network’s sortation and delivery capacity for these larger packages, including entire temporary facilities dedicated to the sortation of oversized packages, which will be critically important this upcoming peak season. Beyond oversized packages, we will continue to make investments in technology and facilities that allow us to handle this year-round growth in demand. We've added to what is already the industry's most technologically advanced ground sortation and delivery network with additional automation in new facilities. In fact, we've added 19 automated stations in four major distribution centers for FedEx Ground since the peak season last year alone. We’ve also added more reliable and efficient aircraft to the FedEx Express fleet over the last year. And while the advanced automation provides us a competitive advantage in sortation and speed, the key to our success during the peak continues to be our people. Across the FedEx portfolio, we expect to once again add more than 50,000 seasonal positions to help the holidays arrive. Based upon growth expectations and network expansion, many of these seasonal team members will have an opportunity for full-time work at FedEx after the holidays. These investments in people, facilities, aircraft and technology are all made to enable us to provide outstanding service even during the busiest days of the year. As a further commitment to delivering outstanding service and in recognition of Christmas falling on Sunday this year, we've adjusted some service commitments for shipments tendered the week of Christmas. FedEx Express will be delivering on Saturday, December 24, Christmas Eve, but it is not a service day for FedEx Ground. FedEx Hold at Location is also a delivery option for customers on Christmas Eve. All service adjustments have already been communicated to customers as part of an extensive planning and collaboration effort to meet customer needs and enable outstanding service across the FedEx portfolio throughout peak. Now, I’ll turn it over to Alan Graf.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for your comments, Mike. Thanks to the FedEx team for delivering strong first quarter results. For FedEx Corporation, adjusted EPS climbed 20% to $2.90 per share. Revenues increased 19% to 14.7 billion with the addition of TNT Express. Consolidated adjusted operating margin was 9.3%. We continue to increase profits while investing in the business. First quarter results improved due to higher operating income at Express, base yields improved and expense growth was constrained and at Ground where volume and yield grew. Offsetting factors include a higher network expansion costs at Ground. These adjusted numbers exclude the integration and restructuring program costs, intangible asset amortization of TNT Express. Ground volume continued to grow. Segment operating income increased 14% and margin increased to 14.2% due to volume and yield growth and lower self-insurance costs. Headwinds included higher operational costs due to network expansion and higher purchased transportation rates. Comparisons were easier due to higher self-insurance reserves last year. We aren’t expecting that benefit to continue and comparisons for the rest of the year are expected to be more difficult. Ground’s business continues to grow nicely driven in large part by e-commerce. We believe continued strategic investments will position Ground for long-term profitable growth by increasing capacity and efficiency to better meet the dynamic needs of our customers. Investments include continued network expansion, integration of commercial and residential networks, including SmartPost, completing transition of our pickup and delivery service providers through a single operating model to add service capacity and operational flexibility, incentives for our small business partners to equip their vehicles with improved safety technology. Freight’s operating income increased 2% primarily due to higher volumes and a favorable comparison as a result of a charge for a facility closure. These benefits were mostly offset by lower LTL revenue per shipment which also drove a small decline in operating margin. Freight continues to face a difficult macro environment and is working hard to manage costs and increase yields. Express frankly knocked the ball out of the park in Q1. Adjusted operating income was up 19% and adjusted operating margin grew 140 basis points to 9.7%. Adding to the bottom line in Express were base yield improvement, volume growth and cost management efforts. In addition to its day job, Express with busy integrating TNT. As a result, integration expenses of 22 million are included in the GAAP results for the FedEx Express segment. FedEx Express continues to manage network capacity to match customer demand, reduce structural costs, modernize its air fleet and drive continued productivity increases. Beginning this quarter, we are reporting the operating results for FedEx Express and TNT in different segments. In our 10-Q we will provide an overview of the FedEx Express group, which is comprised of the two segments I just mentioned. The presentation of TNT in our financial statements, including purchase price allocation, is preliminary and will likely change in future periods perhaps significantly given the timing and complexity of the acquisition. We plan to complete our purchase price allocation no later than the fourth quarter of FY '17. We believe the TNT acquisition, the largest acquisition in FedEx’s history, transformed the world's transportation logistics industry rapidly accelerating our European and global growth strategy as one-third of total FedEx Corporation revenue now touches a country outside of the United States. We have a rich history of success in integrating businesses into FedEx and we are doubling down our commitment to the TNT integration in terms of our people and financial resources. TNT’s 56,000 team members deliver 1 million packages daily in over 200 countries. TNT’s European road network connects more than 40 countries through 19 road hubs and over 540 depots and will substantially enhance our global footprint by leveraging TNT's lower cost road networks in Europe and in the Middle East and Asia as well. FedEx now has a strong presence in Europe, transportation options from express to economy parcel and freight helping not only our customers in Europe but also around the world shipping into Europe. We have similar and complementary corporate cultures and a common history of superior service value to customers. We had a seamless and very successful first day when we acquired TNT on May 25. Today is our 119th day of ownership of TNT. Prior to close of the transaction, we invested about a year building an integration plan and we are well positioned for success. Our new senior leadership team is established and all key TNT activities and responsibilities have transitioned to the integrated FedEx senior officer teams. Hundreds of town halls have occurred across the enterprise in operations, sales, marketing, and other back-office functions. We have strong talent within the TNT legacy organization and team members across both organizations are energized about the combination. We also have strong cultural alignment across the teams with a focus on our people service profit philosophy. We expect the integration to take four years and significant investments in people, capital and expense. These are network businesses and require a combination of our pickup and delivery operations at a local level for our stations and depots, our ground and air networks and our extensive operational clearance, sales and in back-office IT systems. The IT investments that will be required are significant given the limited investment in IT at TNT over the last decade. This is also a key enabler of the integration and its benefits. We are bringing together the activities of team members across the globe. These activities and the pace are balanced against continuing to deliver world-class customer experience and a lot of returns for our shareholders. Prior to acquisition, TNT announced its outlook strategy to double its adjusted operating income and margin percentage by 2018. That profit improvement program includes various initiatives focused on yield management, operational efficiency and productivity as well as customer service. We are focusing on the initiatives and projects within outlook to deliver the greatest benefits balanced with our four-year integration plan. We are projecting TNT to be dilutive on a GAAP basis in FY '17 due to integration expenses, outlook restructuring expenses and non-cash intangible asset amortization. On an as adjusted basis, excluding non-cash intangible asset amortization, integration expenses and outlook expenses, we expect TNT to be accretive in FY '17 as the TNT outlook restructuring program has already started to lower costs. We have seen almost immediate benefits as we begin the integration. In the U.S. and Canada, we are transitioning TNT's volume formally handed by third-party carriers into the FedEx portfolio. In late September, we will begin consolidating depots and will begin transitioning customers in October. We will complete the U.S. and Canada transition by the end of fiscal year '17. In addition, we have realized procurement and sourcing benefits, transitioned four of TNT's third-party delivery partners into the FedEx direct serve operation or moved to a single third-party provider and will launch our initial injection of FedEx volume into five select TNT European road network lanes later in September. We’re off to a very solid start. We see the combination of these two businesses as transformative and expect significant synergies from the integration. We will drive value from four key areas; optimized pickup and delivery operations, an integrated global express network, improved efficiency of staff functions and processes, and revenue growth. We plan to optimize pickup and delivery operations by implementing new technology and processes, optimizing the locations of facilities and stations without impacting service and benefiting from the new pickup and delivery efficiencies globally where parcels will utilize a lower cost integrated pickup and delivery network to achieve greater economies of scale. We plan to form one global express network by developing integrated solutions to track en route parcels and freight and fully integrating our intercontinental airlift network. We will have one global express air network with an optimized line haul and hub strategy that will deliver the best service for our customers and significantly improve our costs. We plan to improve the efficiency of our staff functions and processes by optimizing our systems and processes, including IT, innovating, transforming and streamlining key support functions such as human resources, legal, security, and finance, achieving meaningful sourcing savings, lowering our effective tax rate over the long term as synergies will drive additional international profits taxed at lower rates and greater efficiency will lead to greater cost savings. We will grow revenue with a best-in-class service portfolio with one sales team, a single online tool for customer inquiries and invoices, revenue management activities that optimize yield, improve market share and increase profitability. As a result, customers will have access to a broader portfolio of services and will see value proposition improvements. We remain supremely confident in our initial views of the value of this acquisition and are targeting to exit the end of the four-year integration with annual synergies of $750 million. Similar to our recently completed and successful profit improvement plan at Express, we do not believe that it’s meaningful to give initial year-by-year guidance. The integration is complex and the timing of integration and restructuring expenses beyond fiscal year '17 are not yet crystallized. How we ultimately get to our target will evolve as market conditions and other factors change. We are highly confident in our target and our goals. We currently expect the aggregate integration program expense over the four years to be in the range of $700 million to $800 million. Timing and amount of these integration related estimates are subject to change as we implement and adjust our plans as necessary. In FY '18, TNT will be accretive including integration and restructuring costs. According to our corporate outlook based on the moderate economic forecast that Mike discussed and the momentum we have, we project adjusted earnings to be $11.85 to $12.35 per diluted share for FY '17, which excludes TNT integration, outlook restructuring costs, TNT intangible asset amortization and year-end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustments. We are estimating combined TNT integration and outlook restructuring expenses of about 275 million and TNT related intangible asset amortization about 115 million for FY '17. We’ll expect our FY '17 integration CapEx for TNT to be about $100 million. Again, the timing and amount of these integration related estimates are subject to change as our plans are refined. Meanwhile, Ground and Freight will continue to be focused on achieving their goals independent of the integration at Express. Our total capital expenditure forecast remains at 5.6 billion in FY '17, including TNT. We anticipate that our cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund our increased capital expenditures in FY '17 which will include spending for network expansion at Ground to support e-commerce growth and the continued aircraft fleet modernization at Express which continues to lower our costs. Longer term, we would target CapEx 6% to 8% of revenues. Our balance sheet remains strong and we are well positioned to continue to increase corporate earnings, dividends, cash flows, returns and margins. Now we look forward to answering your strategic questions, and I will turn it back over to Fred.
Frederick W. Smith: Thank you very much, Mike and Alan. I hope that gave the listeners an in-depth understanding of where we are. As you know, we are again soliciting questions over the Internet several calls ago and we have a number of them. Quite frankly, some we’re not going to deal with because they were answered in the in-depth remarks of Mike and Alan. We’ll deal with them on the basis of their strategic interest to the broader listeners on this call. What we’ll do is we’ll take two from the Internet and then Mickey will queue up two from the live calls. So the first question is from David Ross, Stifel. What is the benefit of having the road freight LTL/groupage business in addition to the packaged business? I presume this talks about TNT in Europe. Might it ultimately just be a small packaged network in Europe? So let me give you sort of a broad answer and then ask Mike and Dave Bronczek to jump in with any details they’d like to add. First of all, I’m not sure this is known as well as it should be that FedEx Express carries both pallets for express freight and packages and packets. And we are the market leader in the United States with our express freight. There are three services; overnight, two day and then two to three day and that is a very profitable service, and we have different pickup and delivery vehicles optimized for express freight. And obviously we have our packaged delivery vans in the express network, mostly the sprinter sized vans. And those two streams of traffic come together at our airport and hub locations where the pallets are sorted in one area and the packages and other and then they’re joined together for the line haul. So TNT is very similar in Europe to the way FedEx is organized in the United States that I just mentioned to you. They have terminals which have pallet sortation facilities in one end, package sortation in the other. The main difference is they have had vehicles which do both pallets and larger business-to-business package deliveries. The attraction of TNT was many-fold but I have to tell you that one of the key attractions was their unduplicated express rate network in Europe. And of course Europe is a high density of population and their ability to move these pallets very fast throughout Western Europe was a tremendous advantage. We have a very extensive express freight capabilities in Brazil, Middle East, Southeast Asia and many other places around the world. So we will definitely continue in the express freight and the package business in the express segment. Now, let me hasten to add that our express freight business is very different than Mike Ducker’s FedEx Freight unit. Average weight per shipment is almost 4x. The nature of the commodities is quite different. The pricing is quite different and so forth. Similarly, Henry Maier's FedEx Ground is quite different than FedEx Express’ parcel operations. And in Europe there is a very distinct ground parcel sector where there are a number of competitors. But TNT's aggregate pallet and package business mainly in Europe but around the world was a very attractive feature of that company which let us to have an interest in buying them, and we will be very much continuing to provide international priority freight and international economy freight and intra-European freight and in those other areas and regions I mentioned to you. Mike?
T. Michael Glenn: I’m not sure I can add to that answer.
Frederick W. Smith: You prepped me well.
David J. Bronczek: I’m afraid to answer it any more but this is Dave Bronczek, I’d just add that Fred outlined it very well. Most of you have been to Memphis. In our Memphis hub, there's a whole freight area that you’ve seen. It’s around the world; the same Dubai, the same Hong Kong, the same Brazil and around the world. One of the big advantages of TNT, and Fred’s right that goes unnoticed, is their ability to handle very profitable freight and that's a part of their business that now we’re going to put into our global network of parcels and pallets and it’s been very successful for us. And it’s a nice part of the business that we added with TNT. It’s also part of what we actually viewed when we went to Australia just a month ago. Fred Smith and I went to visit our colleagues in Australia TNT and our FedEx Express folks in Australia. The combination down there could be very, very powerful for us. We’re looking at a way to make that whole marketplace much more successful, much more profitable and it gives us an opportunity now to leverage one with the other that we didn't have in the past. So to Fred’s point, it's a great part of TNT's new business which is now part of the FedEx business.
Frederick W. Smith: The second question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer. Could you please compare and contrast major components, FedEx’s e-commerce opportunities in the U.S. and Europe now that TNT is a part of your portfolio? And what are some strategic initiatives you expect to implement to capitalize on growing European e-commerce? Mike Glenn won't you take that and then Dave can jump in.
T. Michael Glenn: Thanks, Fred. Well, first of all, let me say that we believe there's significant opportunity for FedEx both in the U.S. from an e-commerce market perspective as well as in Europe and around the world. Our objective is to build out a robust portfolio of services in Europe and other countries just as we have in the U.S. to include a choice for e-commerce customers in terms of getting their packages delivered in a reliable and efficient manner. That's going to be a significant focus for us as we integrate TNT and we believe the additional density within the European network that TNT will bring to FedEx will allow us to compete on a much more aggressive basis as a result.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave again. The jewel in the crown always at TNT was the very best ground road network in all of Europe. It’s great service. They have great people, great cost structure. So with that now in our portfolio around the world, customers have always asked us for a solution for e-commerce to move across the world and mainly into Europe. Now we'll have that opportunity to do that very successfully. Thank you. 
Frederick W. Smith: Okay. Now we’re going to take two questions.
Operator: Thank you. FedEx would like to invite questions via email. To email your questions, please use the ir@fedex.com email address and provide your full name and contact information. [Operator Instructions]. We do have our first question from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Thanks and good afternoon. I wanted to follow up on some of the longer-term opportunities with TNT as part of the business. When you think about the $750 million in annual synergy target exiting fiscal 2020, can you help us with some of the buckets Alan? I know you kind of gave us four primary buckets of synergies. Is there any way we can kind of group those there, any one of those buckets seem to be more representative of growth than others? Just want to get a sense of how to think about that? Thank you.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: I think what we have done today, Chris, as far as we’re going to go in this quarter, we are – on the synergy side, we are in the process of validating the strategic business case that we used when we made the acquisition, and we’ve got some work to go along there. I haven’t seen any surprises or disappointments at this point. I'm very upbeat about where we are in this process with the team that we put together and with the energy that I'm seeing over there. We might be able to give you some more by the time we get to Q3 or Q4 that you're looking for in a little bit more detail, but at present we’ve got that target out there and we’ll be updating you on how we’re progressing towards that as we move forward. But you have to give me a couple more quarters. I think on the expense side of what we're looking at and particularly in '18, and some of the timing of some of these integration moves that we’re making and some of the restructurings that we’ll be making, we don’t have those firm enough for me to tell you much about fiscal '18 just because of timing issues. But again, later on in the year, not in second quarter but maybe the third quarter call, we’ll be able to I think expand on what we told you today, which I thought was a lot of information that we gave you.
Operator: Our next question is from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry: Thanks. Good afternoon. In terms of the TNT, the outlook restructuring costs, it looks like you’re expecting it to be about 75 million in fiscal '17. I was wondering if you could quantify the benefits that you saw during the first quarter and when you think the profit improvement will more than offset the restructuring costs?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Well, as I said, you can see in the chart and in the appendix that we put out there, TNT’s earnings in the first quarter were fairly small, but we expect to see that improve as we go through the year, and it will be accretive on an as adjusted basis. But we’re not going to start giving different segment outlooks at this point for sure. But like I said, I’m very happy with what I’ve seen. I’m particularly enthused about the people that I’ve met across the organization and just how energized they are, how excited they are to be part of the team that can bring the investment needs and the brand to what they do every day, and we’re as confident as ever about the long-term return.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay. Back to the Internet questions that were submitted in advance; Bascome Majors of Susquehanna, how has FedEx been impacted by the significant growth in oversized, overweight residential e-commerce shipments that blur the lines between partial and LTL? Do you see a significant opportunity to grow residential deliveries in your LTL business? So how do you avoid margin pressure from this B2B to B2C mix shift freight? So Mike Glenn, Henry Maier, and Mike Ducker, take it away.
T. Michael Glenn: As I commented in my industry remarks, we have seen a significant increase in the demand for oversized and heavier residential packages. I referenced flat screen TVs, mattresses, and trampolines, and we expect that trend to continue. Having said that, we believe the bulk of that volume will be in the ground network. We’ve made several pricing adjustments to make sure that we’re compensated accordingly for handling that traffic, and we’ll continue to reevaluate those. I also referenced that we have put up dedicated sort facilities. Henry can comment on that more. But we would expect the bulk of that traffic to stay in the ground network for a variety of reasons. If it’s possible that we could see some bleed into the LTL network that would have happened, obviously we would make any necessary pricing adjustments to prevent margin decline.
Henry J. Maier: This is Henry Maier. The increase in large packages is clearly being driven by e-commerce. It also goes without saying that these packages create some operational challenges for us. For instance, they don’t always fit on our standard sortation equipment and they take up more space in line haul and delivery vehicles in addition to being more difficult to handle. We recognize customers have few options here, so we’ve realized that they look to FedEx for solutions. And in that end, as Mike mentioned, as part of our network expansion strategy we are now operating temporary non-conveyable annexes. This should repeat. We will run six of them which are essentially separate buildings designed to handle just these type packages which don’t fit on our standard sortation equipment. We’ve strategically located these facilities in parts of the country where our experience and history has shown that shippers reside and ship these type packages and continue to investigate how we handle these in the future. We’re encouraged because there is some pretty interesting new technologies with respect to material handling equipment coming out that will be targeted directly at this type of packaged characteristics. As time goes on I think we’ll employ more of that in our operations.
Michael L. Ducker: Mike Ducker, I would only add that it is really less than 3% of our overall shipment count that is residential, so it’s not a big opportunity being no big transition as a result of the e-commerce initiative.
Frederick W. Smith: Here’s a question from Helane Becker of Cowen. A lot of companies are starting to experiment with UAVs, FedEx experimenting as well. If so, how is that going and what do you think the timing would be of using UAVs both in the air and on the ground? Also, is it realistic to believe there could be unmanned trucks? Is FedEx going down this route (lol, pun intended)? So Helane, obviously we at FedEx are very mindful of these trends. We have a number of activities underway in robotics in particular in the packaged handling sector. Henry and FedEx Ground are real leaders in this regard. In terms of UAVs in particular, we have five separate, I think it would be not fair to call all of them projects but work streams or projects in both aviation and automated vehicles. The difference with us and a lot of other people we’ll just prefer to keep working those issues and tell you about them when they make a meaningful difference in the company. I will say this much. I think our philosophy and we know a lot about these technologies. After all, our auto pilots in our 777 airplanes are among the most sophisticated robots in the world. They can take off, land the plane and taxi to the gate and turn themselves off if that’s what we chose to do so. But it’s very difficult in the foreseeable future to substitute for the well trained pilot or driver or person. And we look at the use of automation more as an opportunity to improve the productivity of those types of experts within our system to make their job more comfortable and easy and above all to increase safety. So those five work streams are underway. You’ll hear a lot about them I’m confident in the next few years. But important in our philosophy maybe slightly different than a lot of other people that think that right over the horizon, everything is going to be an automated vehicle or some sort of UAV. We think that is unlikely and that this technology like most technologies particularly aviation technology will evolve incrementally over time with a great emphasis on safety first. So that’s our UAV update. We’ll take two questions now.
Operator: First up, we have Tom Wadewitz with UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Great. Thanks for all the color on the call and Alan in particular all the financial information around TNT is very helpful. I wanted to see if you could give us the sense of just to understand is there a base operating income level that we should be considering for TNT, and you’re adding 750 million on top of that or is 750 really kind of the bucket that you end up with at the end of fiscal 2020 in terms of operating income contribution? And then also I guess are you – the goodwill amortization, is that going to come in at some point or we should just consider that number I think you said like 115 a year, that’s just kind of excluded from the way you look at TNT going forward? Anyway thanks for the information. Just looking for a little more to understand it better. Thank you.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: There will be some base TNT in that number of 750 but you’ll be able to see when we report what they earn at the end of this year, how much of that is actually increase going to be in synergy. So when we get there, we can give you some more detail about that. As to our purchase price accounting, you’ll see in our 10-Q that there was about – the purchase price is $4.9 billion. There was about 3 billion of goodwill in that which we will not be amortizing and hopefully we will never amortize it as we will seek to make sure that we will earn plenty of money to justify the carrying cost of that goodwill. The intangible assets, the biggest one’s the customer relationship that we’re looking at right now. We’ve got that on the books for 685 million in a 15-year use for life. We’re going to work that very hard. We also have technology and trademarks. You’ll see that in the 10-Q as well. I reserve the right to change these amortization lives and amounts as we get further through this process. And as we do that, we’ll keep you fully informed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Salmon with Deutsche Bank. Rob, if you could check your mute function please.
Robert Salmon: Hi. Sorry about that. Thanks for taking the question. With regard to the U.S. domestic package market, we’ve seen both you guys and your primary competitor Brown [ph] announce some decent announce some decent increases to the dimensional based pricing. And obviously, in 2017 you’re taking kind of another step here. I’m curious from a strategic standpoint, what risks do you see with the USPS kind of highlighting the fact that they haven’t made any changes there and how you attack that from a competitive standpoint, whether it’s through the Postal Regulatory Commission or just service? I’d be curious to get your thoughts there.
T. Michael Glenn: Well, I’m not going to comment on any competitors’ pricing actions but I’ll say that our decision was driven by a couple of issues. One is, we wanted to rationalize our dimensional weight policy for both domestic and international, which we have now done so both domestic express and international shipments will both carry a dim devisor of 139. In addition to that, obviously one of the key issues for us in managing the network is the density per package. And one of the challenges that we do see with the increase in e-commerce transactions is packaging that is not as efficient as it could be and there are a number of benefits to becoming more efficient and you can use smaller packages which is one, obviously it’s more sustainable from that perspective. And we encourage customers to take advantage of our state of the art packaging lab to make sure that they maximize the packaging that they have to avoid these charges. So that’s primarily the driver behind our decision and that was made in the defendant of any – what any competitor might consider. I can’t comment on that.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay. A couple more questions from the Internet. David Ross; why is the company buying back stock rather than paying down debt and deleveraging? I think I’ll just have Alan answer this.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Thanks for the question over the Internet, David. As you know, we have very strong cash flows inside FedEx Corporation. I think you heard me today talk about how we are excited about the future and continuing to grow those. And the fact of the matter is we believe our stock’s undervalued. But we’re also investing in the company’s future at the same time. I think we get criticized a lot about our capital expenditures but they all carry very solid long-term return on invested capital or we wouldn’t be doing them. And then lastly, although we got a lot of debt, I should tell you that the average coupon on that’s 3.6%. So every project that we’re doing is going to be earning way more than that on an annual basis. So our credit metrics are good. We’ve committed to improving our credit metrics but we’ll continue to buy back stock, raise dividends and invest in our businesses going forward because we can and we’re going to manage it accordingly.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay. There are a couple of questions in here from Tom Wadewitz of UBS and Allison Landry essentially about improving density levels and the issue of SmartPost deliveries by FedEx Ground, FedEx SmartPost. So let me just make one comment here and then ask Henry to talk about it. I have said this over and over again for the last couple of years. There is a continuing misunderstanding of the issue of route density, revenue per stop and the profundity of those metrics on the e-commerce business. And there is no entity that can provide the type of route density and cost for lightweight residential delivery as the postal services both in this country and abroad. Postal service in this country, correct me if I’m wrong here, Henry, makes 156 million stops per day. So they are a mail company that puts parcels in with the mail stream usually in very small vehicles 200,000,150 cubic foot jeeps. They are out with an RFP for somewhat larger vehicles and so forth. So the real question about e-commerce is what’s the future of mail and what implications does that have on the price of the delivery of packages. Put a different way, it is mail that subsidizes the delivery of packages not packages subsidizing delivery of mail. And the Postmaster General talks about this in her calls and so forth and it has been a very, very good thing for the postal service that the big carriers like FedEx and UPS that had these enormous upstream systems can feed these lightweight residential packages into the postal business. They don’t have to have that investment, the hubs, the sortations and so forth. And similarly Amazon of course now has a very substantial direct injection on their own. But there is no comparable entity to the postal service in terms of density and even the most rapid projections of e-commerce growth will not be a fraction of the density that the postal service has today. So there are these continuing articles about this and more and more things are going to affect the density. My Goodness, they would have to be quantumly greater than is the case. And so that’s the real question about e-commerce is, what are price of those deliveries on a go-forward basis which are driven either by density in the case of the postal service or input costs. And so Henry jump in here. This is the issue and is very poorly understood and it – I called everything I can think of, mythology or whatever you might want to say but most of the commentary on this is not accurate.
Henry J. Maier: I would just add to that, Fred. Thanks. Even with 156 million unique addresses that present an opportunity for a delivery every day, that base is growing by 900,000 addresses a year. So this is a moving target. And I would tell you even with the tremendous growth all of us who participate in e-commerce are seeing are really only delivered to a small percentage of those addresses every single day. We just happen to have very complex, state of the art software tools that allow us to take a slug of packages I guess for lack of a better word with what we’re presented with every day by our customers and optimize those packages for the most efficient delivery. Now what’s been going on at FedEx Ground is really an understanding of this phenomenon and what e-commerce is doing with respect to changing our business, our Holy Grail here is just to improve delivery density and revenue per stop and the only way you can do that in our network is with the network integration we’ve been going through for the last several years, which includes the integration of ground and home delivery and now, since last September we announced we’re integrating SmartPost in that as well. Over the top of this is the technology needed to manage the most optimal route of distribution of those packages every single day. Having a single contractor network which we announced in January we’re moving to a single contract and we expect to be essentially 90% done with all of this by 2020. You layover our ability beginning earlier this year to be able to statically match packages that are destined to the same residential delivery address every single day. And next summer the ability to do that virtually plus some additional engineering around deliveries on certain streets and neighborhoods when there’s another residential package involved. And what we end up with here is a much more efficient, much more flexible network that much lower costs, much better capital asset utilization going forward with the growth of e-commerce than the one we have today.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay. We’ll take two questions from the call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Good evening. Thank you for the time. Just going back, Alan, to your comments on the synergies for a moment, are the synergies – just to be clear, are the synergies in addition to the expectations for margin improvement from the outlook program that TNT was already undertaking? And then also could you quantify the EPS accretion from TNT that is embedded in the adjusted FY '17 guidance? Thank you.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: I’m not going to go there on number two. That would be again trying to break us down by segments in EPS delivery. As to number one, we bought TNT for a reason. We didn’t own them last fiscal year except for a couple of days. So when we get out to 2020 what I’m saying is we’ll be 750 million of synergies better off than we would have been without them. So you’ll be able to very easily measure that and follow that along. And as I said, we’ll talk about this more after we’ve completed our validation of our strategic business case and met with our Board of Directors about where we stand on that, which is going to take us a little bit of time to get to, as we are also right in the middle of the throes of actually integrating as I mentioned to you in my opening remarks. So just have a little patience but the whole point was to tell you, this thing is a homerun, it’s going to be a homerun and we’re going to have that done by four years from now and we will continue to update you along the way. It’s going to be a great ride.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski from Barclay’s.
Brandon Oglenski: Good evening, everyone, and thanks for letting me get on here for a question. And I’ll just second that we definitely appreciate the TNT disclosure. I think your investors will too. And we’ll also be shipping plenty of trampolines this fourth quarter. Henry, on your Ground margins, it looks like you actually got a little bit of improvement year-on-year. I know there’s some issues with casualties last year. But nonetheless, as we look forward, I think a lot of folks had been worried that the network integration costs of expanding at such a rapid pace, growing the top line so rapidly, would weigh heavier on the margin. So can you talk to the market dynamics? Has volume gotten better? Is demand better than forecast, pricing better, or should we be thinking maybe those headwinds still loom in the near term?
Henry J. Maier: Let me let Mike comment on the market here.
T. Michael Glenn: Well, let me say that customers still have had demand for our Ground service for the simple fact that it’s extremely reliable and we are faster than any other Ground network out there by a significant percentage. So our sales team continues to have great success selling our ground service. Let me say that from a volume growth and yield management perspective, we’re always looking for the right balance there to maximize the profitability. So we work very closely with Henry and his team to make sure that we’re making pricing decisions that they’re going to contribute to long-term profitability and that’s going on a weekly basis. So we got good collaboration there but we continue to see strong demand for Ground because of the value proposition that it provides.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: This is Alan. I’m going to give you a little bit color on where Henry is right at the moment. We have invested and our investing significantly this fiscal year in Ground to get to the next level where we need to get. And it’s a big capital step I would tell you. So it’s $2 billion of this year, maybe the same even next year. And that of course has a cumulative effect. When you turn on these new facilities they’re not full day one. You got to work them through the systems and they have a little bit of a drag. That drag is fine to me because I know what the long-term results are going to be. I know the growth that everyone is going to have. Originally, we did get a little surprised by how quickly these non-conveyables and oversized things grew. We’re going to lean right into that. We’re going to be the best in the business in getting those delivered. We’re going to get them priced right. They got to be handled a little bit differently. So that also has a start-up cost associated with it. So I gave you guidance for the full company for the year and Henry’s comparisons are going to be a little bit more difficult because of all those investments that we’re making. But the state of the business is as good as it’s always been and I can’t wait until we turn the corner from this period of heavy capital investment.
Frederick W. Smith: Well, here’s one for you Henry and Mike, whichever one wants to take it. Can you discuss and quantify the synergies thus far with GENCO in your portfolio as well as some strategic initiatives for this business over the coming year or two?
Henry J. Maier: Well, we bought GENCO because of their expertise in fulfillment, traditional 3PL services and returns. That expertise allows us to compete for business that we wouldn’t have been allowed to compete for before. And on top of that we get to secure the transportation business. I would say strategically right now we continue to look and explore products that enhance e-commerce fulfillment and add to the returns portfolio they currently have. And I would also add here that we expect the integration of GENCO to be essentially complete by the end of FY '17.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay. Here’s one from – Matthew Troy sent one from Wells Fargo Securities about the dimensional pricing and calculation. I think Mike has answered that as to what drove it and why we did it, to standardize it across the enterprise and basically the realities of the increased costs in handling it. William Flynn [ph] just sent one in. When you think about the acquisitions you made over the past 30 years, which ones do you view as transformational? Well, I guess if you stack rank them, the three that would be in top tier categories would be Flying Tigers, which put us into an unprecedented position in the growing Asian market. Certainly Caliber/RPS which is now FedEx Ground and TNT would be right up there and it’s going to be as Alan said a very, very significant earnings engine for us. And what’s a little bit different about Tigers and Caliber and RPS, those gave us presences in adjacent markets. Tigers in the intercontinental business, we were much smaller as FedEx and so we had to go out there and develop the business. Alan will remember this with keen detail like I do. We bought it at the optimally worst time. The Gulf War started and air cargo basically stopped, which was an interesting set of circumstances. But it put us in an unprecedented position. That’s why we’re the market leader in air cargo and air express. Caliber/RPS of course put in the ground segment, which we had not been in before and a lot of work – a lot of people, like Glenn in particular heading up some of these transitions we made. Of course, it’s a fabulous business now. And TNT, as Alan has told you there, we’re going to get the synergies just from putting the companies together and then we’re going to build additional profitability on top of that. So it’s going to be a great thing and I think Dave Bronczek and Alan have all said this, but let me just add to it, just wonderful people. We have just been so thrilled with the folks that we’ve gotten. Many, many of the TNT people are now in high executive positions in FedEx and I think it’s going to be a great thing. Next, we’ll take two more questions.
Operator: Next up we have Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. I guess you talked a lot about the integration of TNT, but maybe talk about are the expenses at this stage larger than what you thought they would be given the couple of months under your belt? I just want to understand kind of what – as you talk about the expenses? And then also you had talked before about the tax potential. Is that something that will roll in over time, Alan, or is that something we could see in kind of the stair step function? Thanks.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: I’ve been really pleased with how well our spending has followed what we had designed in integration plan. We knew that IT was going to be a big one and that’s the long pole in the tent, but we’ve got really good people working on this. And you’ve heard we’re already starting to integrate, that’s a little bit ahead of what I thought we would be able to do. So when I say 700, 800, that’s kind of what we thought about all along. And as I said there will be some restructuring charges along the way. We bought Flying Tigers and we bought Ground, there wasn’t ‘the integrations’ so much to say as there is in this one. So this is going to be a little bit different for us but we’re well ahead of the game, so I’m very comfortable with how that’s going and stay tuned and bear with us and we’ll keep you updated and apprised. But it’s going to be a homerun.
David J. Bronczek: This is Dave. Just to follow up on that. I’ve been in Europe a lot of times now and meeting with the whole team over there now, the TNT people that have joined FedEx and I got to say and Fred said it now, the people are fantastic. Service is second to none on the ground. They’re the best in Europe coupled with the best air express system in Europe. We have this opportunity to make this not only what Alan said a homerun, this is a grand slam. It has gone exceptionally well because their people and our people have matched culturally and at the end of the day that’s the main thing.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Back to the second one, Ken, on tax, you tell me. Are we going to get tax reform or not? The United States is shooting itself in the foot by continuing to not do territorial and have the highest tax rate in the world. What I’m saying is based on today’s laws, we’re going to earn a whole lot more in lower tax places than we do today and over time that’s going to drive our rate now. We also are in the process of restructuring our tax structure and I think we’re going to be much more efficient in terms of paying taxes where we actually earn the money than we’ve been able to do as a U.S. certificated air carrier over the years. So both of those should work in our favor and neither one of those benefits are in the 750. 750 is above the line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. So not to beat a horse here, but when you consider the outlook costs and the integration costs, can you tell us how much of that is going to be expense versus cash? And also can you give us an update on the Hanjin situation and if you’re seeing any benefits or any expedited freight as a result of that? Thanks.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: The only thing that’s not cash, Ravi, are the amortization of the intangible assets. Everything else is cash and I’ve given you all those numbers in my presentation and they’ll be restated in the 10-Q. And I’ve only given 17 at this point. The total 700 million to 800 million is integration costs by itself and does not include any intangible assets, so that might help you a bit. I’ll let somebody else handle Hanjin.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave. There’s no affect for us at the moment whatsoever on your last question, Ravi, on Hanjin.
Frederick W. Smith: So we’ll just take questions now from the live call.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon: Hi. Good afternoon, guys, and thanks for taking the question. Mike, could you maybe help us dimension how much the dim weight change would affect, what percentage of the business would be affected by that and what kind of earnings impact you think that might have in the near term? Just trying to get a sense for what portion of volume that dim weight charge could apply to.
T. Michael Glenn: Well, I appreciate the question but with all pricing decisions we don’t forecast the economic impact and the profit impact of that or the percentage of volume that it’s going to impact. Obviously, as I noted before, we would love to see customers access our world-class packaging lab to continue to provide more efficient packing and we hope they do so. And so it’s hard to determine what percentage of packages it will affect because we hope behavior changes. But we don’t forecast the bottom line impact to these changes.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: This is Alan. We actually do internally but we don’t externally. And so let me just say, it’s a good thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Could you discuss what you’ve seen with regard to pricing and the capacity environment in the international markets, at least with regard to demand to international priority and international economy, as that trends look pretty good right now for you? Thanks.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Well, as you’ve seen in our numbers it’s actually very good for us right now. The international priority box is up 3%, the international economy is up as well. So in many of the segments that we are really leading the world, the volume is there and it’s growing. On top of that, the yields are increasing. So I would say and Mike might want to add to this, on the international front we’re right in the mainstream of where the main business is growing. It’s very good for us.
T. Michael Glenn: And I would just add that we’ve got a rational pricing environment, so we feel pretty good about where we’re situated.
Frederick W. Smith: Can we take one more question?
Operator: Our final question comes from Helane Becker with Cowen & Company.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, everybody. Thanks for the time. And Fred, thank you for your earlier in-depth answer. Just one question, Alan, and I’m sorry it’s kind of short-term in nature. But in terms of the guidance that you gave us, the $0.10 raise, was it due to TNT or due to the increase because of improvement in the base business? Thanks.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Well, it’s from my All-Star Dave Bronczek and his team. They’re knocking it out of the park and you see what they’re margin in the first quarter is. He’s been having a heck of a year and so that was the reason for it.
Operator: That does conclude our question and answer session. I’ll turn the call back over to our speakers for closing comments.
A. Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation first quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions on FedEx. Thank you very much. Bye.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today’s call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-06-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - VP of Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman Alan Graf - EVP and CFO Mike Glenn - President and CEO, FedEx Services Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO Dave Bronczek - President and CEO, FedEx Express Henry Maier - President and CEO, FedEx Ground Mike Ducker - President and CEO, FedEx Freight
Analysts: John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Tom Wadewitz - UBS Chris Wetherbee - Citi Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein Jack Atkins - Stephens Inc. Nate Brochmann - William Blair David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Helane Becker - Cowen & Co. Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon and welcome to FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. The fourth quarter earnings release and our 26 page stat book are on our Web site at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our Web site, and the replay and podcast will be available for about one year. Written questions are welcomed via e-mail. When you send your e-mail, please include your full name and contact information with your question. Send it to our ir@fedex.com address. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. Please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at fedex.com for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures discussed on this call to the mostly directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome everyone to the discussion of our results for the fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2016, significant year for FedEx. We announced sometime ago we will complete the acquisition of TNT Express in the first half of calendar 2016, and we officially acquired the company on May 25. Greatly appreciate the outstanding work of our Express, Finance, and Legal teams in getting this transaction completed without conditions. Annual revenue exceeded $50 billion for the first time and we're particularly pleased with our adjusted operating margin improvement of 1% year-over-year to 10% for fiscal year 2016, and our adjusted operating margin of 11.7% for the fourth quarter. We believe we will continue to increase margins, earnings per share, cash flows, and capital returns over the next several years, given expectations for moderate economic growth and excluding TNT financial results and pension mark-to-market costs. Like to congratulate and thank all FedEx team members around the world for their dedication to our purple promise, which simply states I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. As we integrate the acquisitions of TNT, GENCO, and FedEx CrossBorder will continue making investments in modernizing the FedEx Express aircraft fleet and expanding the highly automated FedEx ground network to extend our leadership in the rapidly growing e-commerce market. These initiatives are integral to achieving our goals. Let me close with a few brief remarks regarding Friday’s successful conclusion of the Internet pharmacy case. First, I'd like to thank our inside and outside counsel. They did an outstanding job representing our Company. FedEx has always been innocent of these charges which should never have been filed. We strongly believed we should not admit to things we did not do and pay millions to avoid a criminal trial. FedEx delivered packages for licensed pharmacies registered by the Federal Drug Enforcement Administration. Very few companies have done more during the last four decades to cooperate with law enforcement than FedEx as was true in these matters, and we will continue to do so. We're especially proud of the hundreds of thousands of FedEx team members worldwide who demonstrate every day their commitment to provide our important services safely, reliably, and at all times ethically. Now let me turn it over to Mike Glenn, who will comment on the economy and our revenue followed by Alan Graf, who will discuss FedEx's financial performance. Mike?
Mike Glenn: Thanks, Fred. I'll open with our economic update and outlook, and then we'll discuss business performance in each of the segments, and then I'll have some commentary on broader business trends. On the economic front, we continue to see moderate growth in the global economy. Our U.S GDP forecast is 1.8% for calendar '16, which is 40 basis points lower than our forecast last quarter, and we forecast 2.4% for calendar '17, led by gains in consumer spending. We expect industrial production to decline 0.6% in calendar '16, 120 basis points lower than last quarter, and increase 2.3% next year. Our global GDP forecast is 2.3% for calendar 16, 20 basis points below last quarter, and calls for 2.8% growth for calendar 2017. Now a review of revenue volume and yield trends by segment. In the Express segment. U.S domestic average daily package volume was essentially flat in the quarter due to the decline in the deferred product category. Yield per package increased approximately 1% year-over-year, despite lower fuel surcharges. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express domestic package yield grew 2.3%, primarily due to rate and discounts. Revenue grew 2.1% year-over-year driven by one more operating day and yield growth. Excluding the impact of the fuel surcharge, domestic revenue grew 3.7% year-over-year. FedEx International Economy average daily volume grew 3.5%, while FedEx International Priority average daily volume declined 2.1%. International export revenue per package decreased 2.6% as lower fuel surcharges and unfavorable currency exchange rates negatively impacted yields. Excluding fuel, international export Express package yield was slightly positive primarily driven by the positive impact of rate and discount changes, which outweighed the negative impact of exchange rates. In the Ground segment, FedEx Ground revenue increased 20% in the quarter, driven by higher Ground volume and yield, and the recording of SmartPost revenues on a gross basis versus the previous net treatment. FedEx Ground average daily volume grew 10% year-over-year in Q4, primarily driven by continued growth after peak season for both residential and commercial deliveries. FedEx Ground revenue per package increased 7% year-over-year in Q4 due to the recording of FedEx SmartPost revenues on a gross basis and higher base rates partially offset by lower fuel surcharges. Excluding the impact of fuel, Ground yield per package including SmartPost increased 8.6% year-over-year, driven primarily by extra service charges and weight per package offsetting a decrease due to SmartPost volume mix. FedEx Freight revenue increased 2.3% as average daily shipments increased 7.5% year-over-year, and revenue per shipment declined 5.3% year-over-year. As a reminder, Q4 in FY16 contained one more business day than Q4 in FY15. The continued strength in shipment volume is driven by our sales efforts with small and medium customers and reflects the speed, reliability, and choice of priority and economy service for our LTL customers, and we also saw increased demand from our larger customers during the quarter. Revenue per LTL shipment declined due to lower fuel surcharge revenue and lower weight per package. Excluding the impact of fuel surcharge revenue, revenue per shipment was down 2.1% year-over-year due to lower weight per shipment. Now I’d like to take a few minutes to further discuss and address the growth of e-commerce which continues to outpace GDP growth both in the U.S and globally. E-commerce has become a way of life for consumers requiring goods around the world, but the success of e-commerce continues to be dependent on transportation companies’ ability to reliably and quickly make residential deliveries around the world. As we noted during our last conference call on earnings, more than 95% of e-commerce packages in the U.S are delivered by FedEx, UPS, and the United States Postal Service, with whom we have a strategic relationship to transport their priority mail. E-commerce would be impossible without these companies and our expansive networks. If you were to isolate the FedEx e-commerce business, it would become clear FedEx is one of the most profitable e-commerce companies in business today. During the past quarter, we made significant investments in expanding our global transportation portfolio and e-commerce capabilities around the world including the acquisition of TNT, the introduction of FedEx cross -- and the introduction of FedEx CrossBorder. The TNT acquisition will transform the global transportation and logistics industry. It is the largest acquisition in FedEx history and instantly accelerates our European and global growth strategy. FedEx now has a strong presence in Europe with a range of transportation options from Express to Economy for both parcel and freight. This significant enhancement to our portfolio in Europe helps not only our customers in Europe, but also provides benefits for customers around the world shipping into Europe. In addition, we will substantially enhance our capabilities globally by leveraging TNT's lower-cost road networks in different regions around the world. While the integration will take time to fully execute, we have the benefit of similar and complementary corporate cultures and a common mission of providing superior service and value to customers around the world. FedEx CrossBorder offers e-commerce technology solutions that enables e-tailers to navigate common CrossBorder selling challenges such as regulatory compliance, secure payment processing, multiple currency pricing, credit card fraud protection, and also offers access to e-commerce shoppers around the world. CrossBorder is the relaunch of Bongo International, the company FedEx acquired in 2014. When combined with our recent GENCO acquisition, we have significantly strengthened our e-commerce portfolio of services. Of course demand for e-commerce increases significantly each year during the peak holiday season and we're deep into preparations for the upcoming 2016 peak season. We're closely collaborating with large e-tail and retail customers to understand their peak shipping needs including geographic mix, and package characteristics, so that we can once again have our resources positioned and ready to provide outstanding service. We will also be leveraging some new and evolving services to meet the heavy demand during peak, including FedEx Delivery Manager, FedEx SameDay and an expansion in FedEx Hold at Location Services. Delivery Manager allows U.S package recipients to customize home deliveries to fit their schedules including changing the time and location of the delivery, requesting a signature upon delivery, or leaving instructions for the courier. FedEx SameDay city is available in 24 markets across the country offering customer same day service with uniformed FedEx drivers, branded vehicles, real-time tracking, and world-renowned FedEx reliability. FedEx Hold at Location offer secure package pickup at more than 2,400 FedEx locations including more than 1,800 FedEx office retail stores. These hold services allow customers to redirect packages for pickup and drop-off at FedEx and many other third-party locations. One additional point as we continue to get questions concerning Amazon in the evolution of their transportation capabilities and needs. Amazon continues to be a valuable customer and they’re among the large e-tailers that we stay in close dialogue with throughout the year to understand their transportation needs as they continue to experience significant growth and generate demand for FedEx transportation. Because of our close relationship with Amazon and close collaboration, we have a very clear and specific understanding of their needs across the FedEx portfolio during FY17, and further we expect them to be a significant customer for many years to come. Having said that, it is important to remember that no single FedEx customer represents more than approximately 3% of total revenue. Finally, I'd like to mention the introduction of the new FedEx Freight Box, which makes transporting less than truckload shipment simple with improved flexibility, increased security, better shipment integrity and best of all no freight classification. The FedEx Freight Box comes in two sizes, a standard freight box that requires a pallet to ship and a smaller freight box with an integrated pallet. The freedom to choose your freight box makes freight shipping accessible for any business, no matter the size. With the distance-based pricing structure, the FedEx freight box allows you to ship LTL avoiding the complex and antiquated pricing structure used in the industry. The Freight Box was introduced in selected markets with great success during the second half of FY16 and is rolling out to customers nationwide this month. And now I will turn it over to Alan Graf.
Alan Graf: Thanks, Mike for your very informative comments and good afternoon everyone. We had a great quarter. Adjusted earnings of $3.30 per diluted share increased 24% year-over-year and our adjusted consolidated operating margin increased 11.7% versus 10.5% last year. Among the operating companies, Express was the most valuable player of the quarter, posting an impressive double-double. Operating income was 27% higher versus last year's adjusted income and operating margin climbed to a 11.3%. Operating income grew at Ground as average daily volume increased 10%, and Freight's operating income was unchanged. Growth at Express, despite essentially flat revenue per Q4 year-over-year is a strong testament to Express's continued yield and cost management efforts. Yield did have a positive impact year-over-year on the quarter, while currency exchange rate changes have little net impact. One additional operating day also provided a benefit. We expect Express operating income in FY17 to continue to improve, as we manage network capacity to match customer demand, reduce structural costs, modernize our fleet, and drive productivity increases throughout our U.S and international operations. These benefits will be partially offset due to timing of aircraft maintenance events and one fewer operating day. The [indiscernible] on our remarkable year was the acquisition of TNT Express. We had a seamless and very successful first day when we acquire TNT on May 25, a few days before our fiscal year-end. Today is our 28th day of owning TNT. We have a solid integration plan that we are in process of validating with live data. Our senior leadership team is in place and we're partnering together in the marketplace for commercial opportunities to bring the best solutions for our customers. The transaction, financing, and integration planning expenses related to this acquisition were $132 million or $0.45 per diluted share in FY16, which consider certain non-tax deductible costs as a result of the closing of the acquisition. These expenses include TNT's operating results from the time of acquisition and are predominantly included in corporate eliminations and others in FY16. In FY17, we will report the operating results for FedEx Express and TNT separately in two different segments. We will also provide an overview of the FedEx Express Group, which combines the two segments. And when the timing and complexity of the acquisition, presentation of TNT in our financial statements including the allocation of the purchase price is preliminary and we will likely change in future periods. We plan to complete our purchase price allocation no later than the fourth quarter of FY17. TNT operates road transportation networks and delivers documents, parcels, and freight to over 200 countries. The strategic acquisition broadens our portfolio of international transportation solutions with the combined strength of TNT strong European road platform and our strength in other regions globally, including North America and Asia. Prior to our acquisition, TNT announces outlook strategy aimed at doubling at adjusted operating income and margin percentage by 2018. That profit improvement program includes various initiatives focused on yield management, operational efficiency, and productivity and customer service. We plan to continue these profit improvement initiatives in FY17 and we will also begin activities to integrate operations. Our focus will be on combining TNT strong European capabilities with our strength in other regions globally. Although we are in the very beginning of the integration process and are continuing to validate our information. We currently expect our FY17 integration CapEx for TNT to be about $100 million and integration costs to be around $200 million. However, the timing and amount of these costs is subject to change as our plans are refined. Integration expenses including professional fees information-technology costs and intangible asset amortization related to TNT are expected to impact operating income and margin during FY17. We're very excited about the TNT acquisition and we will provide you updates on the operating results and integration cost on a quarterly basis going forward. We do expect TNT to be accretive to earnings in FY18.
continued yield growth to yield management : Capital expenditures at Ground are expected to be about $2 billion in FY17, as we continue to make investments to grow our highly profitable network due to facility expansions and equipment purchases. The impact of the depreciation of these investments will continue to partly offset, earnings growth in FY17 at Ground. At Freight, operating income was unchanged. As improved operating efficiencies higher revenue and an additional operating day were offset by increased salaries and employee benefits expense and the impact from lower weight per shipment. During FY17, we expect revenue from lower weight per shipment. During FY17, we expect revenue, operating income, and operating margin improvement at Freight driven by continued effective yield management as well as modest volume growth from small and midsize customers. Freight earnings growth will also be positively impacted by improvement in productivity and further investments in technology. We incurred a non-cash pre-tax mark-to-market pension accounting loss of $1.5 billion in 2016. Due to its effect on income before income taxes, the adjustment for mark-to-market accounting reduced our 2016 effective tax rate by 120 basis points. Our effective tax rate was 33.6% in fiscal '16, which is also favorably impacted by an internal corporate restructuring done to facilitate the integration of FedEx Express and TNT. It was offset by nondeductible costs incurred as part of the acquisition. For FY17, we anticipating -- making contributions totaling $1.1 billion for our U.S pension plans. In FY16, we continue to buy back shares repurchasing 2.7 billion of our common stock through open market purchases. From FY14 through FY16, we repurchase 63 million shares of FedEx common stock and return more than $8.8 billion to shareholders at an average price of $140 per share. As of May 31, 2016, we had approximately 19 million remaining shares authorized for repurchase. Two weeks ago we announced that we were boosting our dividend by 60% for a total of $0.40 per share per quarter. Turning to our outlook, based on the outlook that might describe from an economic standpoint in the momentum we have we project adjusted earnings to be $11.75 to $12.25 per diluted share for FY17 excluding TNT financial results, including integration of financing costs and year-end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustments. Our expectations for earnings growth in FY17 are dependent on key external factors, including fuel prices and global economic conditions. Due to our recent acquisition of TNT, FY17 will be a year of intense integration activities for our dedicated team at Express. We're committed to the successful integration of these two great businesses. Meanwhile FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight will continue to be focused on achieving their goals independent of the integration at Express. Capital expenditures are expected to be about $5.1 billion in FY17 excluding TNT. We anticipate that our cash flow from operations will be sufficient to fund our increased capital expenditures and FY17, which will include spending for network expansion at Ground as I discussed and the continued aircraft fleet modernization of Express. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we are well positioned to continue to increase corporate earnings, cash flows, returns and margins. With that, we will open up for strategic questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Fred Smith: Okay. This is Fred Smith speaking. Mickey asked me to take several of the questions that were sent to us in advance. They were 43. There may have been one or two others that have come in on the Internet and Mickey will be looking at the calls coming in and we will try to answer many of these that we can. There were a lot of questions in the 43 that were submitted, that we won't address for one reason or another and let me deal with those. One there were a number about Brexit. The reality is we don't have any better crystal ball than anybody else. So we don't think it's appropriate for us to be speculating on what may happen in the United Kingdom and should Brexit take place. Obviously, we will be telling folks what we intend to do to adjust to a new situation, but it's certainly premature. Second, lots of questions on TNT. We will take a number of them, but quite a few are focused on areas where it's just too early in the process for us to deal with. For instance, what are the implications of the South American Road Network of TNT and the Southeast Asian Road Network of TNT and our Regional Presidents and Express Management are working through that with the integration team. So we’re going to defer those until we get a little bit further along. Third, there are a fair number that are hypotheticals about what new services we might offer or adjacencies and of course that’s not in our best interest to answer from a competitive standpoint. So, now let me get to some of them that do get the nail on the head. With the acquisition of TNT, can you discuss major IT requirements going forward, specifically are the current systems robust enough for the combined entity and are there any needs at the product service level. So I’m going to ask our great CIO, Rob Carter to opine on this.
Rob Carter: Well, thanks, Fred. Obviously there are a lot of systems needs and integration needs that have lined up with regard to the TNT acquisition. This is our largest acquisition, but it is certainly not our first. We’ve prepared diligently over the years with integrations of acquisitions in Mexico, Brazil, the U.K, Africa, India, and others around the world to become really quite good at the process of integrating customers, integrating products into the mix. We also have been working very hard on our systems here at FedEx to modernize and simplify them in ways that really position them to be very in effective integration activities. That’s a key design point for the systems that we’ve been building and pushing forward, and then lastly we've had a planning and execution team on the ground. With the teams, we've done very robust planning with regard to these integrations, including what it would take on day one which was executed flawlessly, what our needs are at day 100, and then as we go forward the preferred future state of the organization of systems that will be needed to operate with the combined entity. So we're very confident in the systems that we have, the team that we have, and the efforts that are underway to support our customers.
Fred Smith: Okay. Thank you, Rob. Allen, what was the primary reason for hiking the dividend? Does significant dividend increase indicate a shift in preference to returning capital through dividends rather than buybacks and how should we think about the volume of share buybacks in the next few years compared to FY14,'16 levels? This question comes from Allison Landry of Credit Suisse and I should've mentioned question about the IT integration was from John Barnes of RBC. Alan?
Alan Graf: Allison, thanks for the question. We've been talking about this for a number of years, how we wanted to be more aggressive in our dividend peace of our shareholder returns. And so we picked the 60% increase to try to get it up to a 1% or as close to 1% yield as we could which we think is an important milestone. I can't make any promises for a year from now, but we will look to continue to drive up our dividend and we will continue to buy back stock and will balance that with all the other needs that we have for capital in the in the Company, but we feel that that's an important part of our shareholder returns as well.
Fred Smith: Let me ask Dave Bronczek, this question, maybe a follow-up from Alan. It's also related to TNT, how long do you think the TNT integration will take. UBS recently said they expect it would take 1000 people five years, what’s your margin outlook for the EU business longer-term. Is there a structural reason you can't add margin summer at UBS [ph] international business over time. What are the milestones? Well, that's our entire business plan, but Dave Bronczek will give you as much of it as he can. Okay, Dave. 
Dave Bronczek: Thanks for asking and that is my business plan. Let me just say, and Rob Carter said a lot of it already, we’ve had a team on the Ground, our best of our best people in operations, in sales, in marketing, in IT, and really across the board and they've been working for many, many months now. And so, what we’re coming away with is a company that we believe is going to be very, very strong and powerful into the mix with FedEx. If you remember, I ran FedEx Europe for many years and TNT was my partner over there in the outlying area. So, I already knew that their service was good. I already knew that their culture aligned up with our culture. I was over there on day one for the integration, 28 days ago and I can tell you that they’re excited and we’re excited. So going forward you’re going to have the integration take place that needs to take place, so that we make sure we do it right. And when we come out of the integration process, we have the most powerful service, cultural for people, and profitable business that you can have over there in Europe and that will be the case.
Fred Smith: That question was from Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie, and she had a follow-up here before we take call from Mickey. Can you give us a sense of what you're planning to spend and dollar and project terms as you invest in the TNT network?
Dave Bronczek: Well, we -- I said earlier, we think about $200 million of expense -- integration expense and about a $100 million of integration capital, but it's very early days. Our team is extremely excited and there were a lot of great ideas out there that looked at high returns and actually the demand probably is even higher for that, but we’re going to have to channel that so that we don't do any -- anything too fast and have some sort of a breakdown or whatever. So, we will be getting that as we go. Again, I have a pretty good idea about the outlook as on its own about what TNT plan to finish it here through calendar '16, but we're working right now on finalizing their plan or what the integration will do that outlook plan and carry it all the way through to May 31 of 2017. And so we will be talking to you about that in the September timeframe.
Mickey Foster: Okay. We will now take questions, live questions on the call.
Operator: Thank you. Our question comes from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry: Thanks. Good afternoon. I was wondering could you clarify whether directionally you expect margin improvement at both Express and Ground in fiscal '17 in spite of the negative impacts from the TNT integration and the grounds network expansion costs that you highlighted?
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me take that question on a broader front, because this is one of my hot buttons as you probably know. We don't manage FedEx Corporation trying to maximize each segment margin each year. If we did that, we would never be able to take advantage of this broad portfolio in the cross-selling that's available to us. So sometimes we're doing things like we're doing in ground now putting the SmartPost and ground operations together going to six day delivery on and on down the line at the same time we have the wins and our sales from the basic Express operation excluding some of the TNT issues that are -- that were just mentioned. So, our comments of improved margins and returns are at the corporate level. And it would be wonderful if every year we could have maximum margins either at all of our operating companies, but that’s just not realistic. So you want to put any more color in at, Alan?
Alan Graf: I'd say we're putting a significant amount of long-term capital into Ground. We did in '16, we’re even increasing it in '17. That has a pretty hard drag. We are also converting from to our -- to our model which also has some drag, and we’re putting in new services that take a while to roll out and develop. So, I’m not going to sit and say where the Grounds margin is going to go up or down, because we’re going to just manage to -- we think the long-term growth needs a [indiscernible] in '17, but I’m sure that the operating income is going to go up. And to Express, if you exclude TNT absolutely we are on an improved margin and operating income level and we will again maybe talk about that more later.
Mickey Foster: Any other question? Okay.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Wadewitz with UBS
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. So, let's see I think you -- I know Fred you want to talk about the margins together, but just going back when you -- whatever it was I think like four years ago so you had an Express improvement plan, you’ve had a lot of great execution on that, and you talked about a $2.8 billion target. Would we assume that in fiscal '17 you're still on track for that or would you just say, don't focus on that anymore because that's not the way we run business going forward. You just had real optimistic comments on that in the past and kind of running ahead of track. So I just wondered if you had kind of a brief comment on that or even a look forward going beyond 2.8? Thank you.
Dave Bronczek: Hey, Tom, this is Dave Bronczek into the question. Yes, we're very optimistic going forward. Alan has already said it. It's in our DNA. Now we been successful with our profit improvement plan. It's -- it continue to roll out, all five of the pillars are doing great. We beat the plan. Execution of quarter earlier than we thought and yes it's in Allen's outlook, Express is going to continue to roll. So on the operating profit side, yes up. On the margin side, yes up.
Mickey Foster: Thank you. Take another call from -- the live call.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey, great. Thanks, guys. I wanted to ask you about TNT, and then thinking about some of the potential opportunities for synergies. So Alan, I know you mentioned fiscal 2018 highly accretive, when you think about sort of where some of these opportunities. I understand, I think revenue getting put into the system as a big part of it, what you think about the cost side. Can you walk us through on your thoughts on where some of those targets might be and when you might be able to get them?
Alan Graf: Yes, I said accretive in '18, just to be sure, because there may be some things that we want to do early on in '18 that we don't get done in '17, but it will be accretive in '18, Chris and I think obviously the European road network is the gym significantly lowering Express's cost for intercontinental pickup and delivery, allows to be much more competitive in Europe, than would be able to be in the past. I'm seeing -- I think in the tax area we're going to get some good synergies. I have no doubt about that. I’ve underestimated what we're going to get on the sourcing side of the house and I think we’re going to see great productivity as we integrate these network state.
Dave Bronczek: Yes, Alan is right about all of that. I’ve looked at it now for a lot of months and they have the best road network in Europe by far. When you layer all of our international businesses around the world coming in to Europe at that efficient productive, low-cost network and you add it to the European network on its own, all of a sudden you start multiplying the benefits in there, they’re very high. On top of that, we actually have a very excited sales force between their team and our team and we've been meeting with them. I think we’re going to see a lot of benefits there that we actually hadn't really added into the equation yet. They’re going to be coming in, and of course the sourcing. So, I think on all fronts we're going to end up with one powerhouse in Europe going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Salmon with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Salmon: Good evening, guys. Alan, a quick clarification with regard to the fiscal '17 guidance. I’ve been getting a bunch of emails from client who are -- in fact I’m little bit confused as well, when you're guiding to the current guidance, does it include the $200 million of integration costs you're expecting with TNT?
Alan Graf: The 11.75 to 12 on the quarter is nothing from TNT.
Fred Smith: Yes, let me make sure you understand that comment that was just made. There's nothing in that guidance pro or con from TNT. So, obviously we picked up the TNT revenues and whatever profitability they have plus the integration expenses, that's what I've meant when I started early on by saying it's very early days with us and we will update this in September. But I will say one thing here that it's obvious to me looking at some of the questions and some of the reports that have been published there's this sort of underlying theme that TNT is its own business and it's had these low margins and so that's going to go forward. The whole rationale of buying TNT, in fact it's right in the middle of this whole e-commerce debate. In this business the number one item after the line haul in upstream systems is delivery density, cost per stop, the number of stops per hour and so forth. So the two plus two equals seven equation, so to speak, of us buying TNT is extraordinary. And that's why Alan says to you with such authority as we integrate these PUD networks and take advantage of the unmatched surface networks of TNT, there is going to be a tremendous opportunity to increase the margins in earnings in the Express segment. So, we know we are going to have about $200 million in integration expense. We can't tell you exactly when it is, but offsetting that are going to be the TNT revenues and the profitability of their existing business on a go forward basis. So I hope that clarified it a bit. Let me take another couple of -- three of these Internet questions submitted in advance. David Vernon of Bernstein. How important are store replenishment activities in the FedEx portfolio services as e-commerce take share from traditional retail. Is there a risk that demand for any set of services falls off in a consequential manner? Mike and Henry, you want to comment on that?
Mike Glenn: Commercial Ground delivery and LTL delivery to stores is an important part of our business. I would just say and remind everyone that today e-commerce is about 10% of total retail and are growing faster than traditional retail. Traditional retail is still growing. So, we don't expect any major impact in terms of our volumes going to the retail. As a matter of fact, we think there may be opportunities going forward as omnichannel plays began to be more prevalent and e-commerce strategy involves pickup at the store level. So, we think there's an opportunity there. I’m quite comfortable with our position.
Henry Maier: The only thing I would add is that historically when you get close to peak we’ve seem B2B business drop-offs and convert mostly to B2C less peak because of the trend toward stores being used is e-commerce fulfillment sites. We actually saw our commercial traffic through the month of December stay fairly strong.
Fred Smith: Let me say a couple of other things which I think may be informative to the people that are interested in the segment, in FedEx. We know from research that the millennial generation, the largest generational cohort in American history is not going to stop going to stores. In fact, we had a wonderful presentation about just a couple of weeks ago at our Board Meeting. So, e-commerce is fantastic and its going to continue to grow and we intend to be a major player in that space. But as Mike just said, it's not going to --- in our opinion and in the research from very credible sources, going to eliminate retail. What it may do is change the character of retail. And one of the things that you see happening are very focused, integrated product in-store networks too that come to mind that are just fantastically successful are [indiscernible] which is a company that's located in Spain and well-known for its fast cycle small shipment replenishment of its stores are able to turn on a dime of what's selling and move it around the world. And in Japan a great company called UNIQLO [ph] does the same sort of thing. So as these types of retail operations continue to proliferate, there will be a fair amount of B2B business and as Mike said remember of all retail e-commerce is now about 10%, growing fast, taking share, but it's going to be a long time before retail is threatened. And B2B meaning the underpinnings of the business world medical production, automotive, and things like that that in the main is not going to be diverted to e-commerce anytime soon and that is the backbone of the FedEx networks. Let me take one more here while we’re queuing up another call. Demand for final mile service by the USPS is out growing demand for traditional package services, driven in part by the popularity of SmartPost. Does FedEx see any risk or opportunities associated with USPS's ability to invest and keep pace with that demand. Mike, Henry you want to take that one?
Mike Glenn: Well, clearly the U.S. Postal Service did face some challenges going forward with the dramatic growth of the e-commerce and we won't speculate on how they deal with that, but we see e-commerce as a tremendous opportunity. At some point it may make more sense for us to deliver a lot of the SmartPost packages in our network as Henry's talked about. We certainly have the technological capability to do that and when we do that our cost goes down. So, we think we're pretty well prepared.
Fred Smith: Alan what level of debt, capital or debt to EBITDA should we be thinking about over the long-term for the Company? And there are a number of questions about future CapEx. So let me just lump all that together into a balance sheet question for you.
Alan Graf: Well, balance sheet is strong. Our credit metrics are I think -- we are at -- we’re a Company with the growth opportunities that we have need to be, and we intend to work on improving those over the next 24 months. So I think I've been in the financial markets from a debt standpoint a lot in the last couple of years, and we will probably take a little break on that, because as I said, we think, we know we have the cash flow coverage for what we're trying to do. So, going forward we've always said we're a capital intensive growing transportation company. We think the sweet spot for CapEx is 6% to 8% of revenue. Next couple of years we’re going to be above that basically because we're re-fleeting, we're expanding Ground as rapidly as we can, as efficiently as we can and we got the TNT integration put together. But having said that, it's very manageable with what's in front of us. As I said, we are going to continue to increase earnings, cash flows, returns and margins. And we have been improving our ROICs and we’ve been definitely improving our return on equity, but at the end of the day, that's not the most important metric. Most important metric is shareholder return. So, over the last five years we have had a share price return of 88%, which is a CAGR of little bit over 14.1% as compares to 53 for UPS, 63 for S&P 500, and 47.5 for the Dow Jones Transports. That's the number that's the most important for our shareholders and the same goes for total return. And when it go back longer-term, last 15 years our total return to shareholders have been 377.6%, UPS has been 170. So, while ROC and ROE are -- ROIC and ROE are nice metrics, they know win the ballgame.
Operator: Right. And our next question is from Jack Atkins from Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. Thanks for the time. Just a couple of things here on the Ground side. The $2 billion in CapEx in FY17, would you characterize that as sort of peak CapEx for the Ground segment this cycle, and if not how should we think about that? And then, could you give us an update on the integration of SmartPost in the Ground. What major milestones have been achieved there so far and sort of what additional items do you expect to accomplish in FY17?
Mike Glenn: Well, let me just say this Jack, we think that FY17 this should be the peak. It's not going to drop much off of this going forward based on the growth we're seeing and the expansion we have planned. And I’d like to remind everybody that our volume grew 10% year-over-year and on an average daily volume basis our volume is double over the last 10 years. So you have to expand CapEx to build the capacity and you just run the business day-to-day here. On the SmartPost side, we’re well along. We haven't integrated all facilities yet and that's largely due to the fact that the growth in that service has been such that we’ve been a little bit constrained by Ground capacity and being able to move more volume into the network. But the two big IT events, the first occurred in January, which just allows us to begin manually matching addresses on packages and moving them into the Ground network for final delivery. And then, the next big event will come next summer where virtually we can have the system match addresses and move them. And as I’ve explained in the past, you move a SmartPost package into the Ground network, you can deliver that incremental package for roughly 25% of the postage as opposed to tendering it to the USPS. So we’re pretty excited about that. We're looking forward to get in the spring behind us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nate Brochmann: Good evening everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask a little bit more on the TNT and this a little bit longer-term, but obviously you spend a lot of the time on your people and your leadership teams. How do you manage that and kind of integrate those teams together and take the best in breed and strategically make sure that nothing gets kind of lost throughout this whole integration, practically on the customer and the service side?
Mike Glenn: That was a great question, and I just came back from Amsterdam and I can tell you that we’ve already announced to our team at FedEx Express and the TNT folks as well, we have announced several Senior Vice Presidents in our new organization that came from TNT. The Head of Customer Service for all of our organization came from TNT. Some of their leaders in sales that will be our new team are from TNT, integrated with our folks. Their culture is very, very similar to ours. I can tell you that they're excited about joining our team and our culture, however, because we’re more global than them of course. So, I think you're already seeing and I was told first-hand by all the people that I met with over there was thousands of people, how thankful they were that we were integrating their people with our people. It should be also said that that is the history of FedEx across-the-board. We've done it in every acquisition, we did at Flying Tigers, Caliber, and on and on. So they already kind of knew that, but now they know it for sure.
Fred Smith: Dave for you and Mike Glenn, how quickly will the TNT name go away so the entire international parcel and freight network is branded as FedEx? That’s from David Ross at Stifel.
Mike Glenn: Let me take a shot at that first. This is Mike Glenn. I want to remind everybody that we -- when we acquired Caliber Systems, we actually operated RPS as RPS for about 18 months to two years. We did that because we wanted to make sure that the service that we were providing in the level of integration was consistent with the FedEx brand. We got a very detailed brand plan that is part of our integration efforts with TNT. There are certain countries where the TNT brand is quite strong and actually has a higher level awareness than the FedEx brand. There are other countries where the FedEx brand is stronger, there are other countries where they’re approximately the same and we have a brand's transition scenario for all three of those. So it will take us some time, but we’re going to follow what we know works and that is to be patient to make sure that we make these changes at the right time, because candidly we want to leverage the strength of the TNT brand during the integration.
Fred Smith: And Mike as long as we got you at the mike, David Ross also wants to know besides FedEx office locations, is FedEx expanding its pickup, drop-off presence in the United States? And if so, how?
Mike Glenn: The answer to the question is yes. We continue to expand our FedEx office locations through hotel and convention service opportunity site specific logistics opportunities. We also are expanding through our FedEx authorized ship center network. In addition to that, we leverage third-party opportunities such as office superstores. So we're continuing to focus on that as we know that’s going to be a critical part of e-commerce going forward.
Fred Smith: Here is a question which issue is most concerned, FedEx in the coming election? I would say, we would have a hard time putting up a list of the things that don't concern us giving the two candidates position, but obviously we're concerned about the anti-trade rhetoric a lot of the anti-business positions and it's very worrisome. But hopefully after the election cooler heads will prevail. There are lots of things that need to be addressed. We talk about it many times, I mean, China has been quite mercantilist on its trade policies, but the way to deal with that is to negotiate which I don’t think not to threat them or take all of the huge benefits of trade and throw them away. We have thousands and tens of thousands of highly compensated people working for FedEx in the United States are involved in trade, pilots, mechanics, customs clearance people, pickup and delivery personnel, that's the story that never gets told when the tragedy of a local plant closing gets put on the TV. So I'd be happy to debate the mass benefits of global trade with anybody that wants to do it, but we're very concerned about the positions of both parties in trade, in particular.
Operator: Would you like to take a question from the phone?
Mickey Foster: Yes.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. Our next question is from Helane Becker with Cowen. And Helane, if you could please check your mute function. It looks like Helane must have stepped away. So next we have David Ross with Stifel Nicolaus.
David Ross: Yes, good afternoon everyone. This question for Mike Ducker. On the LTL side, wanted to know why yields and revenue per shipment on the economy shipments are 27% higher than those on priority shipments, when we think that the priority would be more expensive or high revenues in the economy?
Mike Ducker: David this should be the last score that you have to deal with that. Frankly the -- that is a change in reporting that we made when we took spot shipments out of priority and put them into the economy bucket, and that should normalize next quarter. So that was done last June.
Fred Smith: I have a Internet question from Ravi Shanker about LTL. We are doing here as long as Mike's answering questions. How would you characterize the LTL environment specially in terms of pricing and competitive actions.
Mike Ducker: Right now I don't think there is any secret. We're not trading in a very robust market. The industry shipments have been somewhat sluggish this year. However, I would characterize it as very competitive market, but rational and that's how I would characterize it.
Fred Smith: And from Kevin Sterling of BB&T, what benefit are you seeing in LTL from the 48 inch odd freight surcharge?
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. As you know we just implemented that change to June 1, so we're only a few weeks into that. It's premature to comment on a potential benefits and in fact we actually don't expect to see a lot of benefits. We expect those shipments that that those characteristics to continue to move primarily in the Ground network, although there could be a few that move over to LTL.
Fred Smith: And Mike, Kevin also wants to know about Walmart now offering a two day subscription service for free shipping, similar to Amazon prime. Walmart is going to use more regional carriers for last mile delivery, if other retailers follow suite to keep with Amazon, how will this impact FedEx?
Mike Glenn: Well, first let me say Walmart is being a long time and growing customer. We’ve been business partners with Walmart for many, many years. They’re named carrier of the year on a consistent basis and I think they clearly value the service that we provide. And so I expect those trends to continue in terms of our growth with Walmart going forward. Regarding regional carriers, I mean the fact matter is regional carriers simply don't have the scope and the scale to be able to compete with the networks that make up 95% of the e-commerce shipments in the U.S, and as said before that would be FedEx UPS, United States Postal Service. So thoroughly there's a role for regional carriers and -- but they cannot compete in our opinion with FedEx over the long haul.
Fred Smith: There is a question from Helane Becker, who wasn’t on the phone, but she's here [indiscernible] with her Internet question. [Indiscernible] old friend and I hope she's out having a Cabernet or something, but she ask an important question, is cost to converting options to firm orders for the six 767 freighters announced recently including in CapEx guidance? It is and I think it's important because there have been several things that been printed about this which indicate a lack of clarity out there about this when Dave and his team did the deal with the Boeing on 767s, it call for 10 firm airplanes per year over a number years to a total of 50, and then there were options with given dates and these six aircraft were the first options that became due and they are for delivery in fiscal year '19 and '20. The next options are not due until June of calendar year 2018 when Express will decide whether it wants to exercise a tranche of six and then the next one after that is June 19 with a tranche of six. Basic deal is we have 10 firm airplanes per year and the ability to go up to 16 airplanes. Now it’s a little more complicated anatomy out years, but Dave you want to add anything on that?
Dave Bronczek: No, that’s exactly right, Fred. The only thing I would add is that we're not adding capacity. And I think that's an important point. We’re replacing the older planes that have less fuel efficiency and higher maintenance costs with these new more modern better planes. So they’re not adding any capacity, just replacing.
Fred Smith: There is a question that's an important issue also from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley, which Henry and or Mike should answer. Oversize packages, last quarter you noted that the oversize packages are hurting your margins, have you been able to raise prices to offset the productivity loss? How your customers reacted to your adjustments to handling surcharge policy since June 1?
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. We made a number of pricing changes targeting this specific area starting with the change in unauthorized package charge, which is packages that are oversize and outside the characteristics of the Ground network in which we can handle at our discretion, we increase the surcharge there. We actually increase the surcharge on oversize packages. As noted, effective June 1, we increased surcharge on additional handling packages, additional handling surcharge changing the dimensions, the linked dimension from 60 inches to 48 inches. And we're considering other options that would be appropriate for that space. Having said that, that business continues to be robust, and a growing business and an important part of these e-commerce growth going forward. There are plenty of stories of companies out there that are being successful in non-traditional e-commerce retail segments, which would be packages that are typically larger like mattresses and other things like that. So we're happy to handle that, but we expect to be compensated for the service that we provide.
Fred Smith: Question from Bascome Majors of Susquehanna. Long question, but netted down, do you think it's feasible for someone to build an efficient national parcel network combines in-house air and truck linehaul between regions, but outsources the costly last mile delivery to either the U.S. Postal Service or the low-cost regional local couriers. Is that a competitive threat that concerns you? Answer to that is no, and the reason for that is that the upstream infrastructure to do that is enormous. I wish I could have a film or something to show you these facilities. Henry has got how many hubs with the new opening this year? Henry, 30?
Henry Maier: [Indiscernible].
Fred Smith: Yes, but total, what is that …?
Henry Maier: 37.
Fred Smith: 37 hubs, I mean the size of these things are 250 to 300 acres. They handle tens of thousands of packages. The miles driven by FedEx Ground per year is 1.2 billion miles and freights in the same capacity level. So these upstream modes are very substantial and actually the last mile is the easiest thing to do if you don't have any upstream infrastructure. Problem there is that you cut yourself off from the tens of millions or billions of potential other shippers from every other part of the world that can be co-mingled to lower stop caused by having more stops per hour or more deliveries per stop. And that's the thing that we’ve been consistently saying, I use the word fantastical, if you recall, because all of these analyses are either unmindful of that or they make assumptions that are erroneous when you actually understand what the real world numbers are. Let me just give you one statistic. I don't mean to impeach any one entity, but there have been several analyst reports that have come out and said will 767 airplanes can carry 120,000 pounds and so the calculations are done on that. The maximum cubic revenue payload of a 767, we're pretty damn good at this is far less than 120,000 pounds and if you load it up with just pallets, you're probably talking about two thirds of that if that the airport locations to process these things and the containers they’re more difficult than the airplanes by far. So, I use this opportunity. Thanks for the question Bascome, but again to point out some of the analysis that's being done, that's not in accordance with the facts on the Ground, literally and figuratively.
Operator: Would you like to take a question from the phone?
Mickey Foster: Yes.
Operator: Right. We have a question from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Unidentified Analyst: Good Afternoon This is Daniel [indiscernible] on for Scott. Thanks for the time. Could you discuss the operating efficiencies in freight in the quarter? Elaborate on that and what do you expect going forward?
Mike Glenn: Sorry. Yes, frankly earnings stayed flat. We had good revenue growth, but we were impacted from the well deserved pay increase and also some benefits from last year. Our expectation is double-digit margins at the freight company going forward. We will achieve that through balanced yield and volume growth, as well as adding technology into our network for the future.
Operator: Thank you.
Fred Smith: There are a couple of question we have, we’re live on here. Go ahead.
Operator: Yes, thank you. Our next question comes from Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie.
Kelly Dougherty: Hey, thanks for taking the question. I just want one quick clarification on TNT and then a question on capital intensity. It's hard to keep beating [ph] at that horse here, but after you roll in the revenue and expected profitability from TNT offset that with the integration costs, [indiscernible] financing, TNT net is likely to be modestly dilutive in '17 and then accretive in '18, is that kind of the bottom line way to think about all of those different moving parts?
Fred Smith: I [indiscernible] told you about something Kelly. Nice try. I said I would come back in September and will be accretive in '18.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good evening. Just on the Ground side, are we seeing a swap from the deferred at Express over to Ground, and can you talk if we’re seeing that double-digit growth? Can you talk about the opportunity for additional cost efficiencies at Ground to improve the margins there?
Mike Glenn: Yes, this is Mike Glenn. Let me comment on the Express deferred numbers. What we saw during the quarter was a shift in mix from deferred actually to overnight from a couple large customers and we also had a couple of releases last year, which impacted the quarter. So the numbers were skewed a bit, it's not an issue where we're saying Express business trade down to Ground.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Yes, thank you for taking my question here. So Alan, you talk about TSR and I think a lot of people on this call are very interested in keeping FedEx TSR high going forward. But CapEx, cash flow returns are all interlinked here, I guess, as we look forward into e-commerce world is it just that the value proposition per package delivery keeps this business, in a low teens margin environment with a lot of capital intensity or now that you’re close to a $60 billion global organization, I mean, you’re one of the largest transportation companies in the world. Is there a significant ability looking for that you can really leverage the capital base to generate more consistent free cash flow and really get an equity valuation that the market would be willing to mark much closer to some of the quality industrial facts that are out there that are similar sized?
Alan Graf: It mean do better than the 5 and 50 numbers I just gave here, which are already pretty good. We make these capital investments for the long-term and I think our cash flow and EBITDA are fabulous and they're growing great and they’re going to continue to grow great, but we’re aggressive. I mean, when we bought TNT and you spend $5 billion on capital the same year, and you buy back a bunch of stock, that’s aggressive. So, the confidence that we’ve in our markets going forward and our ability to continue to improve our margins, I'm not concerned about being [indiscernible] and just staying in low numbers, we want to exceed those. And give Express a couple more years with TNT under its belt and stand back.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Hartford with Baird.
Ben Hartford: Yes, thanks. I guess, Alan to that points, on the dividend, obviously a big hike recently, is this now roughly 1% annual yield or this representative -- is this a representative target for you and the Company or are you still intend to move that dividend yield higher over time?
Alan Graf: Well, that would be my preference but I’ve a Board of Directors. We’ve got a lot of things to balance and decisions to make, but we’ve been very consistent over the last number of years of -- in our June meeting of raising our dividend, and so I would expect you could see us continuing to do that. I can't say exactly how much, but it will be the objective. And again with the reduced number of shares since we bought so many back, when the scheme of our cash flows, the dividend actually is kind of on Page 3, in terms of it impact our overall cash flows and spending.
Operator: And that does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Foster, for closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in our conference call today. Feel free to call anyone on the investor relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today’s call, and we appreciate your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-03-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Vice President of Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and CFO Mike Glenn - President and CEO, FedEx Services Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO Dave Bronczek - President and CEO, FedEx Express Henry Maier - President and CEO, FedEx Ground Mike Ducker - President and CEO, FedEx Freight
Analysts: Chris Wetherbee - Citi Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Tom Wadewitz - UBS Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie David Ross - Stifel Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank Ravi Shanker - Morgan Stanley Scott Group - Wolfe Research Jeffrey Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Matt Troy - Nomura Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead sir.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon. And welcome to FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter earnings release and our 26 page stat book are on our website at FedEx.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for about one year.  Written questions are welcomed via e-mail or social media. When you send your e-mail, please include your full name and contact information with your question, send it to ir@fedex.com address. If you would like to send a question via social media go to stocktwits.com and include $FDX in your message. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call such as projections regarding future performance maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. Following Alan’s remarks today, we will have about 45 minutes for questions and answers. So now, our Chairman Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. We appreciate everyone on the call participating in it. Let me begin by thanking hundreds of thousands of FedEx teammates for delivering our Purple Promise everyday including a great 2015 peak season. FedEx Corporation continues to improve margins, financial performance and competitive position. As noted, our 3Q FY year-over-year earnings per share is up 23%. I should note there are three recurring areas of concern however expressed in various articles and reports: one, future margins; two, industry disruption; and three, capital spending.  Regarding margins, the express profit improvement program will be exceeded by May 31. Express segment margins in the current fourth fiscal quarter will be approximately 12%. Likewise FedEx Ground including SmartPost margins will increase in the 16% plus this quarter while the FedEx Ground and supply chain segment will be 15%. Remember, GENCO is now part of this segment and the margins in this business will not be as high as those of Ground itself. However, the strategic importance of our expanded customer solutions resulting from the GENCO acquisition is profound and will greatly benefit our future financial performance. A significant issue for FedEx Ground over the past year has been the extraordinary growth of oversize shipments which Mike Glenn and Henry Maier will address. It is truly unfortunate that Congress did not increased the federal twin-trailer limit from 28 feet each to 33 feet which would have benefited consumers, lowered fuel consumption and reduced highway accidents. We are optimistic about FedEx Freight improving margins in the future as well and Mike Ducker can talk about that. It’s important to note that we manage FedEx operating companies to maximize the corporation’s performance over the long term. So in any given quarter, we may spend more in one segment to achieve this result. The concerns about industry disruption continue to be fuelled by fantastical and let me emphasize I chose this word carefully articles and reports which are devoid of in-depth knowledge of logistic systems and the markets which FedEx serves. As we have previously noted, network design technology, facilities capabilities and route/stop density are the key elements in the FedEx UPS and postal service systems that make it highly likely. These entities will remain the primary carriers for e-commerce shipments in the U.S. for the foreseeable future. Finally, FedEx is currently investing in FedEx Express fleet modernization and expansion of FedEx Ground’s highly automated facilities. Both of these major programs have high returns and are interval to margin expansion. Our cash flows are such that we can easily fund investments at $4 billion to $5 billion per year while retiring debt used to acquire TNT if the transaction is approved and stock repurchases. Of course we include replacement CapEx in this projection. To reiterate, we believe FedEx will continue to improve margins, EPS, capital returns and increase cash flows which we have told you repeatedly over the last couple of years and again have demonstrated this quarter. Let me now turn to Mike Glenn for our economic outlook followed by Alan Graf with detailed remarks about our financials. Mike?
Mike Glenn: Thanks, Fred. I’ll open with our economic update and outlook, and then discuss our performance and business conditions in each segment including revenue, volume and yield and provide some commentary on broader industry trends that we are experiencing.  On the economic front, we see moderate growth in the global economy. Our U.S. GDP forecast is 2.2% for calendar 2016, 40 basis points lower than our forecast last quarter and 2.5% for calendar 2017 led by gains in consumer spending. We expect industrial production growth of 0.6% in calendar 2016, 130 basis points lower than last quarter and 2.5% for next year. Our global GDP growth forecast is 2.5% for calendar 2016, which is 30 basis points below last quarter and 2.9% for calendar 2017. Now I’ll review revenue, volume and yield trends by segment. In the Express segment, revenue decreased 1% as lower fuel surcharge and unfavorable currency exchange rates more than offset yield growth. U.S. domestic package volume grew by 2%, driven by growth in overnight packages. U.S. domestic revenue per package increased 1% despite lower fuel surcharges. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year domestic Express package yields grew 3%, primarily due to rate and discounts. FedEx International economy volume grew 2% while FedEx International Priority volume decreased 3%. International export revenue per package decreased 5% as lower fuel surcharges and unfavorable currency exchange rates negatively impacted yields. Excluding fuel, international export express package yield decreased 1%, primarily driven by the negative impact of exchange rates, which outweighed the positive impact of rate and discount changes. FedEx Ground revenue increased 30% in the quarter driven by higher ground volume and yield, recording of SmartPost revenue on a gross basis versus the previous net treatment and due to the inclusion of GENCO results. FedEx Ground average daily volume grew 11% in Q3, primarily driven by growth for demand for residential deliveries related to e-commerce. FedEx Ground revenue per package increased 8% year-over-year in Q3 due to the recording of SmartPost revenues on a gross basis and higher base rates, partially offset by lower fuel surcharges. Excluding the impact of fuel, ground yield per package including SmartPost increased 11% year-over-year driven primarily by weight and discount, and SmartPost customer mix. FedEx Freight increased revenue 1% as LTL shipments increased 7% and revenue per shipment declined 4%. The increase in shipments is driven by our sales efforts with small and medium customers and reflects the speed, reliability and choice of priority and economy services for our LTL customers. Revenue per LTL shipment declined due to lower fuel surcharges and average rate per shipment. Excluding the impact of fuel surcharge revenue, revenue per shipment was down 1% year-over-year due to lower weight per shipment. Now, I’ll discuss in more detail some of the industry dynamics that drove the record peak season and beyond. The 2015 peak season was historic by many measures and it was driven by the continued growth of e-commerce. Demand for residential deliveries across the industry surpassed expectations as consumers increased online shopping in record numbers, not only with their higher volumes, but the types of goods purchased online increased. FedEx experienced record demand including multiple days of greater than 25 million packages delivered which is more than double our average daily volume. We are proud of our team members and the incredible job they did with more than 325 million packages delivered during the peak period. We worked very closely with our large e-tail and other peak customers to prepare for their needs and to deliver the holidays. It is very clear that e-commerce is now enabled the full scale of retail revolution. There are several important trends worth noting. First, referring to a specific peak day is quickly becoming a thing of the past. As evidenced this year, there were multiple days where volumes exceeded 25 million packages as consumer buying habits are changing. We view this as a positive as Mother Nature can sometimes play habit with last minute e-commerce shoppers. Smoothing sales throughout peak season is a trend that will benefit retailers and transportation companies alike. We believe online shoppers will have increasing incentives to order earlier in the holiday season. Second, more and more retailers are fulfilling e-commerce orders from individual stores or what we call store to home delivery. FedEx is well positioned to service this growing market in the years ahead with our broad portfolio of services including metro delivery and same day services. Third, we are seeing a significant increase in non-traditional items now being purchased online, mattresses to new swing sets and big screen TVs just to name a few. We welcome this opportunity but it is important that we price these items accordingly to account for the operational complexities such as manual sortation to person delivery et cetera. As a result, we will be adjusting the initial handling surcharge for FedEx Ground. Today, if a package length is greater than 60 inches additional handling surcharge will be applied. Beginning June 1, the maximum length will be reduced from 60 inches to 48 inches. We believe 48 inches is appropriate as it is the standard length of an LTL pallet. It is important to remember that the primary value proposition of e-commerce is the ability to order a product online and have it reliably deliver to the consumer. In that regard, FedEx is and will continue to be a key enabler for e-commerce in the years ahead. By our estimates, more than 95% of all e-commerce orders today are delivered by one of three entities in the United States. FedEx, the United States Postal Service with whom we have a strategic relationship to transport the priority mail and UPS. In fact, if we were to isolate our e-commerce business one could argue that FedEx is one of the most profitable e-commerce companies in business today. I’d also like to clarify some of the public discussion and speculation concerning Amazon adding some direct transportation capabilities. First, Amazon is a valuable customer that we worked with for many years and we expect to work with them for many years to come. We’ve been in constant dialogue with them to understand their transportation needs as they've experienced significant growth. We’ve been aware of Amazon’s need for supplemental capacity related to inventory management, which is driving some of the investments they are making in transportation. Large retailers have long had their own transportation capabilities, primarily to enable movement and positioning of inventory across their store and fulfillment locations. While recent stories and reports of a new entity competing with the three major carriers in the United States grabs headlines, the reality is it will be a daunting task requiring tens of billions of dollars in capital and years to build sufficient scale and density to replicate existing networks like FedEx. It is also important to note that no one FedEx customer represents more than approximately 3% of total revenue. Additionally, other than the Postal Service, no single customer represents more than approximately 3% of revenue for FedEx Express, FedEx Ground, or FedEx Freight. We manage these relationships carefully to ensure we don't become overly dependent on any one customer. We expect these industry trends and dynamics to accelerate this coming holiday season and we will continue to affect the industry year around. FedEx is well-positioned to provide innovative solutions and to meet this growing demand. And now, I will turn it over to Alan Graf.
Alan Graf: Thank you Mike for that excellent report and good afternoon everyone. We had a strong quarter with adjusted earnings of $2.51 per diluted share, up year-over-year more than 23%. Adjusted consolidated operating margin increased to a healthy 9.2% versus 8.3% last year. These record earnings proved once again the success of our strategy to manage our portfolio of services to achieve enterprise results and it’s important to remember this strategy does not always translate into each segment's individual earnings and margin performance. We expect our fiscal 2016 adjusted earnings to be up 20% to 22% over last year as we continue to benefit from our execution of the profit improvement program at Express. Our positive financial momentum should continue into our upcoming fiscal 2017 or we expect continued solid growth in earnings and cash flow. This quarter there were three expense adjustments within corporate, eliminations, and other. First, during the quarter, we reached agreements in principle to settle all of the 19 cases on appeal in the multidistrict independent contracted litigation. The settlements will require court approval. We recognize a liability for the net expected loss related to these cases and certain other pending independent contractor -related proceedings of $204 million or $0.46 per diluted share. These disputes involve a contractor model which FedEx Ground has not operated since 2011. This is good news because assuming the necessary court approvals are obtained it resolves all of the remaining multidistrict litigation cases. We are defending contractor model cases that are not or no longer part of the multidistrict litigation. These cases are in varying stages of litigation. We do not expect to incur a material loss in these cases. Secondly, net expenses related to the settlement of a U.S. customs and border protection matter involving FedEx trade networks were $69 million or $0.15 per diluted share. And thirdly, our pending acquisition of TNT Express and operating income impacted $23 million and EPS impact of $0.06 per diluted share. Turning to the segments and starting with our star Express, Express had an outstanding quarter as operating income climbed 51%, and operating margin increased despite lower revenues. We repeat that. Operating income climbed 51% and operating margin increased despite lower revenues, who does that. Express operating margin was 9.1%, a 320 basis points versus last year and is the best third quarter margin in Express segment history. The increase was driven primarily by yield management, U.S. domestic volume growth, and ongoing benefits from the profit improvement program. Express is efficiently managing volume increases in e-commerce and at the same time continued softness in international volumes. The profit improvement program that we announced in 2012 continues to improve revenue quality, increase productivity, and constrain expenses. Turning to Ground, Ground saw unprecedented demand with volumes increasing 11%. However, Ground's operating margin declined. The 390 basis point decline in operating margin was primarily driven by five factors, one 190 basis points from the change in SmartPost revenue reporting and the inclusion of GENCO results. Two, 60 basis points from higher cost driven significantly by peak season demand that exceeded both volume and package size expectations as Mike discussed. Third, 60 basis points from higher self-insurance reserves. Fourth, 30 basis points from increased purchased transportation rates for linehaul. And fifth, 30 basis points from network expansion cost. As Mike said, we are evaluating several Ground pricing initiatives to balance our revenue and cost and increased margins. In addition, over the next two years, we are spending additional capital at Ground to expand needed capacity to support both commercial and e-commerce growth, including non-conveyable annexes designed to more efficiently handle those packages that do not fit on our sortation equipment. Fred mentioned, we expect Ground to return to mid-teens margins in the fourth quarter. At Freight, Freight continues to adjust to a very challenging LTL market. Freight segment operating results decreased primarily due to salaries and employee benefits expense outpacing revenue growth. And revenue growth was negatively impacted by lower fuel surcharges and weight per shipment. We had been installing dimensional scanners to more accurately cost and price shipments. Freight currently has 45 dimensional scanners in operation today with another eight slated to be installed by the end of the fiscal year. These dimensional scanners pay for themselves in less than a year and an important part of our yield improvement program. We also expect Freights productivity to continue to improve in Q4, as well as throughout 2017.  From an outlook standpoint, we expect our strong solid earnings growth to continue in the fourth quarter from the execution of the profit improvement program and from improvements in our Express and Ground segment's due to volume and yield growth. We are updating the lower part of the range for our adjusted FY16 earnings guidance to $10.70 before year-end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustments. The new range of $10.70 to $10.90 represents adjusted EPS growth of 20% to 22% year-over-year. Our outlook excludes certain legal cost as well as any TNT integration cost of results. Our expectations for earnings are dependent on several external factors, including fuel prices and moderate growth in the global economy. The capital spending forecast for the fiscal year is now $4.8 billion, which is higher than our previous forecast due to increased investments in FedEx Ground as we continue to expand the network in anticipation of continued high growth. FedEx is strongly committed to delivering long-term value for our customers, shareowners, and team members. In January, we completed a 15 million share repurchase program authorized in September 2014 and announced our most recent stock repurchase program of up to 25 million shares of FedEx Corporation common stock. Since FY 2014, FedEx has returned over $8.3 million to shareowners through the repurchase of over 60 million shares and during the past two years has increased its dividend by 33% and 25%, respectively. Our strong balance sheet profit and cash flow performance give us the flexibility to initiate this stock repurchase program, while continuing to execute our strategic growth initiatives. In the near-term, we are planning the debt offering, the proceeds of which are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including share repurchases and the prepayment of certain tax-exempt debt. We intend to fund the acquisition of TNT Express with cash from operations and proceeds from a planned debt offering in the fourth quarter which we plan to launch shortly after the other debt offering. We will evaluate assessing the Euro market for the TNT funding. The lower Moody’s rating that we expected will have a de minimus impact on our upcoming financings. Regarding the TNT acquisition, we completed several steps during the third quarter including unconditional approval by the European Commission of our intention to acquire TNT, and TNT has announced agreement to sell its airline operation to comply with rules governing foreign ownership of European airlines. We had many questions submitted by analysts on the TNT acquisition. Many of which we cannot answer in detail at this time. I will say that FY 2017 will be a year of investment and integration and in beginning in fiscal 2018 I am expecting TNT to be very accretive to earnings. The TNT acquisition is expected to expand our global portfolio particularly in Europe, significantly lower cost to so our European markets by increasing density in our pickup and delivery operations, and accelerate our global growth. More than 20 FedEx and TNT our operational and geographical teams are planning to make the transition as smooth as possible for customers and team members to position FedEx for long-term profitable growth. We remain confident that we will close the acquisition in the first half of calendar year 2016 and we were very pleased with TNT's recently reported improving operating performance. Want to prove this landmark acquisition is expected to bring over 50,000 new team members to our ranks and significantly improve our global competitive position. In closing, I am extremely proud of the FedEx team for its impressive efforts. Our financial momentum should continue in FY 2017, while we expect continued solid growth in earnings and cash flow. Thank you for your attention. I’m now going to turn the meeting back over to Fred and we will start the Q&A.
Fred Smith: Mickey why don't we take, we covered most of the Internet answers in my remarks, Mike’s remarks and Alan's remarks, there are a couple of others we will get to, but I will let Mickey moderate at this point in time for the other ones. And I would point out we will spend about 45 minutes on the Q&A or until we run out of strategic questions. We are not going to re-plough a lot of ground that we have done in the past year because it just wastes everybody's time. Mickey.
Mickey Foster: Okay, the first question. We’re ready for the first live question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will move first to Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Hi thanks, good afternoon. I wanted to think about sort of the bigger picture strategic question for the Express side of business. So far the profit improvement plan has been very successful and you are hitting your goals, do you think about the next sort of three years, excluding TNT for a moment, how do you think about sort of the capital intensity and the asset intensity of that business. Does there come a point where there is an opportunity to maybe do more business with fewer assets in the air and sort of leveraging sort of the supply dynamics within the air cargo market, wanted to think about the bigger picture trend for Express going forward, can you feel more confident using third-party aircraft and how we should maybe think about that?
Alan Graf: Thanks for your question Chris and thanks for your comments about our Express team has done a great job. The answer to your question is, we have a great fleet modernization plan that actually takes us out the a lot of years and we continue to replace the old planes with the new 757’s and the 777's and quite frankly, we’ve actually already been doing things like you suggested using third-party lift, where appropriate throughout around the world and that’s been very beneficial and very profitable obviously, but I think on top of that our FTN, our FedEx Trade Networks Organization and they are strategic part of our business around the world on ocean shipping with the air freight shipping and obviously the priority Express shipping, you can see that we will continue to grow our profits and our margins and for a long, long time, and quite frankly we've got our network right in the sweet zone right now, executing on all cylinders. So, I think the answer to your question, we probably could look at opportunities to add more into our capacity if we needed to. The great thing about what we've done is we can flex up or down and we’ve appropriately done that. So, we’re always looking for opportunities to grow our profits and grow our margins and if that appears to be the case we will go forward with that.
Operator: And we will to our next question from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry: Thanks good afternoon. Following up on your comments regarding capital spending, looking out a couple of years to fiscal 2017 and 2018, how should we think about growth in CapEx at Ground versus Express exclusive of any impact from TNT?
Alan Graf: Allison, this is Alan, you need to think about CapEx exclusive at TNT being at $ 5 billion or little bit over for the next couple of years and most of that increase is going into the Ground networks. We have about 100 projects underway right now that we hope to get finished before next peak. A broad brush across the country, two new hubs, only thing it is going to be automated and I'm sure Henry can add a little bit to that, but easily affordable. The actual number will be higher because we're going to have to invest in TNT, TNT had been under invested in and we will have more to tell you about that after we close it.
Henry Maier: Hi Allison, we have on cap for this year two hubs, and 19 automated satellites, which will bring us up to over 100, I think the exact number is 103 automated facilities out of a network of about 550 by the end of the year. And that’s what’s driving the majority of our capital spend.
Operator: Thank you and our next question will come from Tom Wadewitz with UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes good afternoon, thank you for the question and I appreciate all the comments at the beginning Fred it’s helpful to get that perspective. On the Express, your various comments are pretty upbeat about how you are ending the year with Express margin and I think you said like 12% fourth quarter, would you reconsider what you might be able to get to in Express margin over the next several years and is there any kind of framework for what might be a path forward, is it, I think you’ve talked about 10% in the past, is there something that we ought to think about 11 or 12 on our full year basis, just wondered if you could frame that kind of additional momentum and how we might think about that in the next few years in Express? Thank you.
Mike Glenn: Well thanks Tom and I appreciate your feedback and I remember you were there when we announced our profit improvement plan and I’m really pleased to say that we are hitting it, exceeding it and the moment actually is carrying us into the fourth quarter and it will carry us into the next fiscal year. And it’s in every area. Quite frankly, we have a D&A now in our company, we’ve a right sized the company, we’ve got the right cost structure in place for our people and our airplanes and our whole network around the world, TNT as Alan mentioned before and Fred is going to be fantastic going forward, but I think the answer will be obvious. The answer is, we continue to grow our profits and our margins, you can see it in the fourth quarter we had 12%, obviously double-digit margins are right on us now and we continue to grow into that going forward. So that being too much more specific than we already are, which we've been more specific than we usually are. Yeah, you can see very strong double-digit margins at Express going forward.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith again. Let me reiterate what I said at the opening of my remarks and the end of the remarks. We anticipate FedEx Corporation's margins, returns, cash flows, and EPS to increase over the foreseeable future. So, obviously with Express and then Ground is our biggest operating companies that should basically answer your questions. Regarding the item on the fleet, I think it’s important to note that FedEx Express is operating 20 less airplanes today in 2016 then we were in 2013. Now part of the reason we are able to do that is because the airplanes are much more reliable. We don't need as many as spares, there is not in many in maintenance intervals, and of course we are always trying to make our assets sweat more. And use assets productively whether they are ours or someone else's. So that's an old part of what we're doing what we do as well.
Operator: Thank you and our next question will come from Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie.
Kelly Dougherty: Hi guys thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to maybe be return to Ground a little bit and any better sense you can provide about the profitability improvement potential that could come from the smart post integration, maybe how long of a process this will take, if it is something that will start to see no noticeable difference in fiscal 2017. I know the goal is mid-teens, gross margins and you talk about that for the next quarter, but kind of from a full year basis, just wondering if you could walk us through, how and when we get there?
Henry Maier: Hi Kelly, this is Henry Maier, thanks for the question. I think it is important to point out here that we are totally focused at FedEx Ground on long-term profitable growth. And we have a number of initiatives underway right now that over long term will fundamentally change the way we operate FedEx Ground. So, let me share a couple of them with you. There are network changes underway that integrate commercial and residential networks and position us to increase our operating days and continue to enhance our service. We are making a number of operating adjustments that enable the cost-effective and productive handling of the increased volume of large non-conveyable packages.  We are also investing in technology that supports operating one consolidated Ground network, which prior to our announcement last September we had two. We’re also transitioning our U.S. pickup and delivery service providers national to a single operating agreement that enables increased service capacity and improves operational flexibility for these independent businesses. Now these investments, which vary in timetables, but should be essentially complete by the end of, sorry prior to FY 2021, will have a short-term impact on margin, but will ultimately drive cost out of the network enabling Ground margins to return to historical levels. And we continue to believe that we are uniquely positioned to succeed in this new e-commerce world.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David Ross with Stifel.
David Ross: Yes, good afternoon. I just wanted to turn to FedEx Freight for a second. The shipment growth accelerated nicely, up 7% in the challenging period for the LTL industry, the margins weakened, just wanted to get a little bit more color Mike, in terms of what's behind that in terms of how much is related to fuel, was it a intentional move to not push the price lever as much to get the volume in on what else is going on there?
Mike Glenn: Thanks for the question, this is Mike Glenn. The success that we had in growth was primarily driven by our sales activities in the small and mid-size customer segment. Our sales team is executing crisply and bringing the kind of growth that we are looking for. The primary driver, absent fuel and the lower yield per shipment on revenue per shipment was lower weight per shipment. So, I will turn it over to Mike Ducker to comment further.
Mike Ducker: Yes David, Mike Ducker and I will just reiterate the excellent job done. Most of that growth came in the small and medium sector. In the first half of 2016, we had anticipated volume growth that really didn't materialize. So, we found ourselves over staffed in certain geographies and through a combination of that sales success Mike just talked about and reduced staffing through attrition, we've now better aligned our staffing to volume levels we’re in balance and we've got significantly improved network efficiencies going forward. So a lot of that was input cost on salaries and wages and benefits versus the volume that we had at the first part of the year. So, now we are operating in balance, service levels of the best are the best in many years, we are focused on yield improvement, productivity improvement, and better capacity management in the future. 
Fred Smith : So, Fred Smith here, I mentioned we covered most of the Internet questions in the prepared remarks, there were a couple that didn't fit, one of them from Nate Brochmann of William Blair, we all likely agree the same day delivery is a relatively small market today and likely will be even in the future. What is FedEx doing to prepare a partner with local delivery/final mile firms if the market turns out to be larger than expected? Mike.
Mike Glenn: FedEx currently offers same-day delivery in 23 markets and we've seen volume growth in key segments such as retail, e-commerce, healthcare, and others. FedEx Same-Day City plays an important role on our e-commerce suite of services and customers are responding well to the uniformed professionalism of our business model. Having said that it still represents and let you offering in very small percentage of our overall portfolio, but we are able to scale when demand dictates.
Fred Smith: Nate also asked a question about FedEx ground and the productivity of our independent service providers, I think Henry answered that in just a moment ago. So, we will move on to one by David Ross of Stifel, China has been grabbing a lot of headlines in recent months, please discuss the importance of China's economy to the FedEx global express network? Dave Bronczek.
Dave Bronczek: Yes thanks Fred, and thanks for the question David. Obviously, China is a very important to us, but they are not more important than all the rest of the world. I mean they are a part of the rest of the world for us. There’s a lot of multinational companies that are in China that we do business with in China and exporting out of China. So, I would say that we’re always watching how the economy is in China, but it is not causing us any problem or any concern right now because our customers there are for the most part multinational customers.
Fred Smith: There was also a question from Ravi Shanker of Morgan Stanley about Amazon’s building out some of its own capacity. I think that was answered in its entirety by Mike's remarks. Tell me, queue yourself up Ravi, if that’s not the case. Now we will take another question from someone on the line.
Operator: Okay and our next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter: So thanks Fred and team for a great, great job on the quarter, but may be you can talk a little bit Alan on TNT, I know you want to wait till it closes, but can you talk about the process here, does the appeal slow the potential on closing, is there a timing we should expect on the China decision and then maybe you can talk about in terms of synergies when we can kind of expect to see the level and amount as you talk about, what’s going to go into 2018 and the benefits you get from there?
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me ask our general counsel Christine Richards to comment on the first. And regarding the second, since it has not been approved I think unfortunately we need to wait on making any comments about that until the transaction has closed, but we will make sure that we do that assuming that it does close in first call after that. So Chris if you’ll speak to the legal issues.
Chris Richards: Ken, this is Chris Richards, thank you for the question. I’m very pleased to report that we have obtained a tremendous number of competitive approvals from the last call and at this point in time we have unconditional approval in Australia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, the European Union, Israel, Japan, Namibia, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, South Africa, Taiwan, Turkey, the Ukraine, the United States, and Vietnam. We are completing the process and have review pending in Argentina, China and Korea. We also have an appeal of the unconditional approval in Brazil, which was an expected appeal, it is a part of their normal process and we're very confident that we will close the acquisition of TNT in the first half of calendar year 2016 with all necessary regulatory approvals.
Fred Smith: We will take live questions again.
Operator: Thank you. And we will move next to Rob Salmon with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Salmon: Hi, good afternoon guys. With regard to the omni-channel retailing, I’m curious, which network that is running through when you're getting the from store to home, I would imagine anything that’s going interest store is running across the B2B network probably predominantly in Express, but was hoping to get a little bit of perspective related to which respect of network that runs through and the impact to return on invested capital and revenue per unit would be really helpful?
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. Regarding our metro service capabilities, we have a variety of services. We have Express service for the premium packages that require specific delivery time. We have Ground services that can serve metro eight areas. We also have SmartPost services that can serve Metro. So, we have a variety of services to meet that need. Should also mention Same-Day City, which is operated by our FedEx office team, also has the capability to serve metro toward our home delivery. So, we have a wide variety of service capabilities and we are well suited to participate in that market segment.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. Let me again remind the people that follow FedEx that our services are a portfolio, which are broadly used by customers. I think I’m correct well into the 90% of our customers might use Express and Ground, over 70% use Express, Ground and Freight. And I think based on the emails and the comments that I get on the internet, every man, women and child in America uses FedEx Office. So again our job is to try to improve earnings, returns, cash flows and we have told you that we are confident that we can do that, and I think a little bit on this call not so much is in the past, if you attempt to try to bisect FedEx into some of the parts analysis you’re going to get surprised.  We buy airplanes because they increase earnings, cash flows and returns over a period of time. We add automated ground facilities because they do the same thing. So there is no motivation inside FedEx to do anything other than to achieve those results at the corporate level and sometimes we decide to be aggressive in one segment because we are achieving our corporate goals and you’ve seen that with the ground numbers when we were responding to the post 2008 crash in Express and fuel prices running up to $147 a barrel. So we launched the profit improvement program and a lot of the corporate results were funded by the outstanding performance of ground. Now, we’re doing a lot of things on Henry side of the house and Express margins and returns are expanding, we are able to do that still buying a lot of stock and pay for a significant acquisition. So it’s important to keep that in mind when you’re asking these questions. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ravi Shanker with Morgan Stanley.
Ravi Shanker: Thanks. Good evening everyone. Fred, thanks for addressing my email question. Just one follow-up on omni channel, can you give us an update on your Monday residential service trial. How many city so far, have you expanded it to any new cities and what have you learned from trial so far?
Mike Glenn: Thanks, Ravi. I guess it’s safe to say that the six day pilot we ran in Tennessee this year was an unmitigated success. We have plans to expand it later this summer and we’re looking very hard at whether or not we just run this network six days a week year round. We get much more turns out of the assets. I think Dave mentioned making the asset, we’ll certainly do that. I think the other thing that’s important to people on the call to understand is that while we talk a lot about peak, e-commerce buying behavior is really shifting to a peak like look around. We are extremely heavy on Monday because of the e-commerce orders that flow in and fulfilled over the weekend. And I think long term I think six day a week operation is probably the best operation to run because these e-commerce stores never shut down. So I think we’re well positioned there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks, afternoon guys. So Alan, I wanted to just follow-up a little bit on the guidance. So if I plugged 12% Express margins for the fourth quarter into the model, it feels like there is some upside potential to that 10.70% to 10.90% range. So any offsets that we should be thinking about to keep us within that range. And I know you made some preliminary comments on fiscal 2017 but can you give any more color on what you consider solid earnings growth of you think we could be in that 10% to 15% long term guidance that you have.
Alan Graf: The guidance is the best that I can do. I missed so many quarters that now we’re back to a quarterly guidance during the fourth quarter. You never know, fuel prices are ticking up a little bit and so that could possibly work against us on a year-over-year basis, so we’re watching that very carefully. There could be – what happens at the end of the year with aircraft maintenance, we think there might be a little bit of risk with that as well. So we’re watching all these very carefully but I’m pretty confident in that range and that’s why we cut the bottom of it off. And Mike told you about how we’ve lowered substantially our expectations for the economy in 2016 and so we’re keeping our eye on that as well. But having said that, I’m not guaranteeing we’re going to hit inside that range because my track record has not been very good on a quarterly basis.
Fred Smith: Fred Smith here. We have one internet question from Jeffrey Kauffman, The Buckingham Research Group. 
Jeffrey Kauffman: On the TPP trends pacific trade agreement, while the agreement reached seemed a reason to celebrate. It seems that popular politics seems to be voting down free trade in this election season. What does TPP mean to FedEx and does management view the risk of TPP not being approved increasing and can you please provide an update.
Fred Smith: I don’t think there is any question about the fact that TPP is going to be harder to pass given that the leading republican and democratic candidates were presenting United States are against it. Free trade and opening markets has been American policy since 1934 when Roosevelt and Hull passed the trade agreement act that overturned the absolutely disastrous Smoot-Hawley Tariffs, those were two republicans that in 1930 put in a lot of tariffs to protect America. So trade contracted by 66% and the Roosevelt Hull action in 1934 turned it around but there is no question that those tariffs created with a big part of the cause of the depression.  So after the war, one of the first things that Hull still there and Roosevelt before his death worked on was the International Trade Organization along with IMF and the World Bank. They couldn’t get it passed so they instead came up with this framework called the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trades called GATT, and seven times they expanded trade until the World Trade Organization was put in place back in the 90s. So the thought that trade is not been a great thing for the world and America is absolutely belied by facts. Now have they been in merchant list, of course they have Japan and China in particular. But to lump in all trade with the trade practices of a couple of trading partners is like putting leaches on you and bleeding the way they used to do during the old days and think you’re going to get better. I mean it’s a self inflicted problem and in the case of Mexico, the NAFTA agreement has added hundreds of billions of dollars which is traded with Mexico, yes we do have a modest trade deficit with Mexico but the benefits of trade are always dispersed, lower iPhones, lower TVs, lower priced T shirts, lower automobile cost, on and on down the line which makes everyone standard of living better whereas the pain is always localized like the unfortunate carrier air conditioner shutdown in Indiana that’s being so prominently talked about. Now TPP, it should be noticed and everybody makes a big thing out of the fact it’s a 54,000 page document or something like that. What it does in the main is to reduce 18,000 tariffs on U.S. goods. So it helps us a lot and I hope as we get into the general election, the profound benefits of free trade over many, many decades can be understood and the merchant list practices of people who are not comporting to the WTO dealt with on an individual basis. So we think that it’s much more difficult to get TPP passed but I can promise you we’re going to work as hard as we can to make sure people understand these issues. We’ll be able to take another question from live on the call.
Operator: Thank you. And we move to Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Good evening everyone and thanks for taking my question, and again congrats on the growth, it’s tough to come by here for most of the companies. So Fred or Mike, can you guys help us understand here because this might be part of the confusion or part of the problem looking at Amazon, as we have more and more omni channel distribution as Amazon puts fulfillment centers closer to the consumer, has there been a length of haul reduction in the average e-commerce shipment or is it by far still regional distribution model? And so if we do go to more a local type distribution, how does that change where you see the capital priorities for FedEx or maybe it’s not even shifting that way?
Mike Glenn: I think Amazon’s strategy is clear, the more distribution facilities they put up the more they would like to be close to the end consumer which by definition makes more deliveries on a local basis. Having said that, all of the conversation about new entrants into the local delivery market, I mean there are hundreds and thousands of local delivery companies in every market in the country delivering parcels. All you have to do is Google local delivery and you will come not sure where you live but Google that in the city where you live and you’ll find hundreds of companies that deliver parcels on a local basis every day, that’s not the market that FedEx competes in on a day-to-day basis. We run a broad global network. Having said that, as I mentioned before, no single customer represents over 3% of our total revenue, so we are not exposed to any one customer and we try to manage our business so that we don’t get over exposed in that regard. So we’re well positioned for growth long term and as I said Amazon is a good customer, we expect to be a good customer long term.
Fred Smith: Fred Smith here, let me refer you to my friend David [indiscernible] remarks after their last quarterly results. He was on CNBC, did a great job and he pointed out that the essential thing in the delivery business is route density and revenue per delivery stock. And that is why he said virtually the same thing that we have said that in all likelihood the primary delivers of e-commerce shipments for the foreseeable future will be UPS, The U.S. Postal Service and FedEx because input costs even though you might have a local operator over the thousands, it might talk about are trumped by the delivery density and the revenue per stop characteristics of the big carriers. And remember, we are not delivering from 50 fulfillment centers or 100 stores or 60 stores, we have the capability to pickup, transport and deliver an item from 95% of the human beings on the planet much less every business on the world within one to two business days, door to door customs cleared. So that’s known as Metcalfe's law, everybody understands this in the telecommunication business, it’s the number of nodes on the network squared. If you run the hub-and-spoke system, it’s in times and minus one. So whether you’re a big box retailer or you’re an e-tailer that puts their fulfillment centers which is a surrogate for the store delivers the items individually or how you come into the store, the economics are the same. It’s network density and revenue per delivery stop that are the determinant of who is going to deliver these packages in the years to come.  The postal service delivers to a 140, 154 million addresses every day and so like way the e-commerce packages are perfect for the postal service because they can put them in with a mail and deliver on two residents, that’s why parcel selected they call it is partnered with FedEx SmartPost, UPS share post, Amazon direct injection and another group of smaller competitors in this so called consolidator space. And it’s that misunderstanding that the drivers are network density and revenue per delivery stop that have led to a lot of the misunderstanding about the future evolution of the markets. Okay, another question from live question.
Operator: Yes. We will move to Matt Troy with Nomura.
Matt Troy: Yes, thanks. I just wanted to look at the Express segment, the rate of growth in the overnight premium product almost doubled versus your year-to-date rate which is curious. Is that more tied to the urgency around peak season or you’re seeing a shift back in behavior by consumers is more sustainable to the premium product?
Fred Smith: We had strong demand for overnight services in peak season. Obviously that is certainly the case as you get closer to Christmas day and that was a key driver for that.
Matt Troy: Okay, thank you.
Fred Smith: Let me take a couple of internet questions here and then Mickey can tie it off with one or two questions from – live questions. John Barnes ask about then pricing, I think we pretty well covered that. Do you want to?
Mike Glenn: John, let me just say that FedEx implemented then pricing last January therefore the third quarter last year only had two months of impact of the new dimension way pricing while this year had three months in the impact. So it was one difference in terms of month. Dimensional way of pricing obviously is the standard in the industry and I will say that I think it’s had a very positive effect on customers in terms of how they view their packages and the package size. There is still a long way to go on that but certainly there – we made a lot of progress in that regard. I think you also had a comment about are you concerned about driving customers to find alternative or non-traditional sources of parcel capacity, I’m not aware that there are any viable non-traditional sources of parcel capacity especially in peak season so we certainly don’t see that as an issue.
Fred Smith: Allison Landry asked some questions about parcel select. I think I answered that in the longer window answer I gave about route densities and revenue per delivery stop. Art Hatfield of Raymond James, do you currently see any new regulatory headwinds on the rise in either here in the U.S. or overseas? This along with bad trade policy and bad tax policy is why we are seeing low GDP growth rate and why global GDP has slowed down in global trade. I cannot tell you the on slot of regulatory issues that we deal with every day here. It’s in every possible crevice of the organization from Department of Labor to the FAA to protectionist policies, [indiscernible] security regulations overseas. If you don’t try to stop these things, the natural course of events is they come on the bottom of the ship like barnacles. So that’s happening and that’s why we have low growth rates, bad policies, taxes and regulations in Europe, in the United States and China, in Japan and unless those things turnaround you’re going to continue to have low growth rates.  So Mickey, you want to finish it up.
Mickey Foster: Okay, just one or two more questions, then we’ll finish.
Operator: We will move to the next question from Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling: Thank you. Good afternoon gentlemen. In LTL volumes, do you saw nice volume growth? Are you seeing more growth on the economy side or the priority side and how much is improved rail service helping economy growth?
Fred Smith: We had balanced growth between the two services so there was no material difference there.
Kevin Sterling: Okay, thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I’ll turn it back over to Mickey Foster for any final or additional remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation’s third quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you.
Operator: Everyone, that does conclude our conference call for today. We do thank you all for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-12-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Vice President, Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and CFO Mike Glenn - President and CEO, FedEx Services Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO Dave Bronczek - President and CEO, FedEx Express Henry Maier - President and CEO, FedEx Ground Mike Ducker - President and CEO, FedEx Freight
Analysts: Chris Wetherbee - Citi Tom Wadewitz - UBS Nate Brochmann - William Blair Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jack Atkins - Stephens Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie David Ross - Stifel David Vernon - Bernstein Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Scott Group - Wolfe Research Alex Vecchio - Morgan Stanley Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Please standby. Good day, everyone. And welcome to the FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good afternoon. And welcome to FedEx Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. The second quarter earnings release and our 26 page stat book are on our website at FedEx.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for about one year. We have moved our call to the afternoon to allow more time for us to review our results and answer your strategic questions. Written questions are welcomed via e-mail or social media. When you send your e-mail, please include your full name and contact information with your question, send it to our ir@fedex.com address. If you would like to send a question via social media go to stocktwits.com and include $FDX in your message. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. We’ll first take a couple of questions after the remarks from the conference call then we will answer questions that have been submitted via the internet. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good afternoon. And welcome to our discussion of results for the second quarter of fiscal 2016. FedEx Corporation posted solid earnings and year-over-year EPS improvement of 19%, excluding TNT integration costs and a legal settlement charge for FedEx Ground. We continue to increase margins, earnings per share, cash flows and returns on invested capital. These basic trends should continue well into the future, barring major events or macro-economic factors. A record number of holiday shipments fueled largely by the steady rise of e-commerce are flowing through the FedEx global networks. Monday, we picked up over 26 million packages global. We greatly appreciate the dedication of more than 340,000 FedEx team members who are delivering the holidays to our customers around the world. Express service levels in particular have been outstanding. While we have experienced extremely heavy ground volumes in the Northeast, our team members have risen to the challenge and ground system is running as scheduled. Adherence to our people service profit philosophy and the FedEx strategy of compete collectively, operate independently and managed collaboratively are keys to our success. We will exceed the profit improvement program at FedEx Express this fiscal year and the Aircraft Fleet Modernization program is paying off in a big way. It's no secret that e-commerce is changing the dynamics of the transportation industry and driving remarkable growth. We have strategic plans to ensure we will continue to benefit in the years ahead from this growth. For example, we are integrating Ground and SmartPost facilities, and linehaul systems to realize incremental operating expense savings in the future. Multiyear expansion of automated FedEx Ground facilities will allow continued profitable growth and provides the most flexible and fast as ground package system possible. We are also deploying new technology that will enable us to combine FedEx Ground and FedEx SmartPost packages going to common delivery addresses, which will significantly improve efficiency, productivity and service. FedEx Freight is focused on improving margin trends in a week industrial economy through better balance and volume and yield and higher productivity. Our recent offer to buy TNT Express assuming it's approved will quickly broaden our portfolio of solutions, particularly in Europe. Customers of both FedEx and TNT will benefit from our unmatched global network. Despite contraction of U.S. exports due to the high U.S. dollar, and low world GDP and trade growth, the overall market for international door-to-door Express continues to increase also driven by e-commerce. A couple of developments in e-commerce are worth noting. First, oversized packages are increasing, and second, a number of e-commerce shippers continue to use extremely cubed inefficient packaging, loaded density and over-the-road ground trailers is therefore declining because of these trends. In this regard, we are extremely disappointed that Congress did not approve the use of Twin 33-foot trailers on the nation's highways versus the current 28-foot standard. 33 is already permitted in 18 states and we have safely driven them almost 1,500,000 miles in Florida along, drivers tell us they are more stable than the 28-foot trailers, with similar handling and turning. Our industry estimate this change would, one, eliminate about 6.6 million trips annually and thereby improve safety due to fewer accidents per year, the 33’s would materially reduce congestion, third, it would save over 200 million gallons of diesel and reduce carbon emissions by 4.4 billion pounds per year. With e-commerce exploding and U.S. automobile models driven reaching a record high this year, 33-foot trailers would be of enormous benefit to our economy and significantly improve road safety. We would like to welcome Chris Inglis to the FedEx Corporation Board of Directors. Chris retired in 2014 as the Deputy Director and Senior Civilian Leader of the National Security Agency. His Cyber Security and Information Technology expertise and significant leadership experience will be very valuable to FedEx. Regarding vital issue of cyber security, the pending omnibus bill contains several very positive changes to the law regarding corporations and government agencies. And we sincerely hope it passes. In conclusion, let me also remind you that this is the earnings call of FedEx Corporation. We manage our portfolio of services to achieve enterprise results, which does not always translate into each segment’s individual earnings and margins. Now Mike Glenn and Alan Graf will discuss our economic outlook and further details of second quarter earnings after which as Mickey said we’ll take your questions. Mike?
Mike Glenn: Thanks Fred. I'll open with our economic update and outlook and then I'll discuss performance and business conditions in each segment including revenue volume and yield and provide some commentary on pricing and broader industry trends that we’re experiencing. But first I’d like to take this opportunity to acknowledge our team members around the world who are delivering the holidays as we speak. As Fred noted, we've experienced record-breaking demand during this peak season largely driven by the rapid growth of e-commerce. Our busiest days during peak have exceeded our forecast and more than double our average daily volume and should be noted that our busiest days this year are approximately double what they were just about eight years ago. Our ability to flex our networks to meet this demand and while delivering service our customers expect requires many elements. We continue to invest in new facilities, capacity expansion. We apply advanced engineering and use state-of-the-art rotation technology. We innovate the portfolio and certainly collaborate very closely with our customers. But more than anything else, our ability to meet this demand comes down to our people including our drivers, couriers, pilots, package handlers and all team members that are hard at work around the world right now to deliver the holidays. Now let me make a few economic comments. We continue to see moderate growth in the global economy. Our U.S. GDP growth forecast is 2.4% as we encounter ‘15 which is slightly lower than our September 2.5% growth outlook. And our forecast for calendar ‘16 is 2.6% which is led by gains in consumer spending in the near-term. We expect industrial production growth to 1.5% in calendar ‘15 which is 40 basis points lower than our September outlook. And we have a forecast for 1.9% next year, which is consistent with our September forecast. Energy investment, strong dollar and an inventory correction are restraining growth in the sector. Our global GDP growth forecast is 2.5% for calendar ‘15 and 2.8% for calendar ‘16 which represents no change from our far outlook. Now review our revenue volume and yield trends by segment. In the Express segment, revenue decreased 6% as lower fuel surcharges and unfavorable currency exchange rates were more than offset base yield growth. U.S. domestic package growth grew by 1%, driven by growth in overnight packages while U.S. domestic revenue per package or yield decreased 2% due to lower fuel surcharges. If you exclude the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express domestic package yields grew by 3%, primarily due to rates and discount product mix in weight per package. FedEx International economy volume grew by 3% while FedEx International Priority volume declined by 5%. International export revenue per package decreased 9% as lower fuel surcharges and unfavorable currency exchange rates more than offset higher base rates. If you’ll exclude fuel, international export express package yield decreased 3%, primarily driven by the negative impact of exchange rates, which outweighed the positive impact of weight rate and discount changes. Excluding fuel and exchange rate impact, yields actually increased 1%. In the Ground segment, revenue increased 32% in the quarter due to the inclusion of GENCO results, higher ground volume and base rates and the recording of SmartPost revenues on a gross basis versus the previous net treatment. FedEx Ground average daily volume grew 9% in the quarter, primarily driven by the growth in demand for residential deliveries related to e-commerce. FedEx Ground revenue per package increased 10% due to the recording of FedEx SmartPost revenues on a gross basis and higher base rates, which include additional dimensional weight charges, partially offset by lower fuel surcharges. Excluding the impact of fuel, ground yield per package including SmartPost increased 13% year-over-year, primarily driven by changes in dimensional weight rating, extra services, and SmartPost customer mix. Normalizing for the change in treatment of SmartPost revenue on a gross basis, Ground yield excluding the impact of fuel increased 3.9%. FedEx Freight revenue declined 2% and shipments increased 1% which is directly related to the lower levels of industrial production. We've also seen some heavier weight shipments move back to truckload as capacity has eased. LTL revenue per shipment declined 3% due to lower fuel surcharges, partially offset by higher base rates. Excluding the impact of fuel, yield per shipment increased 2% year-over-year at FedEx Freight, which was primarily driven by shipment class rate and discount. As we announced in September, we will be raising rates at FedEx Express, Ground and Freight by an average of 4.9% on January 4, 2016. In addition to the rate changes, FedEx also recently increased surcharges for unauthorized packages in the FedEx Ground network. We’ve seen significant shifts in demand across our portfolio including higher demand for residential deliveries due to e-commerce growth. We've rapidly responded to these shifts both through increased investments in capacity, expansion of our portfolio and pricing decisions across the portfolio. The rise in residential deliveries brings with it operational considerations, including the number of increased ops, higher use of fuel as a result of the increased ops and evolving package and weight dimensions. For example, package is classified as oversized, account for almost 10% of ground home delivery packages during peak season. This is the primary reason why we increase the surcharge on unauthorized packages in November and will be increasing the surcharge on oversized packages in January. As we conduct our post-peak season analysis, we’ll factor all these considerations in the future pricing decisions. As I mentioned earlier, we’re experiencing a record-breaking peak season with strong demand across the portfolio, especially for residential deliveries within the ground network. Strong customer collaboration is absolutely critical in preparing for peak as it enables us to anticipate surges in volume and position resources appropriately to meet the customers’ needs. We've experienced heavy demand for FedEx Ground particularly in the North East as Fred noted. But our dedicated team members are working hard to deliver the holidays. Demand in our industry is rapidly evolving. And we have continued to make changes to our service portfolio and adjusted our pricing strategies to meet customer needs and generate profitable growth around the world. And now I’ll turn it over to Alan Graf.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike. Good afternoon and happy holidays everyone. We had an outstanding quarter and we expect our solid earnings growth to continue in the second half of fiscal ‘16. We reaffirm our adjusted guidance for the year, $10.40 to $10.90 per share. Four highlights stand out to me. First, our adjusted EPS was up 19% for the second quarter. Second, adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 9.6%. Third, our FY16 guidance reflects nearly 20% growth at its midpoint. And fourth, cash flows from operating activities increased $300 million or 14% for the first half of FY16. I'm very proud of the entire FedEx team for its impressive efforts, which are continuing during this record peak season. Quarterly results improved largely due to higher base rates at Express and Ground, continued strong growth of e-commerce and positive impacts from the Profit Improvement Program that we announced in October of 2012 and as probably ahead of schedule at this point. These positive factors were partially offset by lower operating results at FedEx Freight, primarily due to salaries and employee benefits expense, significantly outpacing lower than anticipated volume growth and the modest negative net impact of fuel. There were two expense adjustments this quarter within eliminations, corporate and other expense. First expenses related to the settlement of independent contractor litigation matters of $25 million net of tax or $0.09 per diluted share. Also expenses related to our pending acquisition of TNT Express of $12 million net of tax or $0.04 per diluted share. TNT acquisition will transform FedEx as European offerings and accelerate global growth. We expect the acquisition will be completed in the first half of calendar 2016. Turning now to Express, another stellar quarter, operating margin grew to 9.4%, which is the best margin for Express in nearly nine years. Operating income increased 26%, despite a revenue decline of 6%. While Express fuel expense decreased 43% in the quarter due to lower fuel prices, fuel had a slight negative net impact to earnings versus last year. The negative net impact of fuel was a result of lower fuel surcharge revenue year-over-year, primarily and partially offset by lower fuel prices during the quarter. Currency fluctuations have little net impact on our P&L at Express. It can drive significant changes to revenue and expense. In addition, impacts to our P&L are more influenced by some currencies than others. Recent strength in the U.S. dollar against certain currencies has caused lower revenue expenses for FedEx Express, as well as a shift in trade patterns as U.S. imports have increased and exports have declined. A portion of our non-U.S. originating revenue, particularly from large multinational customers is paid in U.S. dollars and therefore is not subject to currency fluctuations. This helps our international revenue and expense denominated in foreign currencies to be more balanced, causing little net impact on our P&L from currency fluctuations. That will change once we acquired TNT and we will update you on what the impact is at that point. In spite of weakening trends in global trade, Express is realizing benefits from its Profit Improvement Plan, as I mentioned before. This includes strong productivity gains, a right-size workforce, efficient and reliable assets due to the Fleet Modernization Program and improved base yield. These structural improvements allow us to take advantage of the growing e-commerce market and to succeed under current global economic conditions. Express remains focused on ensuring the right products are in the right network and is looking for more opportunities to improve profit by using purchase transportation on a land by land basis where it meets our service level requirements and add shareholder value. The significant network improvements we're making enable us to profitably handle growth around the globe and quickly address any laying imbalances due to shift in trade patterns. Looking at Ground, FedEx Ground posted healthy results as a result of e-commerce growth, pricing actions and growth in market share. Operating income was up 13% due to higher base rates and volume. This is the financial metrics that we are most focused on at Ground. As we expected, operating margin was affected by the recording of FedEx SmartPost revenues on a gross basis and the inclusion of GENCO results. Together, those items reduced the operating margin year-over-year by 2.1 percentage points for the quarter. GENCO business itself is very good. By definition, however, it will impact Grounds margins because of Grounds much higher overall margins. This is no surprise to us. The GENCO acquisition complements and differentiates the FedEx value proposition, and is central to our e-commerce strategy. Opportunities from GENCO will help grow our core transportation business, especially reverse logistics and leverage existing customer relationships to open doors for both companies. Ground’s long-term strategy is focused on sustainable revenue, earnings and cash flow growth. In addition to GENCO, here are five ways the Ground prepares for the long game. First is automation, we’re making significant investments to add additional automated hub capacity and ensure many new stations are also fully automated, providing significant operational flexibility and capacity, particularly during sustain high-volume and keeping FedEx ahead of the competition. Second, the SmartPost integration, as one network Ground is able to maximize the use of facilities in linehaul assets to save operating expense and moving SmartPost packages onto a home delivery truck that is already going through a residence is significantly less costly than paying postage for the USPS to deliver the package. Over the next several years as we combine packages that are destined to the same delivery address, we will further increase our efficiency and profitability. Third is Monday residential service. Online shopping is a 24x7 experience, so we began a pilot test, in which we make weekend pick-ups at retail locations for Monday residential deliveries in the defined area. We may consider additional markets depending on the results of the test. Fourth is technology enhancements, this is a cornerstone of how we operate inside the FedEx portfolio. We continue to identify test and implement new technology for our operations beyond automated sortation, scanners, package, photo imaging and GPS are a few examples. And fifth is pricing. As Mike discussed, adjustments to our dimension-based and oversized pricing help offset the increase in package sizes that reduced our cube efficiency and increase our linehaul costs. The surcharges that went into effect last month applied packages that exceed the length or weight limitations with the FedEx Ground network and are handled at our option. This proactive steps help ensure that oversized packages excepted in our network are properly priced for the space they use. We expect Ground capital expense for FY17 to remain at its FY16 level of about $1.6 billion, 90% of that will be targeted for growth, largely because of rising cost of land and equipment necessary for Ground expansion and further automation. This is a change from my Ground capital comments on the previous earnings call. The FedEx Freight, we are adjusting to challenging less than truckload market conditions. Manufacturing especially in oil exploration and production has been weakening for most of the year. The latest reading for November show the Purchasing Managers Index and indicator of the Economic Health for the Manufacturing Sector, down more than 15% year-over-year. Slower manufacturing and weaker economy and mode shifts have been significant headwinds to Freight’s performance. Freight segment operating income and operating margin decreased due to salaries and employed benefits expense significantly outpacing lower than anticipated volume growth. We are adjusting staffing levels and other items to offset the impact of the current weak industrial environment. Looking ahead, we expect our solid earnings growth to continue in the second half and it’s significant that we are reiterating our adjusted FY16 earnings guidance. This equates to an adjusted EPS growth year-over-year of 16% to 22%, despite the weaker than anticipated industrial production and global trade. Earnings growth for the second half of ‘16 will be driven by volume and base yield growth at Express and Ground, and continued benefits from our profit improvement program initiatives. Year-over-year, adjusted earnings growth is expected to be stronger in Q4 versus Q3 due to the significant net benefit from fuel in Q3 of last year and the growing benefits from our profit improvement initiatives. Remember this guidance doesn’t include any impact from TNT and mark-to-mark pension adjustments. We will provide updated information at a later date. We still expect to close in the first half of calendar ‘16 and are waiting on regulatory approvals. Our tax rate is lower this quarter because we able to resolve a state tax matter in our favor. The full year rate is expected to be about 36%, excluding any impact from TNT and mark-to-market pension adjustments. Our capital spending forecast for the fiscal year remains at $4.6 billion, primarily for fuel efficient, new aircraft and support e-commerce growth at Ground. We will continue to invest in our people, team members pay increase in October, their healthcare premium held steady in calendar ’16 and our pension fund is strong with an accounting funded level of approximately 87%. On November 13th we placed our revolver and letter of credit facilities with a new five-year 1.75 billion revolving credit facility that expires in November 2020. The facility which includes a $500 million letter of credit sub-limit and multi-currency capability is available to finance our operations and other cash flow needs. Also during the quarter we issued $1.25 million of third-year notes at 4.75% coupon. The rating agencies affirmed our current ratings for this transaction. Interest will be $36 million for FY16 from this transaction and $60 million on an annual basis going forward. We use proceeds for some of our share repurchases, as well as other corporate purposes. Since FY14 we have returned over $7 billion to shareholders through repurchasing over 53 million shares at an average price of about $139, including over 8 million shares we have repurchased in fiscal ‘16 to-date. 4 million shares remained under our existing share repurchase authorization and we plan to repurchase all the remaining authorized shares by the end of the fiscal year. In closing, let me remind you that despite the economic headwinds, the FedEx Corporation balance sheet is strong, our cash flow is improving and we expect strong EPS growth. Thanks very much for your attention and now we will open the call up for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will first go to Chris Wetherbee from Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey. Great. Thanks and good afternoon. I wanted to touch, I guess, on the Express side and how it relates to the guidance. So weaker macro, maintained guidance and you’ve talked about some of the Express Profit Improvement Plan likely exceeding targets? Can you give us some context around that and sort of how you may think about the potential for fiscal ’16 and then maybe beyond?
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. I'll let Dave talk about it. Express’ margins are going up. They are going to continue to go up, absent macro economic or geopolitical events. As I said in my remarks that the Fleet Modernization Program is making a huge difference, Alan said in his remarks, the productivity because the technology is going up, the system from adjustments that Dave made in his network allow us to put the right traffic in the right network and as I said, Express is in a sweet spot.
Dave Bronczek: Yeah. Thanks for the question and thanks, Fred. We are in a sweet spot and if you remember our Profit Improvement Plan was driven mostly by structural costs initiatives and not as much on the revenue. That being said, the revenue has been better. We've had better yield management. But again we've had a terrific performance in our fleet. The planes are flying at 99 plus reliability and the fuel saving has been great, and of course, the reliability is all around the world. That being said, of course, our productivity and we've right-sized our U.S. operations here throughout the United States. And really on the global basis the traffic that we are moving on the international economy basis, that's growing is very profitable for us now, because we have it in the right network. So, yes, we are very optimistic about our profit improvement going forward. It continues to increase the profits. It doesn't stop. Of course, I saw some of the comments earlier. It just continues to keep growing and increasing. And Fred is right, I mean, we had nine year high of our margins at Express and those will continue to grow as well with our profits.
Operator: And we will now go to Tom Wadewitz from UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes. Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. If I could -- I don’t know if this is more for Alan or for Dave, but on the Express improvement plan, your -- I guess, it is less clear me, what the kind of metric are versus when you originally introduced the plan, you talked about it, I think, the 1.6 billion? And is that -- and I think that was at the end of fiscal year ‘17 within the base change a little bit related to the pension? So, could you just run through what the right, I think, both absolute amount you're considering to be the plan and then as is year end fiscal ’17 still the right timing on that, recognizing you'll improve on an ongoing basis, you will try to do that? Thank you.
Alan Graf: Thanks, Tom. As I -- I think we’ve mentioned this before several times, but it’s important to mention it again. The 75% run out weight rate that we've captured, we captured at the end of last fiscal year. FY16 built on that. All five of the pillars are still the five that are producing the results. Quite frankly they're better in almost every category. You can go back and look at all the notes so you can call IR for the five pillars. But across the Board we are improving each one of the pillars. The one that we counted on the least was the global marketplace revenue and actually we've been better on that. All that being said, that was the one that we were worried about the most. We are doing very well there, because we planned it to be less than all of our cost initiatives. So I would say going forward, obviously, you can see in the numbers, we are having a great year in ’16 and that will continue into’17.
Operator: And we will now go to Nate Brochmann from William Blair.
Nate Brochmann: Good evening and thanks for taking my question. Fred you started off like talking about obviously all the changes at e-commerce has brought and how that’s allowed you to redefine your network and serve your customers? As your customer supply change evolved, how have you been able to helped them and get deeper into that relationship and particularly how does GENCO helped with that?
Fred Smith: Well, I will ask Mike Glenn to comment on it after I do, but a big part of e-commerce is handling returns. So some years ago as we saw the market evolving, we decided it would be a very, very good thing for us to have a supply chain capability to offer a broader portfolio of value-added services to our e-commerce customers, because this was a huge part of the marketplace. It wasn't just planning on how to get it to the end customer but how to efficiently process the returns and merchandise. So through quite frankly serendipitous chain of events, this great company GENCO, which was coincidentally in Pittsburgh and was by far the leader in this space in our opinion became available and we did a deal with Herb Shear, a gentleman and great management team that he has assembled. And so we think there are enormous energies there. I'll ask Mike and Henry to comment on it but we just couldn't be more pleased with GENCO being part of the FedEx portfolio and think it will enhance our competitive position and problem-solving ability for our e-commerce customers.
Mike Glenn: Hi Nate. This is Mike. I think it’s important to note that that our sales team has a solutions organization that works hand in glove with our large e-commerce customers to help optimize their supply chains and that includes everything from types of information management solutions to location of distribution facilities, selection services, all designed to drive value for those companies. And sometimes those solutions are good for FedEx in the short term, sometimes they are not so good for FedEx in short-term but they're always good for us in the long-term because we’re working with customers to drive solutions that are going to benefit the relationship between FedEx and the customer over the long haul. So we're well ingrained in and embedded into our largest customers and work with them hand in glove throughout the year to prepare for peak season and operations 12 months out of the year. GENCO was a significant addition to our portfolio. We recognized we had an opportunity to enhance the portfolio. As Fred noted, they have world class solutions in the return segment. Returns is a particularly big part of any e-commerce value proposition because they tend to be double digits whereas the traditional brick-and-mortar retailer is in the mid-to-lower digit return rate. So GENCO has been a tremendous addition to the portfolio. We’re well down the track on integration and we see a lot of benefit going forward.
Fred Smith: I should note that GENCO does many things other than returns. And within their capabilities, they’re just outstanding in the market leader in the returns. Henry, you want to add anything?
Henry Maier: No. The only thing I would add is their product footprint on the board, logistic side as well. So customers that want, for instance, fulfillment, GENCO could do. I think it’s important for the folks on the call to understand there are a lot of transportation segments between all of these nodes on the supply chain. And this gives us an opportunity to participate in that transportation whereas before we probably didn't get a chance.
Operator: And I’ll now turn the conference over to our speakers for any questions that may have come over the email.
Fred Smith: Okay. We’ve got some questions over the internet. Ken Hoexter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Thoughts on Amazon creating its own network. Mike Glenn, you want to comment?
Mike Glenn: Yeah. Thanks Fred. I'm not quite sure how you're defining network but let me say that virtually every major retailer in the United States today has a dedicated linehaul operation to move inventory between distribution centers and stores and Amazon certainly no different in that regard. Amazon is a very large FedEx customer and we work closely with them as I just noted to optimize delivery needs and of course, work with them very closely to create new solutions to support the future growth. I do think it’s important to point out however that FedEx is a highly integrated global transportation network. In fact, one of only two operating at a significant scale in the United States today and only one of three major delivery networks in the U.S., the other two being UPS, the United States Postal Service. That’s not likely to change in the foreseeable future as these networks are very capital intensive and information intensive. And I think family, I think it’s important to note that our network is a lynchpin in the e-commerce market and our customers rely on us to sport their growth. So we feel quite comfortable where we’re situated -- comfortable where we situated today.
Fred Smith: Okay. There are a couple of questions here from several Internet questionnaires about the update on TNT. I think we answered that in Alan's comments. We’re hopeful we’ll close by the first half of next year. I'll ask Chris Richards to put any color on that she wants. There is another regulatory question from Helane Becker about is there a concern, the fine levied by the French will be copied by other countries and are you considering an appeal, Chris?
Chris Richards: Thank you, Fred. I’ll start with the update on the regulatory approvals of the TNT acquisition. As we indicated in our joint press release with TNT on October 20th, we have been informed by the European commission that no statement of objections will be issued to the review of our transaction. We are anticipating that we will receive final unconditional approval from the EU in the first two weeks of January. In addition, we have completed the process and received clearance in 10 other countries including the U.S., Australia, Chile, Colombia, Japan, New Zealand, Russia, Taiwan, Turkey and Ukraine. At this time, we are aggressively pursuing clearance in the remaining seven countries, Brazil, China, Argentina, Israel, Korea, Namibia and South Africa. And we are very confident that we will achieve the clearances that are necessary to close this transaction in the first half of calendar ‘16. Moving on to the question about the French proceeding. No there is not any concern of the fine levied by the French will be copied by other countries because this proceeding involved TATEX, a French company that we acquired in 2012 and the events that are the subject of this proceeding occurred in 2010, long before we acquired the business. The events were limited to France but despite that situation we are considering an appeal of this decision and will give you an update on it next quarter.
Fred Smith: Jack Atkins of Stephens wants to know what the margin goals for the Ground segment are? He asked a couple of other questions here. But I think they were basically answered because they concern TNT and he’s interested to know Henry about the cost savings to be realized from the integration of SmartPost into FedEx brand?
Henry Maier: The other significant savings when we can marry two packages together, the residential delivery because the vast majority of the cost in any of these networks is really around stopping the truck in front of an address. So when you can pull a package out of SmartPost, for instance, marry it up in single network with a FedEx home delivery package, the savings are quite a bit -- quite a bit that costs are quite a bit less than paying the postage on that package throughout the U.S. Postal Service delivery. There are a number of other advantages as well. One is, is that we can maximize the capacity between Ground and SmartPost from time to time and at times even geographically throughout the year we see volume spikes. This gives us the ability to move front since the SmartPost package into ground hubs, Throughout the year we see volume spikes, this gives us the ability to move upfront some of the SmartPost package into a Ground hubs, small store operation and process of their as opposed to centrally just bringing in more people at SmartPost to handle the added volume. There are number of other issues and just in the sense that we can share people now. We have effectively dissolved the corporate structures, so all of SmartPost people are either being deployed in their current jobs and the former SmartPost or within FedEx Ground.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go to Allison Landry from Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry: Thanks. So Fred, you mentioned early in your remarks that e-commerce customers continue to use an efficient packaging. And you’re continuing to see growth in oversized packages. So given that customer behavior is not changing, how do you plan to mitigate this going forward? And do you intend to lean more enterprising?
Fred Smith: Well, the answer to that question is yes on the pricing and of course, we’ve already done some of that and we’ve announced more. That's really where dimensional pricing came from. I mean, we were getting lots of packages that were one or two cubic feet and inside was a six ounce stuff toy and that comes from the way e-commerce is processed there. These large fulfillment centers or perhaps not so large. But they're using a lot of effort, particularly during the holidays to speed up, order fulfillment and they put things in boxes and is quite different than say Procter & Gamble packaging toothpaste in the most efficient and most dense way to minimize transportation costs. So the reason is it continues quite frankly with more effort not put into it on the part of the e-tailers is the Postal Service doesn't have dimensional price. And I have to tell you, I feel for a lot of our postal folks out there. They operate their parcel delivery system with 200,000 jeeps, which were basically designed for mail delivery and watching them it looks like a submarine. These people are -- they got at least, packages on the left-hand side of the truck, they have to stop, they have to pull them out, resequence them before delivery and at my house, I can promise you we’re getting a lot of very lightweight cube items coming from retailers through SmartPost or directly from an e-tailer. So over time, all markets are rational and it does not make a lot of sense for the e-tailer or the transportation company or the delivery company in the case of the postal service to pay money to deliver air. So I think pricing will rationalize it. As I said in my remarks, it's just a terrible shame that the 33 footers were not approved that gives about 18% more cube, very little increase in weight. And as I mentioned, from an environmental safety standpoint, it was just a complete lay up. And the forces that opposed it quite frankly, we’re not well informed on the issue. And hopefully, the Department of Transportation will move smartly to correct this because as I said, these are already used in 18 States and they’re more stable because it put slightly more weight on the actual of the twin trailers, the passing the 33 foot set of doubles versus 28 foot doubles at 60 miles an hour is basically inconsequential, its about a tenth of the second -- of a second different. So it’s a great opportunity to have a win, win, win solution in terms of national productivity for e-commerce reduction in fuel and environmental emissions and then would reduce over -- I think it was a 1,000 accidents estimated with the Ground parcel and LTL industry per year. But it is what it is and obviously we will have to operate the 28 footers but that would've mitigated a lot of these inefficient cube developments we've been talking about.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tom Kim from Goldman Sachs.
Tom Kim: Hi. Good evening and thanks for your time. I wanted to follow-up on the Ground margin question. I’ve question I guess around the integration of SmartPost and GENCO. In the prepared remarks, you’d mentioned that operating margins had been impacted by about 1.2% or more. Is that including anyone off integration costs?
Fred Smith: Well, this is Fred Smith speaking. Alan mentioned that of the Ground margin delta 2.1% out of I think 2.2% was having to report because of the integration of Ground and SmartPost, the revenues at the gross level versus the net level. Prior to our doing that, we simply took the net cost of the postal deliveries and excuse me, the delta between the postal delivery cost and in our revenues, as a single network the accounting rules are such we had to take it on a gross basis. So there's no diminution whatsoever in earnings, cash flows, the performance of ground, it’s just an accounting situation. The second is the fact that we put GENCO into the Ground segment and Henry is in charge of this because it is so closely aligned with the Ground parcel SmartPost presence in the e-commerce market. Now again, as Henry said, GENCO does many, many other things for Express and freight and so forth. But we're very confident in our Ground margins and Henry want to add to this and say it one more time what our goals are here.
Henry Maier: Yeah. We strive for mid-teens margins at FedEx Ground. There is no discernible integration costs in there at all. I mean this is roughly 10 basis points frankly falls into all other. There was no single large item. You got to keep in mind with the company of this size and the fact that we recognize revenue on delivery not on pickup, having a couple thousand packages move in or out over quarter and have a huge bearing on operating profit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger from Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks very much. Good afternoon. I was curious, could you address the Transpacific and perhaps Transatlantic, trade lanes. How they progressed through the quarter? What you’re seeing into the coming quarter and also with consideration for capacity? Thank you.
Dave Bronczek: Yeah. This is Dave Bronczek. I think I heard your question Transpacific, Transatlantic. It’s generally the same economic environment that Mike talked about at beginning around the world. It's growing but it’s more modest. So I wouldn't say -- I think it is actually growing more out of Europe because of the currency exchange, a little bit less out of Asia but around the world we’ve balanced our network. So for us in Mike's comments, we’ve took that into consideration as to where we put our packages and how we flow our network.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Salmon from Deutsche Bank.
Rob Salmon: Hey, thanks and good evening. I guess, continuing on the Ground line of questions? Can you give us a sense of what drove the acceleration in the average daily package volume growth? Was this -- was a lot of -- as a result of the GENCO acquisition, we are starting to sees some of those revenue synergies showing up? How much of an impact was the calendar and if there were any shifts coming out of Express’ U.S. deferred volumes which declined for the first time in a few years? It would be helpful to kind of understand the different puts and takes there?
Fred Smith: The volumes at Ground are growing because we are taking market share and because e-commerce, the delivery of individual packages to businesses and retailers is growing. And on the -- what was the Express deferred, do you want to comment on that Mike?
Mike Glenn: Yeah. I wouldn't read too much in the Express deferred traffic levels on a trend basis. Again, is similar to what Henry noted, specific pricing decisions on a customer by customer basis can impact volumes in any quarter. And so I wouldn't read too much into that. I mean, we are pretty pleased with where we sit from an Express volume standpoint, being up overall with the growth coming in overnight that that's a positive thing for us.
Operator: And I will now turn the conference over to our speakers for more e-mail questions.
Fred Smith: Okay. We have some other internet questions here. Kelly Dougherty, Macquarie. How does a greater unpredictability of online sales challenge impact your year-out-year planning projections? Well, let me make a couple of comments here and then ask Mike to jump in or Alan. As we mentioned earlier, we have this enormous sales group, which I've unabashedly think is the best in the Industrial Services sector and as an integral part of that we have this wonderful solutions group. So our good customers that work with us in a partnership basis we can do an excellent job of anticipating what their needs are and provide the equipment in the right place and the sortation equipment. The people that have the real problem in the e-commerce business by and large are those that view the transportation companies as some sort of utility or a vendor and they make some really, really bad decisions. I mean, they are -- we’ve just watched an amazement several of them just really dig themselves into a whole. But our good customers, we work very closely with them. Now despite all of the best efforts, despite that, sometimes they grow faster and sometimes they grow in different places because of their customers, I mentioned in the Northeast, the demand was just extraordinary. However, FedEx Ground is very unique in this regard. Our hubs and those you have been in them you'll know this, they're essentially completely automated. So what that means is that if we're over volume in our New Jersey hub, we can divert that traffic to Hagerstown, Maryland or into Pennsylvania and sorted in a different timeframe, but we are not reliant on the manning inside the hub, because really the only labor that's at the location are the people that offload the trucks and the people that reload the trucks. And we've been talking about this over and over over the years and I don't think that a lot of people understand the profundity of that automation and that flexibility we have. It’s a big competitive advantage. It allows us to use bigger problems with more direct routings, which is a big part of our 27% day faster situation. So that's how we do it as we try to work with our customers and I have to tell you there are a lot of our midsize customers that it is very clear that they are figuring out this e-commerce, what they are doing some very, very smart things and creative things. And I think, in part that's why the market is growing as much as it is. Mike, you and Henry want to amplify that.
Mike Glenn: Well, I just want to add that, I think, it's important to note that peak season is a very highly planned period of time. I mean we literally will start working with customers in late January, preparing for next peak season. The second point is we’re not going to over commit to traffic levels that we can't handle in our network. In other words, we understand what the capacity is on a given day and our operating companies do a tremendous job flexing up capacity. But as we've noted many times on this call, we have to cap certain customers to make sure that that we're providing the service that meets the customer expectations. In addition to that, we have a team that essentially is conducting an orchestra for about one month out of the year and they have essentially a control tower that has minute by minute discussions with the operating companies, which are making changes to inputs that we received from our customers, which allowing -- allow us to deploy our resources and adjust the changes in demand both up and down. So as we say in the South this is not our first rodeo and we've been doing this for awhile and I think we have got a pretty good business model here and we've demonstrated that works well in terms of meeting customer expectations.
Henry Maier: Yeah. This is Henry Maier. I'd just like to add to this question a couple things. First of all, Fred mentioned the 33 fully automated hubs we have. The second thing I would add is that we currently operates 49 fully automated satellites as well, which gave us -- which give us enormous flexibility in being able offload volume from hubs to these automated satellites and vice versa. They also provide a bit of a relief if you will for diverting volume away from hubs and being able to sort it and move it direct. The biggest reason why we are successful as we are and at peak, and we see the surges in volume is simply FedEx people. We have the greatest group of people of any company I believe in the world. We add in the yeoman effort of our contracted service providers and the dedication and professionalism, the commitment to quality and just playing innovation to being able to adapt on-the-fly. I can tell you it, for somebody who sits in my chair it's nothing short of an inspirational. And I think that's the secret sauce here which allows us to be able to handle the unpredictability of online sales.
Fred Smith: David Ross asked will the price of oil if it's lower for longer help or hurt Express? You know on the margin, the elasticity will certainly create more Express demand and on the margin it might be a bit more priority versus economy. But the markets for Express and increasingly the door-to-door International Express are built on customer needs and purchases. So if you need a defibrillator for an operation tomorrow at the Cleveland Hospital, you do not want that defibrillator stuck and a package be a truck with a bunch of toys and that is why our Express network is focused on these high-value added type of products and high-value added products are sold around the world in global markets. And finally, what’s really exciting is increasingly they're being sold door-to-door on an e-commerce basis. One customer that has the entire wares of the world for a business or a consumer, and that is going to be a very big market and it's where the Express Intercontinental Network is focused. So on the margin, yes it will have some effect, but not as much. I think as the fact that people use Express and Global Express when they have an urgent need to move something in one to two business days door to door. David Vernon of Bernstein asked, has FedEx detail the cost-benefit opportunities and costs associated with the TNT acquisition? And does the company intend to provide guidance on these items at any point prior to their incorporation and the results what we learn as we go as we have GENCO. I’ll answer the first and ask Alan to comment on the guidance issue. The answer to the first part of the question is of course we have detailed plan. We did an in-depth strategic business case as we do for any potential acquisition, which was studied in great detail. We have a very, very good integration process that’s run through a formal process headed up by Alan and Bob Henning on the financial side and Dave Bronczek and David Cunningham and David Banks, our President of Europe, on their side. And this is a process -- a template that we use on all our acquisitions. The acquisition, of course, was presented to the FedEx Board of Directors and it is in great detail. Now obviously, based on imperfect knowledge and changing economic circumstances as you get in deeper and you understand things, things will change but we’re already far enough into it. Although we are still not able to completely get into details because we don’t have approvals to know that this is going to be just a terrific fit. And we love the team members over there. And I think they love being part of FedEx prospectively. So Alan on the guidance, you want to comment?
Alan Graf: We have a very detailed integration planning going underway right now that I'm very excited about. First of all, they're executing on our outlook strategy. We agree with that. We've been supportive of that. And they have been successful in that regard. Secondarily the integration teams have great details to the extent we’re permitted to talk about, that is on what’s going to happen on day one, what’s going to happen on next 100 days, in year one, two et cetera. I can tell you that the people that we’re working with are terrific. There are many, many opportunities that are equal to or greater than I thought when we build the strategic business case. Having said that, I would also tell you that the integration is going to take some time and is not easy to do. There are tax structural and accounting issues to deal with. There are IT issues, there’s rationalizing the lanes, all the things you can think of. We've got every one of those being worked on. We can't talk to their customers. They can’t talk to ours. We can talk about pricing and of course that’s where some of the big numbers are. But what I'm seeing so far is I’m very pleased with it. As I said day one, we are not going to see big synergies financially until fiscal ‘18. Fiscal ‘17 is going to be a year of getting our hands around some of these very tough issues and making sure that we don't do any harm. The business continuity is there that the customers are taking care of and that we don't miss a beat from service level. So it's not easy but I think the reward is going to be fabulous.
Fred Smith: So let me combine two questions here into one answer because I think this is an important issue. First part of it comes from Allison Landry at Credit Suisse. Have you seen any shift changes in the marketplace with respect to UPS’ acquisition of Coyote in terms of handling the peak season? And on the same line of thinking, David Vernon, as does the transition to the ISP model at ground increase the risk of these larger contracting entities are harder to handle or deal with in essence? Well, a couple of things here. First of all, we already have a truck brokerage, and transportation management unit inside FedEx and have had for quite some sometime. But much more importantly, I think it's a misunderstanding of the FedEx Ground business model because the very reason we have these small businesses providing our highway and pickup and delivery capabilities is that they are very, very close to the market, very close to the to the customers, very close to the understanding of the roads and geographic areas that they serve. So by design, we want small business people who have those characteristics and are very, very entrepreneurial and we do not have many contract service providers that have over 7 to 10 trucks. I mean that would be a very big one. And if you start going beyond that, you lose that tactile entrepreneurial feel. And the thing I love about it and I'm most proud about the ground thing is these are entrepreneurs and they do very well if they're good business people and it's just really fun to watch them. I hated that when we bought RPS, the single route contractor, you watch these young folks and minorities and everything start off and get an area and build themselves a wonderful life. And then because of all of this litigation and the plaintiffs’ attorneys and the state tax people and all that, we've had to move to the point where you have to have a minimal level vehicles and be incorporated. To be that as it may, we still retain the best of both worlds. And in fact, it's probably much more productive based on our experience to have the somewhat larger unit. So for all intention purposes, I will stay with this business model and that's not going to change. So we don't need the same number of purchased transportation tractors and trailers that UPS does. And so I think it was probably smart for them to get Coyote. I'm not sure that it would be smart for FedEx. And Henry wants to jump in here.
Henry Maier: Well, I think it’s -- I would echo everything Fred said. I think it’s important for the folks on the phone to understand that we provide some peak incentives so that both our PND contractors and over-the-road contractors bring on the necessary resources within their business to handle our projected peak volumes. That just gives us unbelievable flexibility particularly when business spikes et cetera. I would add that the way you need to think about them as they are coin-operated. They are entrepreneurs. They respond very well to the opportunity to earn more revenue for their businesses and they step up every single year.
Fred Smith: So in essence, we have a huge truck brokerage capability through our highway contract service providers. They get tractors and are able to put this power on much better in the geographic area than a centralized brokerage system for us. However, again we have a wonderful truck brokerage and transportation management capability for our supply chain customers and to help with purchased transportation where we get it. Let me take one more from the Internet and then we’ll take a few from the telephone. Again this is Allison Landry of Credit Suisse. Have you seen a contraction in domestic B2B? The answer to the question is no.
Operator: And thank you for those email questions. We’ll now take a few questions over the phone line. And we will go to Scott Group from Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey. Thanks. Afternoon guys. So just wanted to follow up on the question earlier about Ground volume growth and maybe little bit about seasonality. So nice acceleration and volume growth to 9% in the second quarter. Is this continuing in the third quarter? I’m just wondering if there's any impact of Cyber Monday which was in 2Q this year and I think in third quarter last year. So, Alan, how does that impact the seasonality of earnings? And I know you made some comments about third quarter, fourth quarter, can you just clarify what your point was there?
Mike Glenn: Well, this is Mike Glenn. And let me say, just reiterate the remarks we made earlier. I mean we’re off to a strong start in our peak season. As Fred said, we picked up over 26 million packages on Monday. We've exceeded our forecast for our peak days in the month of December and what January, February holds, we'll just have to wait and see. We don't forecast volumes for upcoming quarters. But we're very happy with where we are based on the start to peak season.
Fred Smith: We don't forecast them for you. We forecast them internally. Henry and Alan want to way in on this.
Alan Graf: Scott, this is Alan. One of the reasons that I’ve taken up my guidance for you on Ground CapEx is not just the -- by the way, fairly stellar increases in land acquisitions and material handling costs and that's all got to do with e-commerce. That’s also because Grounds going to continue to grow. What we can do and I’m a good Missouri Lutheran, so I can say this, we can’t build the Church for Easter. So part of what we’re doing about yield management and everything else is we've got to get these packages little bit smaller or we’ve got to get paid for the space they’re using. We can’t have a lot of excess capacity lying around the other 11 months of the year and we’re not going to do that. Henry is working his people everyday of the week, we’re open 24x7 for this entire peak season, competitions not doing that and that’s made a big difference for us.
Henry Maier: Scott, this is Henry Maier. I’ll be a little bit more to the point. I’ve been around here for a lot of peaks. This is without a doubt the busiest one I’ve ever seen. And it is been consistent every single day since 11.30 and there's no sign it’s going to led up. So that’s where we are. Our people are stepping up to the task. Our network is doing -- is performing exactly the way it’s designed. If we didn’t have these automated hubs and automated satellites and the great people, I think we’d be much different shape than we are today.
Fred Smith: Let me just state again what I said in my opening remarks here. We think we have very, very good strategic plans and an in-depth knowledge of this market better or at least as good as any entity on the planet. And we have very, very creative concepts to make our assets sweat more and be able to process more packages in all of our networks. And that's why we were so forthright in saying that we expect this to continue absent macro-economic or geopolitical events. And let me say it again, we continue to increase margins, earnings per share, cash flows and returns on invested capital, and we are confident these basic trend should continue well into the future, barring major events or macro-economic factors. Now having said that, I know it's very important for all you folks on the call, sometimes we are off 1% or 2% in the quarter. This is a big, big enterprise. We can pick up, transport and deliver to virtually any address in one to two business days to 90 some odd percent of the global population. That takes incredible networks. Henry Maier's network at Ground has 550 facilities. David Bronczek has 600 FedEx Express stations, which are very different in the way they're designed that just in the U.S. They're very different in the way they’re designed because they're designed to interface with airplanes, not with 28 or hopefully someday 33-foot hub. Mike Ducker’s FedEx Freight is very different and as I told you, these automated hubs that Henry is operating are some of the most incredible facilities ever put on the planet. So this is a very big complex business with an enormous amount of value add. And so we can’t get it within 1% or 2% sometimes, but directionally, we’re very confident that we will continue to achieve those things that I just said, increasing margins, earnings and cash flow and ROIC.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now go to Alex Vecchio from Morgan Stanley.
Alex Vecchio: Good evening and thanks for taking the question. This might be best suited for Chris. Can you just provide just a little bit more color and background on the independent contractor litigation cost at Ground in the quarter, the extent to which we might see litigation expenses going forward related to any lawsuit outstanding. And maybe the overall defense ability of the independent contractor model that you employ. I realize you guys have made some changes there with respect to requesting that the contractors incorporate. But maybe we can just get a recap of the model and the litigation expenses this quarter? Thank you.
Chris Richards: Yes. Alex, I'll try to give you some insight on this. First of all, all of the litigation involved the Ground contractor model that was being operated in the early 2000. And we have made significant changes as you know, both requiring incorporation but also requiring that every contractor treat all of their folks as employees and they provide a complete compliant program including workers compensation, unemployment compensation and all the other matters that are required by the various states to ensure that the folks are comfortable. But these are in fact, independent businesses running under their own direction and guidance. We have had some litigation that has not been as positive for us, particularly out in the Ninth Circuit. For those of you, who are familiar with the Ninth Circuit, it is a very tough Circuit for business operation. They tend to be very difficult in their analysis of what constitutes an employee. And so we have had some settlements from cases where we had adverse decisions in the Ninth Circuit. That being said, we have had positive decisions in the First Circuit and in some other Circuits and we still have the bulk of the cases being held at the Seventh Circuit where we are awaiting a briefing and hearing schedule. We do opportunistically settled these lawsuits if we get in a situation where we can do that to resolve the issues and move things forward. You need to keep in mind that in most of these instances, the bulk of the people who are involved in this litigation have moved on and are not contractors any more. So this is really in our rearview mirror and while it's my job to make sure we get through it on a satisfactory basis, we are extremely confident in our independent service provider model and are all incorporated model that we are operating today.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Brandon Oglenski from Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Yeah. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on good results in a very difficult economy. So Fred or Mike, I think for an analyst, it’s been covered in for a long time. If we knew where ISM is going to be, an IP be negative, we would have thought a lot of earnings contraction here for the company because you just historically had a lot of exposure to the industrial economy. So what do you think has decoupled here that’s allowing you actually to get close to 20% growth if you hit the guidance this year? And what otherwise is a very slow growth or even contracting industrial macro backdrop?
Alan Graf: Hey, Brandon. This is Alan. We’ve been working for a very long period of time with profit improvement program and all the things that are involved in that are preparing for the very situation that we’re in. We have significantly reduced our capacity but it's significantly more fuel and maintenance pilot efficient and more reliable and we have a network that’s running pretty tight. Having said that, we’ve got a lot of growth for IP to continue to grow and move lower yielding products off that backbone network that we flying internationally. Productivity that we’re seeing in the field with our technology and automation improvements at Express are yielding tremendous thing. I mean, its essentially we’re doing exactly what we told you we were going to do in October 2012 and we’re learning as we go. And we’ve got a lot more room to do that. I’m going to pass it over to Dave Bronczek.
Dave Bronczek: Yeah. This is Dave. Alan’s right. I mean and if you remember what I said at the beginning, we structured our network to flex up and to flex down. And we would win on either side of that equation. And quite frankly, we’re not flexing down much anymore because the economy is pretty robust for us. International economy is growing and IP is still 72% or more of my all up revenue for international. So it's significant, its high yield. So when we actually can flex up or down when we win, we're in a really good spot, so that’s international network, couple that with the U.S. network and the Asia to the U.S. and U.S. back that's why you're seeing such high margins and profits from Express.
Mike Glenn: Bear in mind also we have a huge outbound market share and Express for the United States. So the dollar exchange ratio means that our outbound is affected much more than our inbound. And I think Dave mentioned earlier our European to the U.S. traffic is substantially up and our Asia to the U.S. traffic is it's short of flattish but it's not declining. And the real pony in here again is e-commerce and you're starting to see these patterns where people are shipping individual items door-to-door because they can now with the software that we're putting out there and others, they can see what the landed cost is and what the duties and taxes are. So it’s a sea change. It’s the same thing that's driving e-commerce in United States but is more industrial because their business products in domain and to some degree individual consumer B2C as well. There is international question about FedEx Trade Networks. It's an integral part of the Express segment. The quest is to comment on them. Only forwarding industry, I don't think it's appropriate for us to do that but it’s an integral part of the value proposition that Dave offers and the Express system is essentially focused on door-to-door express. There are some freight that moves through that network. We’re capable of flying extra sections of customers needed, particularly at peak and then FTN handles the cargo, the freight and heavy consolidation. So our FTN network which we built from scratch is a perfect complement for our customers to our Express network.
Operator: And we’ll now go to Kevin Sterling from BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling: Thank you. Good evening. Alan, in your prepared remarks, you briefly mentioned a Monday residential trial run. You are trying in certain cities. Could you expand on that a little bit? What exactly you guys are doing there, kind of, some of the successes you’re having and I’d imagine, it’s trying to increase stop density if you will. So maybe you can expand on that trial run little bit with Monday residential deliveries?
Fred Smith: Yeah. This is Smith here. Let me turn it over to Henry because he can give you some detail and Alan wanted Henry to answer this. But our home delivery network was set up to deliver Tuesday through Saturday and remembers a few minutes ago, about we have lots of concepts based on the growth of e-commerce, how to make our assets sweat more, how do we move more traffic, deliver more traffic with the same assets. So Henry has begun to deliver six days a week, not just five days a week. Now B2B has always been different than the B2C. So why don’t you give some color around that, Henry?
Henry Maier: Yeah. Since its inception, FedEx home delivery delivered Tuesday through Saturday, which means we've essentially deliver Monday’s volume the previous Saturday. And with the advent of e-commerce, I mean, it’s a 24x7 market, you can buy things online from your phone anytime at the day or night. The way we are able to flex up our capacity at peak every year as we essentially operate a Monday through Saturday network and we run hubs on Sundays so that we can advance -- we can pick up volume into the network, so that we can smooth the huge peaks and valleys during peak throughout the six days of the week. It's occurred to us some number of years ago that why don't we just operate that way year round. With e-commerce, Monday is tends to be fairly heavy pickup days anyhow. Why not begin working that volume on the weekend rather than on Monday. Deliver the volume on Monday and then operate the network six days a week year round. The benefits of that are obvious. The first is, is that on residential service side, we essentially advanced roughly 20% of the volume in the network by whole day, so the customer gets to the day sooner than they would have been. The other thing is it gives us the ability to smooth the volume, which means that we can operate our fixed network more efficiently throughout the week and by smoothen the capacity we frankly don't need as much of it as we had in years past. And we’ve tried we -- as Fred and Alan mentioned here, we've had a pilot running since roughly May of this year. I would say it’s a success. We are currently studying where we roll it out next.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter from Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter: Hey. Good evening. Just a quickly on the other operating loss, it increased $212 million? Can you kind of delve into what scale that up?
Alan Graf: Well, it had a pension credit unit from mark-to-market accounting really in our K and if you want lot more detail, we will be happy to take that offline.
Mickey Foster: Okay. That’s the end of the call. Thank you for participating in FedEx Corporation second quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today’s presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-09-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Vice President of Investor Relations Fred Smith – Chairman  Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and CFO Mike Glenn - President and CEO of FedEx Services Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO David Bronczek - President and CEO of FedEx Express Henry Maier - President and CEO of FedEx Ground Mike Ducker - President and CEO of FedEx Freight
Analysts: Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Rob Salmon - Deutsche Bank Chris Wetherbee - Citi Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs Nate Brochmann - William Blair Helane Becker - Cowen and Company Scott Group - Wolfe Research Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Tom Wadewitz - UBS Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners Brandon Oglenski - Barclays
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mr. Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for the FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. The first quarter earnings release and our 26 page stat book are on our website at FedEx.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. We would like to invite questions via email or as a message on stocktwits.com. For e-mail, please indicate your full name and contact information with your question and send it to our ir@fedex.com address. To send a question via stocktwits.com, please be sure to include $FDX in the message. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO, he is joining us via telephone today; David Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Good morning and welcome to our discussion of results for the first quarter of fiscal 2016. FedEx Corporation is performing solidly given somewhat weaker than expected global economic conditions, especially in manufacturing and global trade. Our profit improvement plan is on track and delivering impressive results. Well done to the Express Team. FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight have several anomalies in the first quarter, which will be discussed by Alan Graf and the OpCo CEOs during their presentation. Overall, FedEx service levels are excellent, our culture remains strong, and our balance sheet is solid. We remain confident FedEx is well-positioned to deliver long-term value for customers, shareowners, and team members in FY ‘16 and beyond. As we said in the past and reiterate today, we are confident we can continue to increase margins, earnings per share, cash flow, and returns on invested capital in the years to come. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Mike Glenn, who will talk about the economic outlook, and he'll be followed by Alan Graf in his comments on the quarter.
Mike Glenn: Thanks Fred. I'll open with our economic outlook and then discuss our yield in each segment along with the pricing actions that we announced yesterday. We see moderate economic growth in the global economy. Our U.S. GDP forecast is 2.5% for calendar ‘15 and 2.8% for calendar ‘16 led by gains in consumer spending in the near-term. We expect industrial production growth of 1.6% in calendar ‘15 and 2.6% next year. Our global GDP growth forecast is 2.5% for calendar ‘15 and 2.9% for calendar ‘16. The IP forecast of 1.6% of calendar ‘15 is 60 basis points below our June estimate. Weather, foreclosures, lower oil CapEx, and weak export from the strong dollar slowed production early in the year. Due to the strong imports, we saw and inventory buildup in the first half of calendar ’15, which will be a drag on IP in the near-term. Now let me make a couple of comments on the company's yield performance in each segment. In the domestic Express sector, excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year yield per package grew 2.4% primarily due to rates and discounts. Excluding the impact of fuel and comparing the year-over-year yield on a gross basis for SmartPost, ground yield per package including SmartPost increased 5.5% driven primarily by changes in dimensional weight rating, extra services, and SmartPost customer mix. In the international export segment, excluding fuel, international export express package yield decreased 1.3%, primarily driven by the negative impact of exchange rates, which outweighed the positive impact of weight, rate, and discount changes. If you exclude fuel and exchange rate impact, IP base yield was up 4% and IE yield was up 4%. In the Freight segment, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per shipment increased 3.3% year-over-year, primarily driven by rate and discount and shipment class. As we announced yesterday, we’ll be raising rates at FedEx Express, Ground, and Freight by an average of 4.9% on January 4, 2016. In addition to the rate changes, FedEx is also increasing surcharges for unauthorized packages in the FedEx Ground network that exceed the size and weight limits as outlined in the FedEx service guide, and we’re also updating certain fuel surcharge tables at FedEx Express and Ground effective November 2, 2015. We’re also well-prepared for what we expect to be another record peak holiday season, and I'll note that we’re not slowing or adjusting our service commitments heading into peak. We’ve been closely working with our customers all year to understand their peak shipping needs and we stand ready to deliver. We expect to add more than 55,000 seasonal positions throughout the network that help the holidays arrive this year. Based upon our growth expectations and network expansion, many of these seasonal workers will have an opportunity to continue working with us after the holidays. And now I’ll turn it over to Alan Graf.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Our first quarter EPS was $2.42 compared to an adjusted $2.12 last year, and we achieved a 9.3% operating margin. Our results increased due to significantly higher operating income at Express, star of our portfolio, the benefit of one additional operating day at all of our transportation segments, and the continued positive impacts from our profit improvement program. These factors were partially offset by higher incentive compensation accruals, higher self-insurance and operating costs at Ground, and lower than anticipated volumes at Freight. The corporate net impact of fuel was also slightly negative year-over-year. Looking at Express, revenues declined 4% in the first quarter due to the negative impact of lower fuel surcharges and unfavorable currency exchange rates, partially offset by U.S. domestic base yield and volume growth and international export base yield growth. U.S. domestic average daily volumes increased 1% as both our deferred and overnight services offerings grew. International Priority volume declined 5% while International Economy grew 4%. Despite the lower revenues, Express operating income increased 45% and operating margin grew 280 basis points year-over-year. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by higher international export in U.S. domestic base yield growth, the benefit from one additional operating day, and lower international expenses due to currency exchange rates. Our profit improvement initiatives for revenue quality and expense constraints are working and are on track. Taking a quick look at TNT, the cost related to the pending acquisition of TNT Express were immaterial for the quarter. We are making timely progress on the necessary regulatory steps required. We have started the planning for the integration of TNT and Express after completion of the acquisition. This planning includes addressing the issues that must be ready for day one implementation such as financial reporting, treasury, compliance, and governance as well as the planning for the longer-term aspects of the integration. Our integration plans currently assume that the acquisition will close in the first half of calendar 2016. Turning to Ground. Revenues increased 29%. Due to the inclusion of GENCO revenue, ground yield and volume growth, and also the recording of SmartPost revenues on a gross basis versus the previous net treatment. Regarding the June 1 change in how we report SmartPost revenue, $240 million of the revenue increase year-over-year resulted from reporting SmartPost on a gross basis. Average daily volume increased 4%, primarily due to continued growth in our Home Delivery service. Ground’s first quarter operating margin was 4.4 percentage points lower, primarily due to increased self-insurance reserves, which was 1.7% impact, the inclusion of GENCO results, which is a 1.3% impact, and the change in SmartPost revenue reporting , which is a 1.1% impact. Most of these are one-time in nature, although the inclusion of GENCO results will remain for the next 18 to 24 months depressed due to integration cost. Looking at Freight, operating results declined in the first quarter as salaries and employee benefits expense outpaced lower than anticipated volume. Salaries and employee benefits increased 10% from pay initiatives and increase staffing levels to handle higher than realized shipments. Looking at CapEx, our spending forecast for the fiscal year remains $4.6 billion. Capital expenditures were higher year-over-year this quarter primarily due to increased spending to modernize aircraft at Express. Aircraft-related equipment purchases included delivery of five Boeing 767-300 Freighters and one Boeing 777 Freighter. We are continuing to invest in our Ground facilities more this year than last as we expand the network. And this will be our peak year for investment at Ground for the next several years. At Freight, we are modernizing our truck fleet, adding new vehicles with many new safety features. Now turning to our Outlook, based on economic environment that Mike talked about, we project adjusted earnings to be $10.40 to $10.90 per diluted share for FY ‘16 before year-end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustments, driven by continued improvement in base pricing, volume growth and benefits from our profit improvement program. I should note although we are trimming our outlook from June slightly, we still are looking at the midpoint of the range being 19% higher than what we achieved last year in terms of earnings per share. Our new FY ‘16 Outlook is modestly lower than our initial forecast due primarily to higher than expected self-insurance reserves and operating costs at FedEx Ground and lower than planned volumes in yields at Freight. We still expect strong earnings growth this year and we remain focused on executing our profit improvement program, leveraging e-commerce growth and enhancing our revenue quality. Our expectations for earnings growth in the second quarter and the remainder of FY ‘16 are dependent on key external factors, including fuel prices and the pace of growth in the global economy, particularly in U.S. industrial production as Mike discussed. This outlook does not include any operating results nor integration planning and acquisition -- acquisition-related expenses for TNT Express for quarters two through four. As of August 31, 2015, we have 11.1 million shares remaining for repurchase under our current authorization. And we plan to continue buying back shares. This point I'm going to turn the program over to Dave Bronczek, who has the first question from Art Hatfield.
David Bronczek: Thanks Alan. And this question is from Art Hatfield, Raymond James. With all the discussion of our perceived or real slowdown in China for some time now and recent news from the Chinese Finance Minister that the new normal of 7% GDP growth may last four to five years. I was hoping to get your thoughts on your Trans-Pacific Express capacity going forward after last reducing flight frequency by two back in late fiscal 2013? Thanks for the question, Art. Actually our lanes are balanced around the world and including the Pacific and I think your question if you can go back and look at several quarters ago, we've actually adjusted our network two quarters ago on the Pacific. So it actually wasn't the last time we did in 2013. So right now we are very pleased with our capacity fits for the volumes in the Asia Pacific network and around the world. A lot of the traffic that we are handling now in FTN is also benefiting at FedEx Express in our profit improvement. So to answer your question, we’re very happy with our balanced lanes and course, for FedEx Express, a lot of our business coming out of China are multinational companies in the main.
Mike Glenn: At this time, we will open the floor for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll go first today to Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. On the LTL side, I wanted to get your initial impressions of the recent M&A activity that we've seen and whether you see further consolidation or change in industry dynamics?
Mike Glenn: Thanks Allison. Just based on the recent activity, I would say that the market is right for that, but Con-way just was acquired by XPO. We understand what it takes to integrate a rather large acquisition like that, so we have to stay focused on our strategy and execute what we're doing, that's exactly what we’ll do.
Operator: We’ll go next to Rob Salmon with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Salmon: Thanks for taking the question and congrats at the strong results over at Express. If I could shift the discussion a little bit to Ground here, understood the impact on the self-insurance reserve. It sounded like, Alan, that was about 170 basis points. With regard to the margins, you'd also called out in the press release some headwinds related to handling some kind of oversized traffic in the network. Can you give us a sense of how big a headwind that was and how quickly you expect to be able to kind of offset that the higher costs associated with that traffic either through the announcement yesterday about the increases there, and perhaps an update related to any costs incurred for the integration of SmartPost into the Ground as part of the planning to potentially increase economic profit looking forward?
Mike Glenn: Rob, I’ll start, this is Mike Glenn. I’ll start with talking about oversized and unauthorized packaging. The change that we announced yesterday targeted specifically unauthorized packages, and those are packages where the dimensions and/or weight exceed those as specified in the FedEx service guide. If you would look at one of these packages, you would more likely to expect it to travel in an LTL network. It is up to FedEx Ground as to whether we accept these packages, but we felt the change was needed in the price or the surcharge if we elected to do so. The second category is oversized packages, and those are packages that have specifications that are within our current service guide features of service, but happen to be longer or heavier than a typical package. Those carry a separate surcharge with the dramatic shift in e-commerce, where more and more e-commerce companies are electing to ship those packages through networks like ours rather than handle them in the store. We’ve seen an increase in those types of packages. We are working with those individual customers that are driving that change, at least the ones that are having the biggest impact and obviously, we always look at pricing opportunities to mitigate that where needed. So overall, we do an excellent job of handling those packages in our network, but it’s obviously something we will continue to monitor.
Henry Maier: Hey, Rob, this is Henry Maier. Thanks for the question. We announced on the last call that we are merging SmartPost into Ground. I would remind everybody that that’s a multi-year initiative that offers a number of potential services and savings benefits. From a service perspective, we will be able to maximize the use of both Ground and SmartPost facilities to ensure carrier service year around, especially during peak. And additionally, the integrated network will enable more efficient use of our network and linehaul assets throughout the year. We also announced the change to the introduction of a new software program, which will allow us to combine packages in the SmartPost and home delivery networks destined to the same residential address on the same day. That makes a significant difference in our operating expense going forward, because the operating expense of that incremental package is significantly less than putting it into the postal network. So, we are well down the path of implementing this, but it’s going to take a couple of years to integrate all the SmartPost hubs with Ground.
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey. Thanks. Good morning. I had two questions on the Ground side. In terms of the self-insurance approvals, how should we think about sort of that lasting as we move throughout fiscal 2016, I guess? So the question is when does it start to roll off and you start to see the sort of margin performance come through underneath that? And then just also on GENCO, trying to understand, the 18 to 24 months is sort of an integration. It seems a bit longer that I think the last time we talked about this. Just want to get a rough sense, will we see benefit to GENCO as we go through the peak season this year, or is it something we need to wait until fiscal ’17 to see some benefit from it? Thanks.
Mike Glenn: Thanks, Chris. Well, first of all, on the self-insurance reserve, we believe where we need to be right now. I think you have to understand on here that one of the drivers of that is our business is growing. We drive more miles. We put more trucks on the road, and there is an accrual based on the number of miles we drive. It’s also largely a backward looking event from an accounting standpoint. In terms of GENCO, I would say GENCO has exceeded our expectations today. We are well on track to get the integration implemented as quickly as possible. There are a number of benefits that come with the GENCO acquisition, namely the ability to sell additional value to customers. GENCO provides us with some capabilities that customers value highly and frankly, FedEx doesn’t provide, so going through time that will certainly pay dividends. As Alan said, we expect this to be pretty much concluded by the end of 18 months. I don’t know what more color I can give you than that.
Alan Graf: Hey, Chris. This is Alan. Let me add a little bit to that. First of all, as you well know, the GENCO business itself is very good but it is not a high-teens operating margin business. For just by definition that’s going to lower Ground segment’s operating margin even after integration. That’s number one. And for us, we intend to grow. It’s performing much better than I had anticipated. We are very proud of it, of what’s happening. We are getting a lot of cross-selling already, taking over a lot of the transportation that we didn’t used to have from them. So it’s very beneficial but again, it doesn’t have the same margins as the high-teens the Ground has.
Operator: We will take our next question from Tom Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Tom Kim: Thanks very much for your time. I wanted to ask just a follow-on with regard to that SmartPost Ground merger. I don’t recall hearing any such cost number. Will this merger actually impact costs and can you sort of quantify that to a certain extent for us?
Mike Glenn: Yeah, Tom. The costs are going to be significantly lower. This was why we did it. I’m not willing to put a range around that on this call. But as you can imagine, if we combine a SmartPost package with a home delivery package on the same day and deliver them on one vehicle instead of one being delivered on a HV vehicle and the other being delivered through the postal service, there is fairly significant operating expense savings to that. In addition, the ability to maximize the use of SmartPost assets and Ground assets, particularly at peak provide us with significant opportunities to reduce our operating expense going forward.
Operator: We will take our next question from Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nate Brochmann: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. In regards to peak and the opportunities, you said that’s kind of shaping up well and obviously the manufacturing and industrial side of the economy feels little bit weak. The consumer side feels little bit stronger. Can you provide a little bit more color in terms of some of your customer discussions, heading into peak in terms of giving you the confidence of how that’s shaping up better in terms of having another record?
Mike Glenn: Well, the best indicator I can give you -- this is Mike Glenn. The best indicator I can give you is the challenges that we have with capacity management. We are working very closely with customers to make sure we understand their forecast, where necessary we will have to put some caps in place as we have to do every year and we see nothing different in that regard and customers are requesting more capacity not less. So, we view that as a good sign and that’s why we think we are well positioned for another record peak.
Operator: We will take our next question from Helane Becker with Cowen and Company.
Helane Becker: Thanks very much, operator. Hi guys and thank you for the time. To Alan, I just wanted to ask you about the pilot contract if you don’t mind. Looks like it’s ratified a 10% increase this year and then through the year increasing, so that by 2020, it’s a 17% increase over ’15 rates. So an A and B, one, when do we hear from the pilots that whether it’s ratified into, are these cost increases included in your current guidance and three, does it address the Cadillac health plan costs that come into effect in 2017? Thanks. I guess just one question.
Alan Graf: It’s all related, Helane. We will take it. I will do the first part and I will give over to Chris Richards for part 2 and if Dave wants to add that’s fine. We think it’s a win-win contract. It is in our outlook for not just this year but our strategic outlook that we always present to our Board in the fall where we, as you know are expecting to continue to grow our earnings, our cash flows and our returns. Nothing’s changed in that regard. Also, recall that one of the key things that we are doing in Express is modernizing our fleet and the productivity that we get from that modernization is one of the key reasons that despite a significantly different economic outlook today, then when we talked about our profit improvement plan in October of 2012, we saw Express’s results. An incredible increase in earnings with a decline in revenue, that’s only possible because of our cost management. And with that, let me turn it over to Chris on the specifics and then Dave.
David Bronczek: I will go ahead and comment real quickly because Alan’s right. In our outlook going forward, the pilot contract which we think is fair and balanced and very positive for the pilots, their families, for the company, the shareholders. But it’s very much inclusive of our results in our profit improvement now and going forward and of course the new fleet helps significantly as well. Chris?
Chris Richards: Hello, Helane. It’s Chris Richards. As you think about the pay increases included in the contract, you need to keep in mind that our pilots have not had a pay increase since the agreement became amendable two years ago. So that time period is included in this overall increase, as well as the six year term of the agreement once it’s ratified. So that total number needs to be considered in the context of that timeframe. With respect to the healthcare benefits that are provided in the agreement, we’ve been very pleased that we were able to offer our pilots not only a continuation of our healthcare plan they’ve had in place but two consumer-driven healthcare options, which are identical to those which are provided to our other employees and have been found to be very attractive to those employees at a lower out of pocket rate on a monthly basis than a high care option. So, we are pleased and expect to see the pilots take advantage of those plans. On your question with respect to Cadillac tax, the agreement does specifically provide for a process, should the Cadillac tax become of impact during the term of this agreement. It does not provide that the company will pay some particular portion of that, but has a process that will be used between the company and the union, should that come into play at the appropriate time. Given the uncertainty in sort of approach on the Cadillac tax nationwide, I have to tell you I expect there to be a lot of conversations and a lot of discussion about what’s actually going to happen before the tax goes into effect in 2018. And this agreement specifically allows the flexibility for FedEx and the pilots to take advantage of whatever benefits might come from those larger national discussions.
Operator: We will go next to Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey, thanks. Good morning guys. So I wanted to ask another one on Ground. I understand there is noise in the quarter. But if I take a step back, we’re not seeing the same kind of market share growth the past couple quarters that we saw for a long time. And now, again, I understand some one-time stuff, but the margins are not what people were hoping for. I want to understand if something has changed here from -- has the competitive environment changed with either UPS or the Post Office or just the nature of the business with e-commerce? Is that changing kind of the margin profile of Ground? And do we need to reset expectations here? Or maybe do you think that that’s all right, and we should get back to margin expansion and real earnings growth at Ground next quarter or near term?
Mike Glenn: Scott, this is Mike Glenn. I will start and then I will turn it over to Henry. Regarding growth, I think overall we’re generally pleased with the growth at FedEx Ground. It’s essentially in line with our expectations. We have seen a bit of a shift in terms of the type of growth with more growth being driven by e-commerce. I should point out that the industrial production forecast that I noted earlier as well as the manufacturing indexes that have been published, obviously those are not great signals for the commercial side of Ground and Ground is impacted by those numbers. So that’s a contributor. And we’ve also seen stronger growth coming from e-commerce. So we’ve seen a bit of a mix shift. But overall, growth I would say is essentially in line with our expectations.
Henry Maier: Scott, let me address margins. And let me also acknowledge upfront that with all the moving parts at Ground over the last couple quarters, we haven’t exactly made it very easy for your folks to do what you have to do. So let me reinforce a couple things. First of all, our business is changing rapidly. E-commerce is clearly changing the dynamics of the industry. And it’s driving credible growth. That’s a good thing. I think we’re best positioned to benefit from an e-commerce economy. We make decisions at this company for the long term. We don’t make them for the week. We don’t make them for the month. We don’t make them for the quarter. And in some cases, we don’t even make them for the year. But we look for long-term profitable sustainable growth. And I believe we are focused on all the right things for today and the future. I think some of the noise we are seeing in here is a number of one-time events, but there are also costs in here that are reflective of higher employee expenses, expenses year-over-year mainly driven by higher annual incentive comp accruals. There are also higher operating expenses that are driven by the network expansion we’ve been going through the last couple years, mainly in the form of higher rents and depreciation. In terms of ad, that’s a fixed cost. Those should level out through time as these new facilities come online and we bring the volume on and fill them. But I will tell you that nobody is more confident about the future of FedEx Ground than I am. I believe that we will continue to gain market share to grow profitably and provide the fastest and most reliable service in the industry. And our management team at Ground is committed to high-teens margins. We just have to get through some of these changes we’ve made and we’ve made some significant ones. But I’m confident we have a plan to do that.
Operator: We will go next to Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie.
Kelly Dougherty: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I think FedEx is off the thought of as a global economic bellwether, but the majority of the revenue and operating income really does get generated domestically with a lot of that tied to the consumer. So just hoping maybe you can give us your thoughts just on consumer consumption as it relates to peak and beyond and how much of the business is really consumer versus industrial dependent perhaps by segment? And then on the international side, maybe some breakdown you can give us about the Asia and maybe China exposure, because I think that’s a lot less than some people might think?
Mike Glenn: Kelly, this is Michael. And I will start talking about the consumer impact and then I will turn it over to Dave Bronczek to talk about China. I would first say that while e-commerce and specifically consumer-related transactions get to headlines these days, the bulk of our business is still business-to-business related on a global basis. Residential deliveries certainly are increasing and are being driven in large part by e-commerce. They now -- residential traffic now represents about half of the volume and the network in the U.S. That’s skewed a bit by SmartPost, which is essentially all residential deliveries. So you kind of have to back that out and the numbers in the Express and Ground network are somewhat lower than that. But again e-commerce is a growth driver, but the bulk of our business both in the U.S. and around the world is still business-to-business. And I think it’s important to remember that. Now I turn it over to Dave.
David Bronczek: That’s right, Mike. And Kelly, you are right, it is business-to-business for us. China is a big marketplace for us, but its multinational companies around the world and they are big account, big multinational companies. So the impact for us is not very great, you are right. And that’s why our yields actually went up across the board and actually for all of international. So thanks for the question, Kelly.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter: Great. Good morning. Just looking at your commentary on the LTL slowdown, how much worse do you see this market? Do you presume this is spreading to other parts of the business? I guess I am asking do you see this as a leading or lagging part of the economy and within your business and then also talk to your profit weakness at Freight if this was company specific or the industry.
Mike Glenn: Well, this is Mike Glenn again. I will start out talking about the LTL and then I will let Mike Ducker have any comments that he might want to add. I think it’s important to note that the LTL industry is very closely tied to industrial production. So when you see a 60 basis point drop in our industrial production forecast, it’s not surprising that we would see an impact on volumes. And I would say not only FedEx, but the industry as a whole. I certainly hope we’ve kind of seen the worst of that and that we’re looking certainly forward at a more positive outlook. I think we’ve baked in what we’ve seen. So I think that’s a positive. I would also say in terms of it creeping into other segments of the business, it certainly had some impact on commercial Ground as I noted in response to the last question. So those are the two areas that I think have been most impacted by the lower industrial production forecast and the manufacturing numbers that we’ve referenced today. We are quite confident going forward in our ability to achieve our goals at FedEx Freight. Our sales team is working very closely with the operations folks down at the local level and we have seen strong volume growth in FedEx Freight in key segments like small and midsize businesses. It’s also important to note that some of the softness in the FedEx Freight segment was due to some pricing decisions that we made in headhaul lanes to balance the network. So some of this I would say is self-induced and we did it for the right reasons, and some of this is obviously the IP forecast and related issues. So again, we are confident where we sit today and our ability to deliver results going forward.
Fred Smith: We have three questions from the internet. We will start with Henry.
Henry Maier: Yes. This question is from Rick Paterson at Topeka Capital Markets. How should we interpret your comment that Ground investment will peak this year and then subside in context to volumes? Do you expect volume growth at Ground to further decelerate or stagnant going forward? Well, my comment about peak investment or CapEx peaking this year really has nothing to do with volume and has everything to do with the fact that we made some decisions in the 2009-2010 period with respect to adding capacity in a very bad economy that put us in a position where we actually got a little bit behind on capacity with the growth in e-commerce. We have three major hub projects that will come online in FY'16, which is driving much of the peak in CapEx. And I remind everybody on the call that 100% of our hubs are highly automated. And we are moving to a network footprint where more and more of our stations are fully automated too. So this year, I’d call it sort of laughingly this is the pig in the python here in terms of these projects, because it is almost unprecedented that we will bring three major hubs online in the same year. In addition to that, we have a big pretty project list around automated stations. For the benefit of the folks on the call, we get some significant advantages out of automated stations. We are able to load more points direct and bypass hubs, less handlings occur but when less handlings occur, obviously the lower incidence of loss or damage. We reduced linehaul expense because we’re going point-to-point as opposed to going to a hub and rehandling and reloading those packages. And we’re going to be pretty close to 10% of the network stations being automated by the end of FY ‘16. So, my comment about CapEx dropping 30% to 35% is more a recognition that after this year, we will be in a more normal capital expenditure pattern. We will be ahead of the curve with respect to having network capacity to meet our planned growth. And we think going forward, we’re in a pretty good place in terms of having our CapEx be a little bit more predictable.
David Bronczek: Okay. This is Dave Bronczek. Question came from Ben Hartford, Baird. To what degree, have you already had to take incremental cost reductions during FY ‘16 to address the economic uncertainty in Asia and other emerging markets in recent months to ensure the Express profit improvement program remains on track? It’s a great question. Our network around the world are base powerful network we have in place is balanced around the world. We adjusted our networks several quarters ago. So right now, we have a very flexible network that when the volumes go up, we can add cost. When the volumes go down, we take out cost, which is why we've done so well in our profit improvement program. And a lot of the improvement has come from our international part of the business for exactly that reason so we’re balanced. We've made these adjustments quarters ago in anticipation of this and so we’re in good shape.
Mike Glenn: Yes. The question from Ben Hartford at Baird, given the softer U.S. industrial production environment, do you think a 10% plus freight margin is attainable on a full year basis? If so, what is the pathway to such a target? Yes, Ben, we believe that a 10 plus percent freight margin is attainable on a full year basis. As has been said in the press release and some comments as one, there were several issues in the quarter. First, we staff for a certain volume levels and those volumes were less than expected and what has typically being a pretty busy quarter. So staff size too large for volume. We were impacted by two other areas on the volume side. Some of the heavier shipments, which migrated from truckload to LTL, when capacity tightened as the consequence of the West Coast port strike, have migrated back to truckload. There is still tight capacity in the LTL sector. And then energy, the energy sector, many of our shippers in that sector have experienced traffic declines. We had several one-time events that affected our quarter that should not be repeated. And we see the pricing environment and the overall market environment still rational.
Alan Graf: I don’t want you to interpret that as 10% is our goal at freight. That is the absolute minimum bottom of the range. We should have freight margins in the teens.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thank you and good morning. Going back to few questions ago, you were addressing, obviously at the lower economic out, the forecast of IT domestically. Specifically to the Ground segment, could you address how B2B trended throughout the quarter? And if it -- in fact your tempering of the guidance range for the year, is can be attributed beyond say, LTL to the industrial portion of commercial ground interaction on a go-forward basis here in the year? Thanks.
Mike Ducker: Scott, this is Mike. As you know, we report Ground as the segment. So, I’m not going to get into talking about specific growth rates and SmartPost versus home versus commercial. But I will go back and say that industrial production and manufacturing numbers have had an impact on commercial ground traffic. So it’s a little below where we had hope for, but overall traffic levels are fairly consistent with our expectations.
Fred Smith: And this is Fred Smith. Let me just make one comment here. It seems to me that people were sort of missing about the lower guidance. Had we not had the self-insurance reserve increase, we wouldn’t have adjusted the guidance down by 2% and we would have quote ‘beat the quarter’, because we don’t make quarterly estimates, you folks do. So the whole thing about the quarter is one issue and so self-insurance reserve. All the rest of the stuff is just noise and various issues when inside the operating company, so it's important that you focus on that one issue.
Operator: We’ll go next to Tom Wadewitz with UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Great. Thank you for the question. You’ve been asked a lot about the Ground margin so. But it seems to me like that’s pretty important topic for the call today. I know you had the self insurance and Fred, you just said that that’s unusual but it’s the second quarter in a row that being unusual and I don't -- I mean I guess you're confident that it won't be a third. What about contractor issues? There is a lot of noise about contractors these days. The labor market has tightened somewhat, so potentially maybe your contractor costs were up. Or it’s just -- are there other factors in the broader cost drivers for Ground that we ought to be considering in view of the effective Ground margin. And I guess related to that, when do you think we’ll really see Ground operating income grow again because it’s an uncharacteristic fashion. We just haven’t seen strong Ground operating income growth for a while.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. Alan answered the first part of your question and Henry answered the second part of the question. So, we’re not going to go over the Ground again.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Donald Broughton with Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I was hoping -- you discussed the balance of volume in the IP lanes. I know that with the decline in IP, you're seeing, I’m guessing with the decline of IP, you’re seeing the balance of volume and the trends of landing a Trans-Pacific deteriorate. If that's true, or is it improving, given the strength of dollar, if that’s true, how much is the underlying improvement in Express margins being understated as a result?
Mike Glenn: Well, the answer to your question is the Trans-Pacific lanes are balanced. Our Transatlantic, actually, we’re getting a lot more traffic out of Europe because of the currency more than we have anticipated and quite frankly that’s actually been positive for us. So, I think around the world, Donald that we are in very good shape. We have a very flexible network now. We've moved the right traffic into the right networks. FTN’s doing a great job for us as well and some of our other partner, so around the world you're probably right. We have a lot of upside to the Express profitability in the international part of the world.
Alan Graf: Donald, this is Alan. As you know, our InterContinental business is about far our most profitable. We've always had issues in Europe. We’re solving that with the TNT Express acquisition. So, we’re pretty pleased with where we are and where we’re headed and I can’t wait to talk about TNT once we get it in the fall.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Well, good morning, everyone. And Fred, I don’t think it’s a lost on folks here that you’re earnings are up 14% in this environment. You’re still guiding for close to 19% growth. So it’s just about the incrementals from here. I would just comment on that as well. But my question is really for Christine Richards. We’ve seen this NLRB ruling on the Browning-Ferris Industries come out. And apparently, they are taking a more aggressive stance on joint employment, as well as you’ve had a lot of disclosure around what's going on with your Kansas ground contractor case as well, which went to the Supreme Court I guess. The Seventh Circuit federal court and the MDL has made some orders there too. So can you talk to both and that’s in NLRB. Does it really have jurisdiction over how you can define employee and player relationships at the state level? Where does the federal versus state issue come into play here?
Chris Richards: Well, give it a go. The NLRB has jurisdiction over the tests that are applicable with respect to when and how employees can choose to be represented by labor unions. And I have to say the recent actions by the NLRB are concerned and should be of concern to every business in America, whether it's a large business or small business. The BFI decision if it stands will discourage companies from contracting with many small and minority owned businesses. And these are the businesses that are the very heart of the U.S. economy. Add to this, the NLRB challenge to the franchise model that is used by McDonald's and any number of other companies and has been in place for decades, harms primarily the franchisees. Those persons and companies that have bought businesses and are operating them as a part of their plan to achieve the American dream. These rulings will ultimately reduce the value of those franchises. I mean franchising has being a successful model for many small and minority-owned businesses for decades and this action should be seen for what it is. It’s an assault on small businesses and basically on decades of valid contract law in the U.S. Now that being said, the current NLRB decisions are not going to significantly have a direct impact on state law, because as you know from following the issues not only with Ground but with other companies, the states individually apply their tests with respect to certain statutes that they have in place. And as you note, we have been aggressively working on our defense of the contractor model at Ground. Couple things, we are currently still engaged the Seventh Circuit with the 19 remaining cases after they rendered a decision on the Kansas case. We expect those cases to be briefed and determined individually as we go forward. So we're looking at additional time and effort there. We also have had mixed results in some other jurisdiction. The Eleventh Circuit, which took the appeal of the MDL decision, remanded that case for trial by jury on the classification issue and we expect to prove as we did in Washington State that the businesses that operate for FedEx Ground are businesses. And we are pleased to have the opportunity to do that. On the other hand, we've had some recent good news in connection with case pending in Massachusetts, where the First Circuit overturned another decision and found that the Federal Aviation Authorization Act preempted state regulations with respect to the situation. And in fact, a decision that had been adverse to Ground has now been sent back for entry of an order positive to Ground. So two things, you should expect the continuation of our efforts as we defend the Ground operating process. And the other thing you should expect is a real increase across the board in this country on joint employment challenges. And the ramifications of holding one business responsible for the actions or inactions of another business with which they have a contract are very broad. And I hope that rational minds will quickly conclude that this is not a fair interpretation of the law. But I think you are going to see a lot more litigation in that area and the ramifications are way broader than FedEx.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. Let me jus make one broader point here. I think most of the people on the call know this. All of the litigation that Christine was talking about is really in the rearview mirror. I mean, we bought RPS years ago which was built on a very innovative model that gave people areas as an independent contractor; you could build your business. I met with one the other day. I just did my heart good. He started off with one truck. Now he’s got 23 trucks, he’s got a house and lake house. And we had to in relation to the litigation and the state laws, which were essentially directed at contractors that were performing work for builders that have created this lawsuit of cottage industry here and now of course it being reflected in the Uber litigation and so forth, we moved years ago away from being able to give somebody that kind of an opportunity. So today we only contract with incorporated businesses. We audit them to make sure that they are paying their taxes and doing all other things. And I think unfortunately, it's eliminated a great opportunity for young people to build the business. But litigation Chris is talking about has no relation whatsoever to the business model that FedEx Ground has today. So it's just managing these things. And we won this case at the MDL litigation and then it went back to California in the Ninth Circuit at an adverse ruling and we settled the case and moved on. So it's important to recognize that litigation that you are talking about not the NLRB ruling is essentially a model that no longer exists at Ground.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. I’ve got an email question from Matt Troy from Nomura Securities International. Given retailers willingness to explore creative promotional activities, such as the shipping promotions during the middle of the year, are you having conversations with larger retail customers about potential activities to shift or smooth demand in and around the December peak holiday season? The answer of the question is, yes. I would say that many retailers are attempting to do that. That's why it’s more difficult to actually forecast what the peak day is going to be. It was fairly predictable in years past. I think based upon our experience last year, it’s certainly more challenging in that regard. We are still dealing with capacity constraints in our 7 to 10 day period during peak season. We will continue to work with the retailers and e-tailers in an effort to try to shift that demand. But a lot of that’s consumer-driven. And I think there is a recognition that it’s going to have to occur at some point over time simply due to capacity constraints. But like anything in this regard, it takes longer to implement than you'd like to see.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. Before we sign off, I just felt compelled that I want to talk about Ground just for a second here. Don't get confused between operating margin versus earnings and cash flow. So the SmartPost change to gross revenue is simply math, and that reduces long-term margins just because of the math because we’ve higher revenue with the same amount of earnings. GENCO is a great addition for us in terms of operating earnings, operating profit and cash flow generation, the high ROIC. But if business has a lower margin than the Ground business itself, that's also math reduces the margin, but it improves earnings and cash flow. As Fred mentioned, the self-insurance reserves, although we’ve had two quarters in a row, we had a pretty bad month of May. We don't expect that to repeat. We’re improving our safety record at Ground. And so it's a one-time hit that won't be repeated. So you can look for us to continue to improve from where we are at Ground through the rest of '16 and beyond. But our margin position will be lower because of SmartPost and GENCO. Earnings and cash flows however will continue to improve as we start to reap the benefits of these CapEx investments and productivity improvements and be able to handle, take linehaul miles out, go more direct, and continue to improve our technology, we will be improving those. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's conference.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-06-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Vice President, Investor Relations Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President, Market Development & Corporate Communications Christine P. Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Robert B. Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services, and CIO David J. Bronczek - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Express Henry J. Maier - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Ground Michael L. Ducker - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Freight
Analysts: Robert Salmon - Deutsche Bank Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Alex Vecchio - Morgan Stanley Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Jack Atkins - Stephens Art Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates Scott Group - Wolfe Research Tom Wadewitz - UBS Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs Brandon Oglenski - Barclay's Capital Matt Troy - Nomura Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners David Ross - Stifel Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation's Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. The earnings release and our 27-page quarterly stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay and podcast will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. If you're listening to the call through our live webcast, feel free to submit your question via email or as a message on stocktwits.com. For email, please include your full name and contact information with your question and send it to our IR at fedex.com address. To send a question via stocktwits.com please be sure to include $FDX in the message. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of our Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent, we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight who is joining us from Washington DC where he is being installed as a Chairman of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome everyone to our discussion of results for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2015 just ended. Solid FY '15 earnings resulted from strong performance from each transport segment, all of which posted higher volumes with improved base yields. Last fiscal year was a good one in several other ways. We believe the three acquisitions we announced Bongo, GENCO, and TNT they proved significant to FedEx as the additions of Flying Tigers in 1989 and Caliber System in 1998 because they provide best in class capabilities and filled critical gaps in our portfolio of customer solutions. Our $1.6 billion profit improvement plan we outlined in 2012 is on schedule and we are confident we will reach our goal. And FedEx team members around the world again provided our customers great service especially during another record breaking peak season. Thanks to each and every one of these team members for their continued unmatched performance. We now look forward to FY '16. We are very well positioned for long-term growth, increased margins, cash flow and returns. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike Glenn for his thoughts on the economy and then Alan Graf will give you more details on our financials. Mike?
T. Michael Glenn: Thank you, Fred and good morning. We see moderate growth in the global economy. Our annual U.S. GDP forecast is for 2.3% growth in calendar '15 and for 2.9% growth in calendar '16. We expect industrial production growth of 2.2% this year and 3.2% in calendar '16. We expect global growth of 2.5% in calendar '15 and 3% for calendar '16. Now let me turn and make a couple of comments regarding the Company's year performance by segment. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express domestic package yields grew 2.2% primarily due to rate and discounts. In the Ground segment, Ground yields per package excluding SmartPost increased 4.3% year-over-year excluding the fuel surcharge driven primarily by the change in the dimensional weight surcharge and changes in weight and other surcharges. For SmartPost yield increased 12.4% without fuel, primarily driven by changing customer mix. In the International Export Express segment excluding fuel, package yield decreased 2.4% primarily driven by the negative impact of exchange which outweighed the positive impact of rate, discount and weight changes. And in the Freight segment excluding the impact of fuel, yield per shipment increased 4.2% year-over-year and the primary driver was rate and discount and shipment class changes. Alan?
Alan B. Graf: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Our fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $2.66 compared to adjusted $2.54 last year and we achieved a 10.5% operating margin on an adjusted basis. Adjusted operating income was up 5% for the quarter and adjusted net income was flat as variable compensation benefits the net impact of fuel and higher Ground network expansion expenses were headwinds for FY '15 versus '14 in the quarter. For the year, our adjusted operating income great 19% and adjusted operating margin was 9.0% up 110 basis points versus last year. Adjusted EPS grew 27% per diluted share to $8.95 for the year. Annual results increased sharply due to higher volumes in base yields in all three transportation segments, benefits from the profit improvement program initiatives and a favorable net fuel impact partially offset by increased incentive compensation and higher aircraft maintenance expense. As we look at Express we had a great quarter. Express Q4 adjusted operating income was up 12% versus last year's adjusted income and adjusted operating margin improved 130 basis points to 8.9%. Our adjusted operating results at Express improved due to higher base yield and U.S. domestic volume growth, the benefit from profit improvement program initiatives and lower international expenses due to currency current exchange rates. These benefits were partially offset by an unfavorable net fuel impact, higher incentive compensations and a negative impact from weather from the early March weather. Revenue decreased 4% at lower fuel surcharges and unfavorable currency exchange rates more than offset base yield and volume growth. U.S. domestic package volume grew 2% driven by a 3% increase in overnight box. The growth of our adjusted profitability despite lower revenue is a strong testament to the continued cost management and productivity improvements. Turning to our Ground segment, ground margins for the quarter were negatively impacted by the GENCO acquisition and related integration expenses as well as increased self-insurance reserves. Outside of these factors, the ground operating margin would have been just slightly less than last year's 20%. Ground's average daily volume grew 5% in Q4 primarily driven by growth in residential deliveries. SmartPost average daily volume decreased 1% due to the reduction in volume from a major customer. Excluding that customer, SmartPost volume grew 16%. Freight also had a good quarter despite a sluggish lessened truckload environment with operating income increasing 5% or 1% higher revenue year-over-year. Operating results improved primarily due to the positive impact of higher LTL revenue per shipment which is benefiting from our ongoing yield initiatives. As you know, we previously announced during the fourth quarter that we changed our method of accounting for our defined benefit pension and post retirement healthcare plans to a mark-to-market procedure which recognizes immediately in our earning during each fourth quarter actuarial gains and losses resulting from the re-measurement of the funding status of the plans. We believe the immediate recognition of actuarial gains and losses on the mark-to-market accounting is a preferable method of accounting as it aligns the recognition of changes in the fair value of planned assets and liabilities in the income statement with the fair value accounting principles which are used to measure the net funding status of the plans. We incurred a pretax mark-to-market loss of $2.2 billion in the quarter versus a $15 million gain in FY '14 from our actuarial adjustments to pension and post retirement healthcare plans. Our operating segments continued to bear the service and interest cost for their employees that participate in a defined pension and post retirement healthcare plans. Although actual asset returns are recognized in each fiscal period through the mark-to-market adjustments, we continued to recognize an estimated return on plan assets or EROA in a determination of net pension cost. At the segment level we have set our expected return at 6.5% for all periods which will equal our consolidated expected return assumption in FY '16. In fiscal years where the consolidated expected return is greater than 6.5%, that difference is reflected as a credit in corporate eliminations and other where periods have been recast to reflect these changes. Mark-to-market accounting now in place we will see less volatility in pension expense at the segment level. In fact pension expense in our FY '16 guidance is flat year-over-year versus our adjusted FY EPS of $8.95. Last week we announced that we were boosting our quarterly dividend by 25% for a total of $0.25 per share per quarter. In Q4 we repurchased $1.4 million shares at an average price of $170. Over the past two fiscal years we have repurchased a total of 45 million shares at an average price of $136 per share. Share repurchases increased adjusted earnings year-over-year by $0.12 and $0.53 per diluted share net of interest expense for the fourth quarter and the year respectively. As of May 31, 2015 we have 12.2 million remaining shares authorized for repurchase. Turning now to the outlook and based on the economic outlook that Mike discussed and the momentum we have, we project adjusted earnings to be $10.60 to $11.10 per diluted share for FY '16 before any year end mark-to-market pension accounting adjustments. These are driven by continued improvement in base pricing, volume growth and benefits from our profit improvement program. These factors will more than offset anticipated increases in salary and benefits as well as in anticipated unfavorable net fuel impact for the year. The outlook does not include any operating results nor integration planning and acquisition related expenses for TNT Express. Looking at Express's outlook, we do expect revenues and earnings to increase during FY '16 as U.S. domestic base yields improved and international export package base yields improved as well. And of course we will continue to focus on revenue quality when managing our cost and productivity. We expect operating income to improve through the continued execution of our profit improvement program including managing network capacity to meet customer demand, reducing structural costs, modernizing our fleet and driving productivity increases throughout our U.S. and International operations. These savings will increase towards the latter part of the year as our various cost reductions and efficiency programs continue to gain traction. And as Fred mentioned and Dave will discuss, we are on track to achieve our profit improvement program as we outlined in 2012. Ground revenues and operating income are expected to continue to grown in FY '16 led by volume growth across all of our major services due to market share gains. We also anticipate yield growth to continue during the year through yield management programs including our dimensional weight rating changes. Effective September 01, 2015, SmartPost will no longer be a subsidiary and will be merged into Ground. SmartPost will continue to be an important service offering in the FedEx portfolio by dissolving a subsidiary and merging the business into Ground will enable increased flexibility to leverage the strengths of both the Ground and SmartPost networks. We will launch new software that will enable us to combine packages that are destined to a common delivery address. This increased delivery density enhances efficiency and productivity and profitability. Due to these operational changes in our SmartPost service we will begin to recognize revenue on a gross basis at SmartPost and for SmartPost revenue services starting in FY '16 including postal fees also start in Q1. We anticipate this change will dilute Ground segment margins by 100 to 120 basis points, but will have absolutely no impact on Ground's net profit or cash flows. Higher network expansion costs will continue to partially offset Ground's increase in operating income in FY '16. At Freight we expect continued revenue, operating income and margin growth in FY '16 to be driven by volume and revenue per shipment increases from our differentiated LTL services as well as continued network and operational optimization. Freight is working diligently to improve productivity. Although we don't give quarterly guidance, I'm going to give a little bit for the first quarter here. With the profit improvement initiatives at Express continuing to gain traction throughout the year, we project much stronger profitability growth in the second half of the year. We also expect year-over-year growth in our first quarter to be less than the current consensus due to higher annual incentive compensation accruals in FY '16's first quarter compared to FY '15. Capital expenditures are going to increase in FY '16 to approximately $4.6 billion. The increase from FY '15 is largely due to the higher investment and the continued expansion of the Ground network. Both the commercial and residential service offerings at Ground continue to grow, thanks to industry-leading speed and reliability and continued growth in e-commerce. Given Ground's historical high ROIC, investing in network expansion fits our financial objectives as well as our operational objectives. Moving to our tax rate, in FY '15 our effective tax rate was 35.5% including the impact associated with our mark-to-market pension accounting. We expect the FY '16 effective tax rate to be in the range of 36% to 37% before any year end pension adjustments and excluding any impact from the TNT acquisition. And lastly, I want to point out that our balance sheet remained strong and the rating agencies have reaffirmed our ratings inclusive of the TNT acquisition. With that, we will open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Rob Salmon with Deutsche Bank.
Robert Salmon: Thanks Alan. If you could provide a little bit more color with regards the fiscal '16 guidance, perhaps just an update with regards to the profit improvement plan how you guys exited the fiscal fourth quarter? And should we be thinking about something to the tune of $2 billion to $4 billion of EBIT at Express looking out to next year or are there some kind of costs I think you had called out a net fuel headwind? Perhaps you could also give a little bit more color in terms of the overall expected headwind related to fuel?
Alan B. Graf: Well, I'll start and then I'll pass it over to Dave. Yes I think everybody has figured out the math by now about what Express has to earn to hit our running rate in '16 and you are not far off. But we're doing very well here in terms of hitting our profit improvement program and we will hit it. And I'm going to turn it over to Dave who has under his leadership has done a masterful job of getting the company in the position that it is in.
David J. Bronczek: Thanks Alan and thanks for the question. Yes, we’re very confident. We’re on track, we’ll hit our 75% run out rate, I’m sure you’ve all figured that out in your models by now, had a great quarter almost $600 million of profit, 9% margin, up 30% or more for the year. Our team has done a fantastic job in all five categories of our profit improvement plan. So we’re on track, we’re on target, we’re excited about the future and I look forward to more of the questions.
Operator: We’ll go next to Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Christian Wetherbee: Great, thanks. Good morning. Maybe a question on pricing and just some of your thoughts around sort of the domestic environment and seen from a competitive standpoint that price sort of the posture towards pricing is improving from your major competitor. Just want to get a rough sense of how you’re seeing sort of market develop within fiscal '16 and maybe what is embedded in the fiscal '16 guidance from a Ground standpoint? Thank you.
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. I would characterize the pricing environment is very rational, in terms of Ground pricing obviously the change that we’ve made with the dimensional weight surcharge is now in full effect and we expect those trends to continue. So I just would characterize the pricing environment is rational.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
Alex Vecchio: Hi there, good morning, it’s Alex in for Bill. Could you just clarify the comments on the first quarter expectations for year-over-year growth to be a little bit less than consensus, is that a reference to just the overall earnings per share growth rate? And also just talk a little bit about why exactly the run rate of the savings or the expected savings is going to be more back half weighted than front half weighted or just a little bit more clarity there would be helpful?
Alan B. Graf: Sure, this is Alan. The good news for our employees and our team here is that we’re all working really hard to continue to grow our cash flows and our earnings and that’s reflected in whether are there going to be higher accruals for our incentive compensation programs and in particularly in the first quarter, the accruals going to be significantly higher than it was a year ago. And so that’s going to mean that we’re going to come in below what the current consensus is for Q1, but that’s also factored into our annual guidance of $10.62, $11.10.
Operator: And we’ll go next to Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird.
Ben Hartford: Hey, good morning guys. Dave, this is a question for you on within Express, as you think about the progress that you’ve made hitting your marks on the profit improvement target, it looks like the margin profile looks a lot like it did throughout the mid-2000s obviously cresting, than just shy of 10%, you made some changes with regard to compensation within that segment. I’m curious how you feel that that segment fits, how it may differ today relative to last cycle to give us a sense whether when you conclude this program, there is further upside opportunity as it relates to margins in the segment or maybe not and you believe that you’ve improved the capital intensity, so return on invested capital at that margin level is better than cycle, but any perspective that you might be able to provide today and over the next 12 months, how Express sits relative to the mid-2000s would be helpful?
David J. Bronczek: Well, thanks and it’s a great question because you’re right, we are cresting right at 10% before the big recession. I would say we’re actually in a better position and better shape right now because we have actually brought our whole company around the world more in line with our cost structure and our revenues and so our differed packages now around the world are making us more money. Our network is more aligned to the right packages in the right network. Our U.S. transformation has been fabulously successful where we have reduced our headcount, reduced some of our stations, we’ve consolidated our routes. So for last time around when our margins are up so high, we’re better positioned now than we were back then. The second half of the year for us of course is big as it was this year. We were running over 35%, ended up because of the mark-to-market and so forth, some adjustments weather and fuel, we ended up the year at 30%. So I would say, we’re on track and probably a little bit ahead of where we were in FY '15 going out into FY '16. Our team has done a great job. Mike Glenn and his team with my team managing the revenues and the yields around the world, but it’s a very good question and I appreciate the question because we were very proud of where we were back then, we’re actually in a better shape going forward now.
Operator: We’ll go next to Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie.
Kelly Dougherty: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow up on the Ground side, what obviously team reports about your peers kind of stepping up their yield improvement initiatives, so how should we think about you responding competitively? Should we think that benefits more on the pricing side or maybe from a volume perspective if you’re looking to be maybe a little retrospective than they are to take some additional share? So just kind of wondering how things shake out in Ground with this more rationale pricing environment?
T. Michael Glenn: Well, this is Mike Glenn, let me make a couple of comments and then I’ll turn it over to Henry Maier. We’re currently working with our customers to plan for peak to ensure we have the right amount of capacity in the right places to provide outstanding service which we’ve done in the last couple of years. I think the most important thing regarding peak pricing, however, is to ensure that you have the right pricing in effect year round to make sure that it covers the investments that we make in our network to provide outstanding service. So the right pricing for 12 months a year is first and foremost the primary objective not just pricing for three to four weeks during the peak period. Having said that, we’re going to continue to monitor peak season shipping trends and evaluate potential pricing changes on a customer by customer basis as required to ensure that we have the right return on investment. But let me reemphasize again, the key to peak pricing is to have the right pricing in place 12 months out of the year, not three to four weeks out of the year.
Henry J. Maier: Yes Kelly, this is Henry Maier. Let me just add that when we look at customers in particularly the way we allocate capacity at peak, we allocate capacity to our existing customers, we don’t take on any volume for just one month a year. And it’s really important that we do that, because our customers tell us that our ability to serve their needs during the peak season really drives how they expect to give volume to carriers the rest of the year. So we deal with that holistically with pricing, but just philosophically we very much base peak capacity, very scarce peak capacity to the volume we get the other 11 months out of the year.
Operator: We’ll go next to Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks, good morning. Staying in Ground, I’m curious, obviously a little bit of slowdown in industrial production and the economy of weight. On B2B what kind of trends did you see in the quarter and what are you thinking about with your outlook for B2B in the fiscal '16? Thanks.
Henry J. Maier: Scott this is Henry Maier. Volumes in the quarter were up 5% year-over-year. I can tell you that I think volume for probably the last nine months has been a little bit on the soft side, but that’s just us, we’re always just as tight with our volumes. We’re not seeing anything that would suggest that there is anything going on here. I think that there clearly were some inventory disruptions with the port situation on the West Coast last year. We saw that manifest itself mainly at peak because we saw volumes from customers come from places that frankly they didn’t expect them to come from and we didn’t expect them to come from either. I think most of that is flushed out now and we expect fairly normal business levels going forward.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Good morning guys. Thanks for the time. Just going, getting back to the Ground segment, could you maybe comment for a moment on the integration cost that you mentioned from GENCO, that it may weight on the profitability at Ground during the quarter, do you expect that to continue during FY '16 and can you quantify that? And just to follow-up there, Alan you talked about merging the SmartPost subsidiary and that could be dilutive to margins in FY '16 for Ground, could you maybe flush that out a little bit as to why that’s the case?
Henry J. Maier: Jack, this is Henry Maier. So let me, there are two questions there, let me take the first one. We are actively involved in integrating GENCO into FedEx. We have a very disciplined process for doing that. It takes 12 to 18 months to pull that off. There are integration costs that we have to incur doing that. I think that we can expect that with the full year results of GENCO and our plan with very, very light profits as a result of these costs, that GENCO will be a drag on our margins for FY '16. Concerning SmartPost there is a number of things going on with SmartPost. First of all, we made a decision this year to merge SmartPost into FedEx Ground. We did that for three reasons, one our people provides more opportunities for SmartPost people within FedEx Ground and vice versa, operating them as a separate subsidiary created some burdens or some obstacles to clearly moving people back and forth between the two companies. In the area of service, we’ve discovered over the last couple of years that we can maximize the use of facilities, both SmartPost facilities and Ground facilities not only do we drive cost out of the equation but we improved service and this change helps effect that. And then finally on the profit side, we expect OpEx to go down significantly as a result of this change, because we will have more efficient line haul and we’ll make better use of our capital assets without adding CapEx going forward. Now as Alan alluded to, we have our piece of software that’s going to be released this summer which will allow us to match addresses in the network between SmartPost and FedEx home delivery. When we get two packages going to the same address, we’re going to divert that SmartPost package into HD for delivery. We get significant savings when we do that as you can imagine. The accounting rules suggest that when we decide where the pack, what network the package is ultimately going to go into for delivery, we have to recognize gross revenue instead of net. Now there is absolutely no change in the profitability of any of these services. SmartPost will continue to be a very important service offering in the residential portfolio, but adding that gross revenue portion to the top line with no corresponding operating profit dilutes Ground’s margins by 100 to 120 basis points.
Operator: We will go next to Art Hatfield with Raymond James.
Art Hatfield: Hey, good morning everybody. Every so often we hear about a prominent user of parcel services that is deciding or trying to decide whether or not they want to do delivery on their own. And I think it creates a lot of confusion about the impact that that may have on your business or UPS’s business. Can you kind of address what the impact any one customer could have on your business and how people should think about that? Also whether or not they could become a competitor throughout over the long haul?
T. Michael Glenn: Well, first of all, let me just say that setting up a transportation network is an extremely capital intensive network, requires very sophisticated information technology and takes a very long time to build out to scale, to be able to provide the type of service that customers expect. I think what a lot of people lose in this conversation is the fundamental input cost on pickup and delivery and that while technology today has certainly made user interface much more streamlined and easy as in the case of some of the applications we’re all accustomed to today, the fundamental input costs have not changed. The other part about it that I think people lose sight of is the customer experience. Research has indicated time and time again that a uniformed person with proper identification showing up at your doorstep is an important issue for customers and consistency of customer experience is very critical in that regard. So when you talk about the challenges of building a network of scale, the input cost, the technology issues and the customer experience required to deliver what customers expect of companies like FedEx and our primary competitors, it’s a pretty tall hill to climb. So, obviously we continue to monitor these situations and opportunities that that pop up from time to time, but we feel pretty comfortable in terms of our strategy going forward and our ability to serve the e-commerce market and our customers. So I hope, I have answered your question.
Operator: We will go next to Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey thanks, good morning guys. So Alan with the guidance for the year being a little back ended, can you help give us some numbers to just get some comfort in terms of how big is the incentive comp or stock based comp headwind in the first quarter or the first half of the year? And is it right to think that becomes a tailwind in the third and really the fourth quarter and how big of a year-over-year tailwind is that going to be in the back half?
Alan B. Graf: Well Scott as you know, we usually don’t get down that sort of granularity level, but it’s significant to the first half versus last year’s last half and particularly the first quarter, because we’re accruing at a higher rate. I think we go from 8.95 to our range, it’s a significant achievement for all of our employees and we need to reward them accordingly.  We’re talking about incentive is cash compensation here. We’re talking about our annual incentive compensation program. We’re not talking about any of our stock or stock option program to simply related to the cash part of our incentive compensation. So it’s significant, it’s in the yearly guidance and as I said, we've given you quarterly guidance because frankly I couldn’t hit the numbers. So I freely admit that, but I’m very comfortable about the year.
Operator: We’ll go next to Tom Wadewitz with UBS.
Tom Wadewitz: Yes, good morning. I wanted to ask you a bit more on Ground; you've got a lot of moving parts going on there. If I look at the fourth quarter numbers and assuming I’m looking at the right adjusted numbers, it looks like operating income was only up a touch year-over-year and I’m wondering should I assume there are maybe some GENCO costs and so forth? But how much operating profit growth would you expect, is it in Ground in fiscal 2016, is it 5%, is it 15%? What is the right ballpark to be in for operating income growth in Ground? And I guess under SmartPost comments, I’m a little confused, I think you’ve said well, there are efficiency gains from integrating SmartPost with the Ground network and so forth, but we wouldn’t expect any change in profitability in that. I understand the optics of the margin impact to gross revenue versus net, but wouldn’t there be some operating income benefit over time from that integration? So just a couple there on Ground. Thank you.
Alan B. Graf: Hey Tom, I’ll start and I’ll turn it over to Henry. Your question about net income in the quarter, that is the result of our increased self-insurance reserve catch up that we’ve had to make in the quarter and that’s why that net income is flat. The margin was down because of the GENCO addition of revenue with very little income associated with that. And so I’ll turn it over to Henry for the rest.
Henry J. Maier: Yes, I think it’s safe to assume that there is going to be fairly significant OpEx savings with the SmartPost change, obviously there is a lot of moving parts there. We’re going to do that in pieces to make sure that we preserve the service and I would venture a guess to say that most of that will occur in the late second half of the year and will likely be realized in FY '17.
Operator: We’ll go next to Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry: Thanks, good morning. I was wondering if you could maybe breakdown the CapEx guidance of $4.6 billion between Express and Ground and directionally is the Ground spending higher or lower than maybe what you’re thinking perhaps a year ago?
Alan B. Graf: Allison, this is Alan. We are significantly stepping up Ground investment in 2016 versus 2015. That explains the entire increase year-over-year. This will be the peak we believe, because as you bring on as Henry will tell you here shortly, as you bring, start building hubs and bring things online, we have a fairly substantial step function, particularly because we’re so highly automated and those investments are going to give us returns right away, but that’s why the CapEx is going up in 2016 and it’s entirely related to our increased investment in Ground. Henry?
Henry J. Maier: Yes Allison, we have a CapEx budget in FY 2016 of $1.6 billion, 90% of that is for network expansion due to growth. This will be our peak year. I think you can expect that in '17 and years beyond our CapEx should drop 30%, 35% from where it is this year.
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. I’ve got an email question from Brandon Cannon from Gutenberg Equity Research. It’s regarding Ground yields. Can you provide some insight in the Ground yield exiting the quarter with first full quarter of dimensional weight changes behind us should we expect some decline and yield heading into FY '16 as customers adjust packaging? I’ve touched on this bit earlier and as I'd just remind everyone that we announced this change six months in advance and the reason we did that is to give customers plenty of time to start making adjustments and many customers have made adjustments in their packaging. We would certainly hope that they will continue to evaluate their packaging going forward, but having said that, we don’t expect any material change in trend in the dimensional weight surcharge going forward.
Operator: Okay. We’ll go next to Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch
Ken Hoexter: Hi, great. Good morning. If I could just follow up again on Ground, it seems like a lot of questions, but just because you’re spending more and obviously you’re talking about lower margins and I get the GENCO lower margin impact and the SmartPost consolidated impact, but yet I think Alan you mentioned that overall Ground margins were up if you exclude a lot of that. I just want to understand is e-commerce having a larger negative impact? And then maybe your thoughts on the contractor lawsuit and thoughts on margin impact going forward, is that something you’re going to continued to see costs increasing, does that expand beyond California and other thoughts on expenses related to that? Thanks.
Alan B. Graf: Ken, Ground margins in the fourth quarter adjusted for the one-time insurance reserve change in GENCO would have been around 19.2%. The delta between last year and this year on an apples-to-apples basis would have largely been driven by increased appreciation and rent due to network expansion and I will turn the other question over to Chris.
Christine P. Richards: Hello, this is Chris Richards and I’ll try to answer your question on the Alexander case in California. This settlement in Alexander results claims go back to 2000 and concern a model, but FedEx Ground no longer operate. This settlement is really unique that’s why we disagree with the Ninth Circuit's decision that applies to this case. We have to recognize that decision and the size of the class and impact of California state laws on the damages sort by the class. The settlement covers about 2,375 class members, who signed operating agreements with FedEx Ground between 2000 and 2007, but the parties have agreed that the settlement will resolve any claims, damages by the class members to the current year. California law imposes by far the most penalties and damages of any state. So if we have settlements with other states, this settlement is not an accurate measure to predict potential expense. Ground has won more than the hundred cases of this type during its history. We continue to challenge the appeal on at the Eleventh Circuit, at the Eight Circuit and recently received very a favorable decision in the Massachusetts case which is now on appeal at the First Circuit where the district court judge granted summary judgment in favor of Ground finding that the contractors are contractors as a matter of law. So we’re going to continue to aggressively defend ourselves from these claims and I want to put the Alexander case in some context.
Operator: We’ll go next to Tom Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Tom Kim: Good morning. I have a question on Express, we continue to see some unevenness in your growth in IP and IE. Obviously last quarter we saw IP package volumes dip a little bit, with just the obviously incremental growth in IE and I’m wondering is there anything that you’re seeing to suggest that were could see a pickup in IP in the fiscal 15 outlook? And then if not can you talk about what you might have to do to adjust your cost structure accordingly, whether it’s the time or fleet or even the more third party capacity or leveraging a bit more, just give us a little color on that, that’s helpful? Thanks.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay, thanks Tom. Just so, the boxes which is what our focus is growing very nicely, the envelopes of course are declining. So that would be how the numbers and they all roll together, but that’s where you would see that end result. But I think that going forward we were actually and several of you have sent notes to Mickey Foster on our fleet and our network and so forth, we’ve adjusted our network as you probably know in April where we actually adjusted our system form and shutdown one of our Trans-Pacific flights. So we are down one Trans-Pacific flight there now. That being said, we have adjusted it to the point where we still actually have 83% of our traffic moves as international priority and when we are moving deferred traffic, removing it in a system like our FedEx Freight network system, it actually makes more money on our deferred traffic as well. So we’re well positioned, boxes are growing, documents are declining somewhat in International and so going forward we think we are in very good shape.
Operator: We’ll go next to Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Yes, good morning everyone and thanks for taking the question. I was aware if the team can just comment on what was seem economically, because it sounds like you took that in your growth forecast for 2015. And if I heard Mike correctly, it sounds like you had some acceleration based on the 2016. So are there expectations from your customers, what’s driving the brighter outlook in the back half of your fiscal ‘16 year? And then, if I could follow up as well on Tom Kim’s question here, if things aren’t that great, it looks like you do have a net reduction in your fleet for the first time in quite some time at Express, can you talk to, apart from the Trans-Pacific frequency is there domestic capacity that can also be rationalized?
Frederick W. Smith: Let me go ahead and start with the second part of your question, where we are actually modernizing our fleet. So we’re getting rid of very inefficient fuel burning aircraft of high maintenance to a newer fleet, better maintenance, better reliability, better fuel efficiency. So we’re balancing our fleet in the United States and around the world and that’s part of our profit improvement plan.
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. The primary reason for the lower GDP outlook for remainder of 15 and as the first quarter, as you know the first quarter came in at negative 0.7 GDP growth year-over-year and as a result of that, that took down the annual number. We do expect stronger growth in the second half of the year and our forecast really hasn’t been materially changed in the second half.
Operator: We’ll go next to Matt Troy with Nomura.
Matt Troy: Thank you. Just a quick one, I wanted to understand directionally you guys with the self help initiatives have done a lot of heavy lifting in the Express segment and it seems to be an undercurrent of concern that the targets for next year maybe backend loaded. You’ve done a good job of explaining how incentive comp is driving some of that. But given the magnitude of what you came in on an EBIT basis and then got a year left to target, can you just help us in light of the confidence you expressed in then make-ability, what are the major buckets to get there? I mean is there primarily at this point, those aircraft retirements you talked about and the fleet enhancement, how much of it is to tied to things you can directionally control in a line of sight because you seem very confident in the make-ability? I just want to make sure this isn’t primarily something pricing or volume dependent. That would be helpful.
Alan B. Graf: Hi Matt, I'll start, this is Alan. First of all its really much more of a first quarter issue again and its incentive compensation, but also our maintenance expenses expressed is going to be flat year-over-year and it was fairly high in the third and fourth quarter. So that’s another benefit to the second half, but more importantly, let me just say that back in October of 2012 we didn’t think we’re going to have any negative GPD growth quarters. We thought we were going to have a 3% to 3.5% growth rate in the U.S. and a better International none of those things have materialized. So, where we're really being outstanding is our performance across the board in productivity and cost management. And although we don’t talk about it very much, I’m going to kick it over to my partner of Rob Carter on IT, because our IT transformation here is nothing short of spectacular. Rob’s team spent less money in fiscal ‘15 and than they did in fiscal ‘14 and are going to be flat in ‘16 while they’re modernizing our IT, making us quicker to market. I'll just let him talk about that. It is a very big part of profit improvement program and why we’re part of the reason why we are so confident in our ability to achieve it.
Robert B. Carter: Well, thanks Alan. The profit improvement plan is definitely a team’s work where lots of parts of the business were contributing and we are just relentlessly focused on simplifying and modernizing our IT footprint and that has a couple of really important benefits, one is it lowers costs as we modernize and simplify that footprint we spend a lot less money on infrastructure and infrastructure upgrades. But then, secondarily it makes us more agile in these businesses that modernized footprint is much more flexible to meet the needs of the business to shift volumes and to represent customer needs more effectively. So thanks Alan we’re proud of what we done and we plan to continue to relentlessly focus on lowering costs and making the environment much more agile.
David J. Bronczek: Let me jump in here. This is Dave Bronczek, Rob is right; Rob and his team have done a great job. Our profit improvement plan, we have a clear line of sight on really all five of the categories. The fleet modernization is forming magnificently. Our aircraft maintenance as Alan pointed out is going to be flat year-over-year which was always part of our plan. Our U.S. domestic operations led by Matt Thornton and Pete Gors [ph], excellent productivity, great cost control. The International network is performing as good or better than I actually though it would be and we have the plan around the world is actually achieving all of our goals. What we actually didn’t try to accomplish was over reaching on revenue. So, Mike Glenn and his team and we partner on that is we were taking more aggressive steps on our cost, networks around the world, they are performing magnificently. So the line of site is pretty clear for us and we’re very confident. 
Frederick W. Smith: This is Fred Smith, I had two questions that came over the Internet, one of them, another one about airplanes which I’ll let Dave Bronczek read and answer here in a minute and a second one about Freight which Mike Ducker can answer from Washington. For freight could we discussed ongoing yield initiatives and how they specifically relate new hires, either drivers or dock workers? Then there is a question related there, I missed it, any incremental productivity gains related to new our key deployments. I think in the macro since you can take what Rob just said for the enterprise and apply them specifically to FedEx Freight as well. There will be in the next few years’ significant productivity improvements in FedEx Freight as a result in the software improvements and will be applying to the business. Now as to the new hiring and freight drivers or dock workers as they relate to yield initiatives let me ask Mike Ducker to answer that question. Mike?
Michael L. Ducker: Yes, thanks Fred. Yes, we hired to catch up with demand from the first half and in preparation for the busy season. So our salaries, wages and education costs accelerated. Most of those are drivers which will serve us very well going forward and our teams are focused right now working hard to get the productivity increase and balance those with the volumes in the network as these new team members hit their normal efficiencies. Also the performance on the small and medium segment has been very good in terms of yield improvements there and that was the one point that we were targeting for the most part. So the fundamentals are really sound in the business.
Frederick W. Smith: We have a question. It came in on the Internet that Dave Bronczek has now were about the airplanes and he will answer it for you. Let me make two comments here, one on the broad sounds and then secondarily to Dave on the airplane side. I think the important thing that the people that follow FedEx should focus on is our constant comments that we are very confident that we will continue to increase margins, cash flows and returns. And we told you that in 2012 and we’ve consistently done that, so let me reiterate that the management team around this table is very confident that we will continued to increase margins, cash flows and returns.  Having said that, we are a big outfit and we buy lots of trucks, lots of ground support equipment, lots of trailers, I mean between ground and the freight, I was just looking at these numbers, the other day we have over 70,028 foot [parts]. There was an article in the Wall Street Journal a couple of days ago about UPS handling oversized packages and I can tell you that the growth in those oversized packages is a big deal in e-commerce, so we are very, very hopeful that the Congress will increase the limit on twin trailers from 28 feet to 33 feet because it will take thousands of vehicles off the road, improve safety, save fuel, reduce emissions and allow both the LTL and the ground parcel businesses to better reflect the needs of the nation’s supply chain. Now as it applies to airplanes, they’re just like trucks and ground support equipment. We need to buy the modernized fleet, 12, 15 airplanes a year and we continue to do that and you can count on us continuing to do that because they are aluminum, they oxidize, they wear out and the new models fortunately burn a lot less fuel and are much more reliable. For instance one of the reasons that the fleet can go down is we don’t need as many spares with the new technology airplanes as we did with the old ones. Now, having said that, Dave you take over.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, thanks Fred. This question came in from William Flynn [ph] from Potomic [ph]. It says with regards to express in a recently retired 15 aircraft, 21 related engines and the adjusted retirement schedule of the additional 23 aircraft and 57 engines, what is the timeframe for the ongoing fleet reconfiguration to incrementally boost margins. This was all part of the plan William, it was all part of the profit improvement plan, those planes that we talked about retiring they were all basically parked in the dessert, they were in engine repair that was going to be too expensive to re bring back and as Fred pointed out. So it is probably incrementally going to boost our profits more but it’s all part of our fleet modernization which is a big part of our plan. So you’re right and you focused on a very important point, the fleet modernization does boost our productivity and our profitability 
Alan B. Graf: I just want to add one more thing about our profit improvement plan and our confidence. If you take anything away from today about Express, let me just focus on the fact that in the fourth quarter the revenue line was down 4% and the adjusted rate operated income line was up 12%. So, it is lot of hard work and elbow grease, and productivity improvements, and tough cost management, that we're continuing, that we have ingrained in all of our companies and is going to continue and that’s why we’re so confident the way that Fred spoke. And by the way that 12% increase in operating, adjusted operating income could have been a lot higher had it not been for fuel, incentive comp and weather. So we’re highly confident about Express and that’s in our guidance for '16 and I’ll give you guidance from '17 a year from that, but I’m just as excited about that as about ’16.
Operator: We’ll go next to Donald Broughton with Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton: Good morning gentlemen and ladies. There has been a certainly, excuse me beyond your TNT acquisition in the freight forwarding space there has been one acquisition after another, after another mergers, both in domestic and global. How is it at all does it change your competitive outlook, your strategic approach to the market, CLDs, mergers and acquisitions, and you’re spacing them and what especially in the freight forwarding space?
Alan B. Graf: It’s Alan. I will start. Obviously we've been very aggressive in the acquisition space, so a long number of years. I expect we will continue to be aggressive in the acquisition space over the next several years. I mean we invest for the long term around here, but we also are very concerned with shareholder return as evidenced by our buyback in our increasing dividends. As to any specifics about any specific space, I will just say that depends on the fit, the culture, the price and all three of those things are vital and we’ve got the, we’re working on the TNT integration planning right now, which by the way is going very well. Thanks for asking. And I’ll turn it over to Chris on the other…
Christine P. Richards: This is Chris Richards and I have an email question that came in from Scott Group of Wolfe Research. Can you give an update on the TNT acquisition and timing because it will be completed earlier than expected? Well I should I hope so. We’re doing a tremendous job. We are preparing to submit our initial offering documents as required by Dutch law by the end of this month. And we are well underway with the preparation of the necessary filings with competition authorities. We have been in consultation with European Competition Commission and continue to believe FedEx and TNT operations are highly complementary in Europe and we do not believe that the transaction faces any competition issues for the commission. So we’re in good shape. We’re going to try to get this done as quickly as we can. My boss asked me this question about once a week, so let me assure you it is top of mind here at FedEx.
Frederick W. Smith: And I would like to thank Chris Richards who has had a tough time speaking the last four days and I have to tell you sometimes I would applaud my General Counsel not being able to say anything when she comes into my office, but thanks for coming out this morning Chris because I know it has been hard with that laryngitis you have.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Ross with Stifel.
David Ross: Yes, just a follow-up on TNT there, you mentioned in your guidance that that excludes any cost related to TNT, do you have any estimate on costs that you expect to be related to TNT in the upcoming fiscal year? And then just one quick question for FedEx Freight, what was the change in average length of haul year-over-year in the fourth quarter?
Frederick W. Smith: First of all we are not going to answer the average length of haul, that's down in the weeds. That's what I would call not a strategic question. But as to, yes I have a pretty good idea what we are going to spend on TNT and I'll report it each quarter as we have actually spend it 
Operator: We will go next to Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling: Thank you. Good morning I had one, Alan you touched base on the capital spending that you gave for fiscal year 2016 talk about it, the Ground peaking, how about as we look about the 2017 and maybe even beyond when you factor in the TNT acquisition and any major CapEx needs you see in Europe?
Alan B. Graf: I think 2017 will be another year that is going to be a little bit on the high end of our range. We would like to be at the 6% to 8% of revenue, but the way our aircraft delivery schedule is shaping up at the moment, it looks like 2017 will be a little bit higher than that, maybe at 9% and 9.5% range, but after that we will just see. But as I said, if we need to make long-term investments to improve our productivity and drive these cash flows, we are going to continue to do that, whether they are acquisitions or CapEx and we have a very, very rigorous process for both.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the call back over to Mickey Foster for closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the investor relations team, if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much. Bye.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-03-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Vice President - Investor Relations Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development & Corporate Communications Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer David J. Bronczek - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Express Henry J. Maier - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Ground Christine P. Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Michael L. Ducker - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Freight
Analysts: Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Kelly A. Dougherty - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Art W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Donald A. Broughton - Avondale Partners LLC Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC Helane R. Becker - Cowen & Co. LLC Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP William Jeffrey Greene - Morgan Stanley David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets LLC Brandon Robert Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc. Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Jeff A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Research Vitaly Nesterenko - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corp. third quarter fiscal year 2015 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster - Vice President - Investor Relations: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter earnings release and our 27-page stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay and podcast will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. If you're listening to the call through our live webcast, feel free to submit your question via email or as a message on stocktwits.com. For email, please include your full name and contact information with your question and send it to our IR at fedex.com address. To send a question via stocktwits.com please be sure to include $FedEx in the message. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent, we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Mike Ducker, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mickey. Good morning, and welcome to the discussion of our financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2015. We had a very successful peak season as volumes grew across all our transport segments. We believe our strategy is sound, our culture is unique, and our customers value our broad portfolio of business solutions. Our profit improvement programs are moving ahead as scheduled. In addition to providing great service during peak, the FedEx team demonstrated outstanding execution during a demanding quarter that included the Chinese New Year, Valentine's Day, tough winter weather and labor disruptions in West Coast ports. Last month FedEx was again recognized as one of the most admired companies in the world and number one in the delivery industry by FORTUNE magazine. We believe this reflects our team's dedication to our Purple Promise, which is simply stated: I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. I'd like to welcome our GENCO teammates to FedEx now that the acquisition is complete. GENCO's industry-leading supply chain expertise will help FedEx service offerings in rapidly growing markets such as e-commerce, healthcare, and technology. I'd also like to welcome a familiar face, Mike Ducker, our former President of FedEx International and COO of FedEx Express, to his first earnings call as CEO of FedEx Freight. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mike Glenn and then to Alan Graf. Mike?
T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development & Corporate Communications: Thank you, Fred. I'd like to open by recognizing our team members who delivered a record-breaking peak season and outstanding service through a series of challenges during the quarter, including winter weather, shifts in demand due to significant disruptions at the West Coast ports, among other issues. FedEx was once again able to standout in service, thanks to our long-term planning, differentiated and flexible networks, use of technology and automation, and very close collaboration with our customers. All of these factors allowed us to provide excellent service and results during the quarter. On the economic front, we see moderate growth in the global economy anchored by the U.S. where continued improvements in fundamentals will support real GDP growth around 3% for the next several quarters. Our annual U.S. GDP forecast is 3.1% growth for calendar 2015 and 3.1% growth in calendar 2016. We expect industrial production growth of 3.8% this year and 3.6% in calendar 2016. Global economic growth is expected to broaden with the U.S. and other developed markets leading the way. We expect global growth of 2.8% in calendar 2015 and 3.1% in calendar 2016. Now let me make a few comments regarding the company's yield performance by segment. In the Express domestic segment, excluding the impact of fuel, we saw yields grow 1.5%, primarily due to rate and discounts. In the Ground segment, excluding SmartPost and the impact of fuel, we saw yields increase 3.7%, driven primarily by rate and discount and surcharges. SmartPost yield increased 9.9% year over year without fuel, driven by changing customer mix and rates. In the International Export segment, excluding fuel, yield per package decreased 0.8%, primarily driven by the negative impact of exchange rates, which offset positive weight, rate, and discount changes. And finally in Freight, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per shipment increased 4.9%, being driven by rate and discount changes, changes in weight per shipment, and shipment class. And now I'll turn it over to Alan Graf for some comments.
Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. We had another outstanding quarter as our earnings per share grew 63% to $2.01. Corporate margin rose 250 basis points year over year to 8.2%. Revenue grew 4% to $11.7 billion from increased volumes and notably higher base yield. Our sales team continues to do a terrific job of improving base yields. Operating results include a significant net benefit from fuel and less severe winter weather this year than last year, partially offset by higher variable incentive compensation accruals, which result from our improved financial performance. Share repurchases had an $0.11 year-over-year positive impact on earnings per share for the quarter. And during the quarter, we issued $2.5 billion of senior unsecured debt at very attractive rates. At Express, operating income increased 129% to $384 million and operating margin increased 330 basis points year over year, driven by base revenue growth, a positive net impact for fuel, constrained expense growth from our profit improvement initiatives, a lower year-over-year weather impact, and reduced pension expense. These factors were partially offset by higher variable incentive compensation accruals and aircraft maintenance expense. U.S. domestic volumes increased 4%, including a 5% growth in overnight box. International export volumes increased 1%. Turning to Ground, revenues increased 12% to $3.4 billion from volume and yield growth at Ground and yield growth at SmartPost, partially offset by lower volumes at SmartPost. Ground's average daily volume increased 7% from continued growth in our commercial business and home delivery service. Operating income increased 14% to $558 million. Higher revenue per package and volumes, positive net impact of fuel, and a lower year-over-year weather impact were the main factors. This increase was partially offset by higher network expansion cost as we continued to invest heavily in our high-margin high-ROIC growing Ground businesses. Looking at Freight, Freight had another great quarter with 94% higher operating income and operating margin up 220 basis points on 6% higher revenue year over year. Freight's operating income and operating margin benefited from higher less-than-truckload revenue per shipment and 3% higher average daily LTL shipments. During the quarter, FedEx closed on the GENCO and Bongo International acquisitions, expanding our portfolio in e-commerce and supply chain solutions. Both were included in our results from the dates of acquisition, and neither had a material impact on the quarter. As we look at the outlook, based on the economic outlook that Mike talked about, we project earnings per share of $8.80 to $8.95 for FY 2015. Variable incentive compensation accruals will continue to increase as our financial performance improves. Overall, we continue to remain on track with our profit improvement plans and expect to deliver record earnings this fiscal year and again next year. We have tremendous momentum. I'm very proud of the outstanding performance that our team members delivered despite a challenging peak season again this year and would like to thank each one of them for their dedication and their contribution to these terrific results. Now we'll open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Rob Salmon with Deutsche Bank.
Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys. Mike, Henry, great job in terms of the yield performance at Ground. Could you talk a little bit about how the impact of DIM pricing, how that played out into the 3.7% yield improvement that the segment had achieved? And how we should be thinking about the DIM weight tailwind for the fiscal fourth quarter, and then over the next couple years, how much of the contracts will be flowing in annually in 2016 as well as 2017?
T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development & Corporate Communications: Rob, this is Mike. Obviously, the dimensional weight pricing decision that we made had an impact. But it's important to note that it was only in effect two of the three months. It was not in effect during the month of December. And I'd say a couple of things. The dimensional weight charge is important because we announced it so early, we gave lot of customers time to adjust packaging, and we were quite pleased at customers who took advantage of that. We worked with many of them through our packaging lab to help them get more efficient packaging. But at the same time, for those packages that were oversized, we were able to capture the dimensional weight charge and that was important to us. But again, it only had an impact two of the three months.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nate J. Brochmann - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I want to talk a little bit with obviously the stronger dollar, I would assume that the import activity is probably picking up a little bit. And we had gone through such a period of time where we were out of balance on the international networks. I was just wondering if you could talk about where the balance lies now with some of the adjustments and the trade patterns and what you're seeing on more of a global basis.
T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development & Corporate Communications: This is Mike Glenn again. Obviously, the U.S. dollar strengthened versus the euro over the past several weeks, and we started to see some impact on freight to and from the U.S. However, I would say it's still a bit early to talk about significant shifts in trade patterns and we'll have a better understanding of that in the weeks and months ahead and can probably speak more about that in the fourth quarter.
David J. Bronczek - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Express: This is Dave Bronczek. We did have – because of the port issue, we did have – because of the nature of our portfolio we had more time definite freight coming across from the Pacific into the United States as well, to add to Mike's comments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I just wanted to maybe talk about the guidance a little bit. So the full year is implying something in the high single-digit earnings growth range in Q4, which is meaningfully lower than what the current consensus has dialed in. So I was wondering if you could help us walk through some of the puts and takes we should be thinking about? It seems like it may be more on the cost side in terms of the incentive comp accruals, FX and possibly maybe a fuel headwind? So I was hoping you could help us walk through that.
Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Allison, it's Alan. And yes, you're pretty much right on there. As we continue to improve our financial performance it's important that we also improve our compensation programs. Our incentive compensation programs have not been funded at the target levels for quite a long time. And so we're trying to make sure that we have the right balance there so that will be a headwind. We had a significant benefit in quarter three from fuel. Given where oil prices are today, I don't expect to have much benefit at all in the fourth quarter and perhaps a slight headwind there. And Forex certainly is having an impact on our revenues, particularly our international domestic businesses and those that are profitable are translating into less profit. That's also a little bit of a headwind. So I think overall it's just an anomaly between Q3 and Q4. And I would encourage everybody to continue to think about the momentum that we have in our base business. I gave you for the first time that I can remember a projection for FY2016 that we will have again record earnings and of course we'll have a lot more to say about that when we talk to you at the end of the year.
Allison M. Landry - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Benjamin Hartford with Baird.
Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hey. Good morning. Just looking at GENCO and I'm interested in your perspective to what degree we should expect contribution in the fourth quarter and whether the fourth quarter contribution within the Ground segment for GENCO is representative of what we should think about the net profit contribution from that acquisition on an annualized basis. Can you provide some perspective there?
Henry J. Maier - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Ground: Ben, this is Henry Maier. Let me say a couple of things about GENCO. First of all, let me tell you about how they fit within the Ground portfolio. They are a leader in lifecycle management, particularly in the dispositioning of returns which is something that our e-commerce customers have asked us for, for some time. And as a result that that business plus their fulfillment and packaging capabilities for both business-to-business and business-to-consumer customers complement our portfolio. We think that there's significant transportation opportunities in their business. And looking at this acquisition going forward, we believe that it's a great add to the FedEx portfolio. In the near term, I would say that we've got probably 12 months to 18 months of integration facing us going forward. There will be some costs associated with that integration. We don't expect any of those to be material, but we've had them in the family here for about four weeks and I can tell you everything we've seen, we're more excited about this than we were even as we went through the process.
Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. If I can get a follow up in there. I mean is it fair to think that during that integration phase that you talked about the accretion is going to be minimal. But once we get beyond the integration phase 12 months to 18 months from now we should see clear accretion from the transaction from a profit perspective?
Henry J. Maier - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Ground: Yes.
Ben J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christian Wetherbee with Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Alan, just following up on your comments regarding the question on guidance. It sounds like you're suggesting fourth quarter is a little bit of an anomaly in terms of the rated growth. When you think about sort of the progress towards the profit improvement plan, are we still sort of sticking to the $1.2 billion run rate coming out of this year and then sort of a full $1.6 billion as we exit fiscal 2016? Just want to get a rough sense of maybe how we should be thinking about that progress towards the improvement plan?
Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: We're sticking with that. We're very confident at least where we are right now. We're watching a couple of things. Certainly we're watching the international economic picture, which we need to maintain about where it is and there are lot of wildcards out there in terms of Europe and China for example. But we have done a fabulous job on our cost. I think if you just take a look at Express and you see flat revenue and a huge improvement in operating profit, while some of that was fuel, a lot of that was improved productivity and great cost performance. So we have that going for us. And as I said, we have a lot of momentum. And so as of today we are on track.
Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me just add to that. Alan's right, our profit improvement is on track and it's on target. You can see in all of our numbers that the constrained growth of our expenses actually helped drive the 333 basis point improvement because overall revenue was flat for the quarter because of exchange in fuel surcharge.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks very much. I'm curious about in Ground, a two-part question. You mentioned B2B was also quite strong in addition to B2C, if you could address that. And then just in SmartPost, I think we're near the anniversary of the turnover of the customer. Could you speak to margins on that? Thanks.
Henry J. Maier - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Ground: Scott, this is Henry Maier. Our revenue in the third quarter was pretty strong both in B2B and B2C. We had an unusual peak this year. We were busy at the beginning, we were busy at the end; things were little light in the middle. We saw customers this year stay in SmartPost much longer than we've ever seen them stay in SmartPost before in a peak season. So I guess that would be my comments on that. I didn't hear the second part of the question. Was it concerning SmartPost?
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): SmartPost and the anniversary of the customer turnover and what you foresee in the quarters to come with regard to yield and volume. Thanks.
Henry J. Maier - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Ground: Let me just say this. The one customer that's been responsible for most of the revenue and volume impact at SmartPost has been in and out of that business. So I think, it's a little difficult to forecast where we go from here. I can tell you without that customer in the mix, SmartPost volumes grew 14% quarter over-quarter. So we're seeing pretty significant growth and strength in the core business there, and I think that's the way you need to think about it going forward.
Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We have an e-mail question from David Campbell of Thompson Davis. We have a substantially different scenario than last year with the West Coast port disruption and much lower fuel prices. Do these events change the company's view that air freight will grow much less than sea freight especially in the Trans-Pacific trade? I think that's really hard to see given the appreciation of the dollar against the number of the foreign currencies and lower fuel prices. I think on the margin obviously elasticities will make people use air more than they would have otherwise. But having said that, since the great recession, the big trend has been a de-coupling of world trade growth from world GDP growth, which prior to that time was about 2 times, 2.5 times GDP growth, and now it's actually on parity or a little bit lower. And then the third thing is the main thing that drives things that go by air versus sea is value per pound or perishability or something of that nature. And the reality is that most manufactured products are going down in terms of value per pound, particularly electronics, which account for about half of all the tonnage moved by air. So I don't think that things are going to change materially because of these things, but it could on the margin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie Capital.
Kelly A. Dougherty - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I just had actually two quick follow-ups on earlier ones. Alan, I think you said you're on track for that run rate of $1.2 billion by the end of this year. Can you give us a sense of how much you've already got in the bank, and maybe how much it is cost versus revenue linked? And then I guess the other one was just following up on peak, you guys obviously seem to have a pretty smooth time this year, I'm just wondering what it is about the individualities of the FedEx network that you think positions you well for what just looks like it's going to become a more peakier process going forward? Thanks.
Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Kelly, I'm pretty confident that we've got that between the fourth quarter and the first three quarters of FY 2016 that, that 75% is there. It's certainly different components than when we talked about it back in October of 2012. I think, it's been a little bit less on the volume side, but as Mike mentioned and I also mentioned, we've done a fabulous job with yield management, which has really helped. And I think if you again take a look at Express's results in the quarter they show that we can improve our profitability without a big volume growth rate, and that was one of the keys and that will be one of the keys next year as well. So pretty confident, and then I'll turn it over to Dave for his comments.
David J. Bronczek - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Express: Thanks, Kelly. It's a great question, and Alan is right on the profit improvement plan, we're right on track, very pleased with our results. Some of it did come in more expense than revenue quite frankly, but we're very pleased with that. But I loved your second part of your question, I want to take the time to thank our Express team that did a fabulous job, we think it might have been our best Christmas peak that we've ever had for service to our customers, and of course, the financial results came in right on top of it. So thanks for the question. Mike?
T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development & Corporate Communications: Kelly, let me make a couple of comments. I would characterize peak as anything, but smooth. We saw significant demand shift across the entire period with less specific demand on any given day such as Black Friday or cyber Monday, and that was a change in historical trends. Obviously we had labor issues on the ports that impacted retailers ability to get inventory where and when they needed it. Certainly that had an impact on our operations. As Henry noted before, we saw SmartPost usage continue further into the peak season than we have historically seen. Having said that, on that backdrop, there are a couple important points to make. The structure of our operations with separate air and ground networks provides us a very unique advantage. And our ability with our solutions team working with our operating companies and very closely with our customers did a phenomenal job adjusting our networks and operations to take advantage of the opportunities and provide outstanding service. So I would characterize it as a challenging peak with outstanding execution by our teams, which enabled us to deliver the results that we did.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Art Hatfield with Raymond James.
Art W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, good morning, everyone. Congrats on the quarter. Just, Fred, you've talked a lot lately about your concerns about this growing trend of protectionism around the world. Can you talk about that right now, if you've seen any sea change in the direction of that over the last six, nine months?
Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think protectionism over the last several years after the Great Recession has been very concerning. We have an email question here in a minute about this Open Skies dispute. And the letter that Dave Bronczek wrote, of course, we're very much in support of continuation of Open Skies, so I'll let him take that in a minute about this particular question. But I think you're seeing this in all kinds of areas, lots and lots of regulations, many of them promulgated in the name of security, non-tariff barriers, like more difficult customs clearance activities in various parts of the world. I think you're having a very, very difficult period for the trade negotiators. There's lots of talk about the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the Transatlantic Initiative, very vociferous opposition to even the Trade Promotion Authority that the President has had for many, many years of both parties. So the bottom line is trade since the end of World War II was liberalized largely because of the leadership of the United States of America, and that leadership in that sector has not been the same over the last several years as it has been in the past. We have a great USTR with Mike Froman and he's working hard. But to play a game you've got to have at least two players, and most of the people around the world are simply very, very resistant to further liberalization. They want to protect their industries, whether it's agriculture in Europe or certain of the emerging technologies in China. So further trade liberalization is very tough and lots of protectionist measures cropping up around the world for sure.
David J. Bronczek - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Express: I'll add to that. There's a question that came in from William Flinn at the Potomac. And the issue of Open Skies is the heart of his question. And of course, I wrote to several of the secretaries in the United States government talking about our view of Open Skies. And of course, our view is very simple. We believe in Open Skies and free trade, and we've been doing this for decades now. We base our whole business model on fifth and seventh freedoms, of course, it's Open Skies. We have of a lot of business in the Middle East, a lot of business in Asia, and around the world. And of course for us, competing in an Open Skies environment is critical for us and that's what our customers expect from us. So we believe it's in the best interest of the United States, certainly in FedEx's best interest. And I know the issue has been raging up in Washington as recently as yesterday. So that's our view of it. We'll post it online, my letter, but we've been in favor of Open Skies and free trade for decades.
Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: This is Alan. I have an e-mail question from Jay (30:20) at BNP Paribas on our capital plan and dividend policy. I should point out that we did continue our stock buyback during the quarter. We bought 400,000 shares back. We'll continue to do that to prevent dilution from compensation programs. Our capital plan remains steady as she goes. We're continuing our re-fleeting at Express, and we're continuing our expansion at Ground. So Ground's CapEx is substantial. It's needed to continue to build those beautiful automated hubs and satellites to handle the additional traffic that we're expecting. Ninety percent of what Ground spends is for growth. On the Express side, while we certainly aren't getting the benefit that we thought from fuel, that's okay. We're still getting a tremendous benefit from the 767s from maintenance and reliability, which are adding to Dave's productivity and doing a fabulous job for us. We'll have more to say about what the FY 2016 spend will be when we get there. We are taking advantage of the fact that we have bonus depreciation still and that's an important factor in our decision.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Donald Broughton with Avondale Partners.
Donald A. Broughton - Avondale Partners LLC: Good morning, everyone. Real quick, just focus on Freight, if you will. We saw two things. One, we saw the slowest growth rate in the Economy portion of Freight really since you started reporting it as a segment. Is there anything to be drawn from that change in the velocity of what customers are expecting? What do you see driving that?
T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development & Corporate Communications: Thank you, Donald. It's Mike Glenn. I wouldn't read too much into that. It's part of our strategy to balance our network with the right amount of volume and volume growth in shipments and yield management to deliver the type of results we're looking for. And we were quite pleased with the overall growth in mix during the quarter.
Donald A. Broughton - Avondale Partners LLC: Good. If I could just have one follow-up on that, can you give us a key on what you saw as core pricing? Obviously, fuel surcharge came down on a year-over-year basis significantly and sequentially pretty dramatically as well. Can you give us an idea of what the core pricing for Freight was?
T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development & Corporate Communications: I think the market continues to be strong. It's rational. Obviously, the capacity issues in the market are having an effect on that. So we think the pricing environment is strong and rational.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Research LLC: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. So not much International Priority growth, Osaka is ramping up, any potential for some more capacity cuts out of Asia? And then just one follow-up for Alan, your comments about the buybacks. So you took on more debt than you needed for GENCO. You've got $3.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Why not more aggressive buybacks, is there something else, acquisitions, that you're going to expect use of cash for?
David J. Bronczek - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Express: Hi, this is Dave Bronczek. I'll answer the first part of the question and then I'll give it to Alan. On the International side, the International IP box, which is very critical to us, actually had nice growth of 1.2%. Very important for us, IE, which is very positive for us now going forward, had a plus 4%. IPD actually had a plus 1.1%. So if you look across the board, and in fact, our domestic International businesses grew 7%, we're growing exactly where we want to in exactly the right networks that we have to produce the profits that we're showing. So we're very pleased with where we are.
Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: And this is Alan, Scott. And I would just tell you that I couldn't help myself. The rates were so good that we just decided demand being the size it was that we could salt away some 30-year and 50-year notes at rates of 4.1% and 4.5%, which is essentially free equity, and we felt it was the right thing to do. Not ruling out further larger buybacks at the moment, but at the moment we are just steadily buying back to prevent dilution.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Helane Becker with Cowen & Company.
Helane R. Becker - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks very much, operator. Hi, guys. Thanks for the time. Just on dimensional weight pricing, I was wondering if you could flesh that out a little more for us. Have you seen, you know, can you just talk about have you seen benefits on the cost side? And have cost benefited more than revenues? Or are you seeing exactly what you were thinking you would see? Are there any surprises? Maybe some meat to that bone would be helpful. Thanks.
T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development & Corporate Communications: Helane, this is Mike Glenn. I would say we haven't seen any surprises in terms of the response in the marketplace. One of the advantages again I'll say that we had is we gave the market six months notice of the change coming to allow them to adjust packaging as customers deemed appropriate. And as I mentioned before, we got a world-class packaging lab that worked with many customers to make adjustments to their packaging, and I think the market has responded to the pricing change well. As a reminder, dimensional weight pricing has been a staple of this industry for a long, long time, so this is not a new concept out there. Clearly it affects lighter weight packaging. So I would say in general the market has responded about the way we thought.
Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me add one thing to Mike's comment. We've highlighted this before, but e-commerce is inherently less cube-efficient than business-to-business traffic, and it's because the orders are pulled on a real-time basis and put into the array of packaging that's available as opposed to business-to-business packaging which is generally done in series production. So we have lots of photographs and stories that we could tell you about boxes that have 2 ounce or 3 ounce small device that just have incredibly bad cube to weight ratios. So what we really sell is cubic space almost all of our equipment cubes out before it weights out. There are a few exceptions to that. So for those of you who are environmentally concerned, the dimensional pricing is probably one of the most important environmental initiatives in corporate America because it incents people not to waste fuel to move air. And I think the point that Mike made there, we gave our customers lots of notice. We have absolutely the best in class packaging engineers, we work with our customers to make their packaging more efficient, more environmentally acceptable, and so we think this is a very good thing in many different ways.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Tom Kim - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Good morning. Thanks for the time. I wanted to ask a few – a question related to the Ground on the expense side in particular. We noticed a significant increase in labor, and I'm curious like how much of that is going to be recurring, i.e., like how much more elevated is that – really the cost structure structurally? And then with regard to other OpEx in Ground, there was another large increase in the third quarter. Again, can you just help us understand like how much of that is structurally elevated just because of the increased cost you need to meet the peakiness of the peak season, and how much of that is or how much of that's actually recurring that we can anticipate in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
Henry J. Maier - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Ground: Tom, this is Henry Maier. Most of that expense is the addition of temporary staff to handle the volume we see at peak. Likewise with the rentals, that's facilities. We had a lot of annexes during peak which are temporary. We use them for a month or two, and then we basically shut them down, and give them back to the landlord. So I would say that the majority of that is not reoccurring. However, we've talked about this before on the call. I mean, the purchased transportation rates in the industry right now are higher than what we've seen mainly due to the driver shortage. So we expect that to be ongoing until this – until the market rights itself.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Wadewitz with UBS.
Thomas Wadewitz - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning. Alan, I wanted to see if you could give us a little further perspective on incentive comp, and whether that might be – it sounded like it was a bit of a headwind in third quarter. Is that a greater headwind as you look to fourth quarter or is it a similar headwind? And then in terms of one for Mike Glenn on the pricing. Your primary competitor obviously had some challenges in peak season, and has talked about peak season surcharges. Is that something you think you would embrace, or do think there is some benefit to your pricing environment from some of the evidence of challenges your competitor has had? Thank you.
Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Tom, this is Alan. On incentive comp, probably a little bit more of a headwind in Q4. Actually when we really true up everything for the year, we'll know exactly where we are. And since we are on a fairly steep slope in terms of how much we add or subtract to our AIC compared to what our business plan and our financial objectives are, I think it's going to have a little bit bigger impact in Q4. It will certainly help us as we go through our FY 2016 business plan. The closer to target that we can get this year, the lesser the headwind it will be for 2016. We'll talk about that next time as well, so it's been a long time. I think we're doing the right balancing act here.
T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development & Corporate Communications: Tom, this is Mike Glenn. As I mentioned before, I think our sales, revenue management and our operations folks did an outstanding job during peak season working with our customers. That's one of our key strengths is being able to match capacity with demand. And we did an outstanding job of doing that during the peak season. Clearly, we monitor market conditions, customer needs and our operational costs relative to peak. And certainly, we're going to make the necessary adjustments to ensure our pricing accurately reflects the service that we provide, but this is really a customer-by-customer issue. And we do not discuss customer-specific pricing.
Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: This is Fred Smith speaking. Let me put a little bit of color on this AIC thing that Alan has mentioned a couple of times. I mentioned in my opening remarks that our culture is unique. I think it's important for the people that follow FedEx to understand we have over 30,000 management folks that are participants in the AIC program and we have 225,000 other team members who participate in incentive compensation, so in this fourth quarter, based on the business plan which we put together last spring, we put some stretch objectives in there. People are knocking it out of the park, so this is a very good thing as we go into FY 2016 that people are going to earn some of this incentive compensation. So I think that's a bit misunderstood on the part of a lot of people and certainly the size and scope of the participants is. This isn't like a financial, just a top management incentive program. It's very broadly based inside FedEx and it's one of the big parts of our culture.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bascome Majors with Susquehanna Financial.
Bascome Majors - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yes, the post office continues to target the e-commerce market with pricing in Priority Mail, and at the same time, they're raising the rates you pay for last mile delivery at SmartPost. Was just curious what impact has their pricing had on your ability to grow Ground volumes and raise Ground pricing? And if you could give us a bit of an update on your efforts to have the regulators take a look at some of the cross-subsidies from Monopoly Mail perhaps supporting their pricing strategy in these competitive businesses?
T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development & Corporate Communications: This is Mike Glenn again. As we've talked about before, the Postal network is a much different network than the FedEx network. They operate much smaller vehicles and there are significant differences in the networks. They tend to target lighter-weight packaging that has much lower yields, which is not necessarily the target of our initiatives. So I would just point to our results during the quarter. We had a very strong quarter, not only in volume and revenue growth, but also bottom-line performance. So we're quite pleased with where we sit relative to the competition.
Christine P. Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary: This is Chris Richards. We monitor the changes with the Postal pricing. But as you're well aware, there's been a lot of stress on the Postal Service over the last decade or so and they are facing a network situation where their vehicles are not designed for moving packages and they have obviously been addressing some services concerns. Just a reminder, our express company moves the bulk of the Priority Mail shipments as a part of our Postal contract. They are a wonderful customer. And we are pleased to continue that relationship. We are also a significant customer of theirs through the SmartPost service. So we watch what they're doing on the regulatory side and continue to evaluate our options depending upon which direction they choose to go with respect to the changes in their network.
Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me just add a little bit more color on this e-commerce segment. The vast majority of e-commerce shipments are very lightweight, less than five pounds. In fact the top two or three e-commerce shippers, 85% of their shipments are less than five pounds. And many of them are very poor cubed weight because of the nature of the type of traffic. The Postal Service's very dense delivery network is very suited to delivery of those types of packages, particularly since the majority of them, the vast majority of them are residential deliveries. So as long as the Postal Service stays focused on that segment, I think they're going to do very, very well. I think as you get into the higher weights, diseconomies of scale come in. The second point I'd like to make because this is a big source of confusion in the marketplace, a very, very large percentage of the e-commerce packages that are delivered by the Postal Service are originated by FedEx SmartPost and UPS SurePost. And there is a double-counting to some degree of those packages when people talk about Postal Service growth rates versus UPS and FedEx. So you really have to get rid of that static before you can see the real signals in the marketplace.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William Jeffrey Greene - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, hi there. Good morning. I have a question for Fred. Fred, you've probably seen some of these articles in some of the business magazines that talk about Uber and how it's potentially a threat to the FedEx business model. And I realize today they're no threat whatsoever, but they talk about it as a potential blind spot. So can you talk a little bit about how you think about this technology and what you can do to make sure it doesn't become a blind spot for FedEx as that technology evolves?
Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: There's a great country and western song called I Was Country Before Country Was Cool. We were Uber before Uber was there in our Custom Critical. Custom Critical is a business that moves things from point A to point B as fast as you possibly can. And it's done with in essence an app, but mostly through voice connections. And we also have, I think it's in 23 markets now, FedEx Same-Day City, which is a part of the FedEx Office operating unit. So the demand for moving things same day or from one point to another as fast as possible in the goods moving business is a much smaller market than the business of moving things that are processed during the day, boxed and shipped on the circadian pattern that we all live by, go to work at eight, come home at five. A huge part of the e-commerce marketplace, for instance, are orders that are processed after 8:00 PM in the evening until midnight. So Uber is a great company and a great concept. I use Uber. And I had occasion to use it up in Cincinnati not long ago while I was up there and it's terrific. And I think where the shoe fits, there's certainly some demand for moving a package across town in Uber or Lyft or the taxi services that have been in business for a long time have been able to do that, or some of the local same-day businesses. But I think there's just an urban mythology out there that the app somehow changes the basic cost input of the logistics business or changes the circadian patterns or the underlying business situation, and that's just incorrect. So great company, great concept, but I don't think it's likely to be a major player in the logistics business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Ross with Stifel.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Question on FedEx Freight, so specifically on the quarter, what was the reason that there was a big increase in maintenance and repairs expense while D&A declined? But more longer term, Mike, you've been a couple months now at the head. Is there anything you're looking to do differently, or could you see anything that you think you can improve given your prior experience at the company given fresh eyes on FedEx Freight?
Michael L. Ducker - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Freight: On the maintenance and repair expense, that's more a quarter-over-quarter impact than anything else. And as we bring on the new equipment into the business, it will have a positive effect on the maintenance expense. Overall, I think we're on a pretty darn good track. We're balancing our revenue growth and we're gaining penetration on the small and medium customer base. Our service levels were good during the quarter, so I think we're on a very good track now. In terms of different things that I see, we're going to continue to focus on those things. Profitable growth in the business is one of our main drivers. So for right now, I think we're on a good course.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Barnes with RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my call. In terms of the dimensional pricing, you talked a little bit about trying to influence shippers' decisions on packaging and maybe better aligning it with the size of the actual product. Can you talk a little bit about how much capacity do you feel can be freed up in your network as you roll this dimensional pricing out? And what does that mean for the long-term capital spending outlook for the network?
Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: That's a pretty thin limb that I don't know that I want to go out on in terms of speculating exactly what the ultimate impact of dimensional weight pricing will be. Clearly, as I said, we've seen a lot of customers that have made nice changes in their packaging to reduce the size and footprint and that certainly will have an impact, but it'd be very difficult to forecast exactly the impact of that.
Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me make just an editorial comment about the issue of cube and environmental concerns and so forth. The biggest single thing that could be done in this country that would help the environment and improve the productivity of our logistics system would be for the federal government to change the limit of the twin trailers used by the Ground parcel and LTL industries from 28 feet per trailer to 33 feet per trailer, and that gives about 18% more cube. The trailers, both in the Ground parcel and the LTL business, cube out long before they weight out. So there is absolutely no requirement to increase the gross weight of the rigs, which is controversial because it increases maintenance expense and the wear and tear on bridges and so forth. So if that were to happen and I think there's a good chance that it will if the highway bill passes at some point, which is very difficult given the resistance to increasing the gas tax to fund the highway bill, but you get an immediate increase in productivity and a system that's much more suited to today's e-commerce world than the old 28-foot trailers. We've tested them. There have been studies. They're safer. They reduce accidents by the hundreds if they were adopted by the industry, millions and millions, tens of millions of gallons of fuel and lower emissions. So we're very hopeful that the Congress will pass that shortly. And it's supported by the entire industry, UPS, FedEx, all the LTL carriers. It's a really big deal, on point to the question you just asked.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays Capital.
Brandon Robert Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Good morning, everyone, congrats on the quarter and thanks for getting the question in. Alan, a two-part one, and one cheap. First, is there any way to quantify the fuel benefit in the quarter? And then I think more importantly, you guys said that you're on track to get the $1.2 billion of improvement this year at Express. So if I look at fiscal 2013, which was about $1.2 billion for the full year, should you be close to $2.4 billion in EBIT even before improvement in fiscal 2016? Is that the right math right now?
Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: We've always said it's a running rate. It's a going out running rate, so we'll see – you'll see Q4 and then the first three quarters of next year, you'll see it. And then when we get to the end of 2016, we'll have the running rate to complete the program. And as I said earlier, I'm pretty comfortable with that. What was your first question, Brandon?
Brandon Robert Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Is there any way to quantify the fuel benefit in the quarter?
Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Yes, there is, but significant is all you're going to get from me.
Brandon Robert Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, I had to try. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you and good morning, gentlemen. Alan, you briefly touched on this about the aircraft replacement at Express and how you're getting the benefit from maintenance and then what have you, but you're not quite getting the fuel benefit because of lower fuel prices. I'm curious. In this low fuel price environment, are you thinking about deferring some of the newer aircraft given the drop in fuel prices, or is it still full steam ahead? And also are your Hoosiers ready to make a deep run in the NCAA tournament?
Alan B. Graf - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: I do not have the Hoosiers in the Sweet 16. No. We've looked at it and we're still very pleased. Dave's going to add a little bit to this, but we're going to get five more 767s this quarter. Next year, I'll give you a little bit of expectation, while our maintenance expenses have been up significantly this year, they are going to be down in 2016 as a result of this plan. And so that's a very important part of our profit improvement program. Dave?
David J. Bronczek - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Express: That's right, Alan. We see the maintenance improving. You'll see it improve in the fourth quarter and then you'll see it into 2016. The reliability is outstanding for these airplanes. It's part of our profit improvement pillar. It's been outstanding and there is fuel savings as well, it's just not as much when the fuel price is $42 a barrel.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Buckingham Research.
Jeff A. Kauffman - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thank you very much and congratulations, guys. I'm just happy Indiana made the tournament, but like Alan, I don't have them in my bracket. Question bigger picture, you talked about the changing nature of the holiday season shipments. And now we're in our second year of this being a different shipping pattern for customers. You talked about the protectionism on the international markets. When you look at the business, if you were to put the four-year plan in place today, let's say we got a new plan to replace the 2012 plan and you're thinking about the capital investment that you need to make for the next four years, how is that shifting given some of the changes that you've seen over the last two years to three years since you put the plan out?
Frederick W. Smith - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: This is Fred Smith. Let me give you a little bit of our management philosophy here. And that is, we don't know what's going to be the case five and 10 years down the road. So the decisions that we make, we try to be able to play a lot of different ways depending on what the situation is. A good example is, when we decided that we needed to replace the MD-11, we bought the 777 as opposed to bigger airplanes. And why is that important? Because it can go any place and to any market and it can also operate domestically as efficiently as it operates internationally. That's not true of the bigger planes. The second thing is that despite the protectionism issues, we believe that the strategies that we have developed will allow us to increase earnings because we think we have better mousetraps or differentiated services which allow us to take market share that we can continue to grow even in a low-growth environment. So we're very optimistic about FedEx, while we might not be particularly optimistic about the political landscape around the world, those are two different things. And our management team has taken it as a challenge to develop strategies that work in both high-growth and low-growth environments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Schoonmaker with Morningstar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Research: Thanks. Ground improved margins slightly from the prior year despite some conditions that challenged others. Based on this, do you have plan to expand sort of unconventional delivery methods like lockers or access points or based on the solid margins you're able to sustain, are such other methods not really necessary at this point to contend with costly B2C deliveries?
T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development & Corporate Communications: Clearly as e-commerce continues to grow, there's going to be need for alternative delivery or pickup. And we're currently testing lockers in the Dallas-Fort Worth market. We've got a couple in the Memphis market. We've got some other solutions in place that we're looking at. As omni-channel certainly becomes more important in terms of an e-commerce strategy, I think you're going to see an increase in pickup at the store, pickup at alternative locations, potentially pickup at lockers. And we're analyzing and investing and testing all of those forms with our customers. So we're pretty comfortable with where we sit and some of the opportunities that we have to be able to handle the growth going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Vernon with Bernstein.
Vitaly Nesterenko - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning. This is Vitaly Nesterenko for David Vernon. If you can, give a little bit of color on GENCO acquisition. So we're particularly interested in why the integration might take 12 to 18 months and also if you can give some – elaborate a little bit on what we should expect on GENCO standalone financials. Thanks a lot.
Henry J. Maier - President & Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Ground: The short answer is that the integration is going to take 12 months to 18 months because the most important thing with respect to the integration is that we continue to run this business successfully over that period of time. There's a lot of moving parts here. Obviously there's IT, there's any number of things that we have to look at here. So that's just what we believe it's going to take. I would tell you that we're four weeks into this. It's always possible that when we get a little bit deeper into the process, we may find opportunities here to streamline that and get it done sooner. But based on what we know here today, that's the range I'm willing to give you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'll turn the conference back to Mickey Foster for any closing remarks.
Mickey Foster - Vice President - Investor Relations: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-12-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster – VP of IR Fred Smith – Chairman and CEO Mike Glenn – President & CEO FedEx Services Alan Graf – EVP & CFO Dave Bronczek – President & CEO FedEx Express Henry Maier – President & CEO of FedEx Ground Bill Logue - President and CEO of FedEx Freight
Analysts: Robert Salmon - Deutsche Bank Nate Brochmann - William Blair Ben Hartford - Robert Baird Chris Wetherbee – Citigroup Ken Hoexter – BofA Merrill Lynch Kelly Dougherty – Macquarie Capital Scott Schneeberger – Oppenheimer & Co. Jack Atkins - Stephens Art Hatfield - Raymond James Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners Scott Group – Wolfe Research Allison Landry – Credit Suisse Bill Greene – Morgan Stanley Tom Wadewitz - UBS Brandon Oglenski – Barclays Capital David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus  Thomas Kim – Goldman Sachs Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research  David Vernon – Sanford C. Bernstein
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation second quarter fiscal year 2015 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. The earnings release and our 26-page stat book are on our website at FedEx.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for about 1 year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our Q&A session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. If you're listening to the call through our live webcast, feel free to submit your question via e-mail or as a message on stocktwits.com. For example, please include your full name and contact information with your question and send it to our IR@fedex.com address. To send a question via stocktwits.com, please be sure to include $FedEx in the message. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at FedEx.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO, Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services, Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO, Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express, Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground, and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight.  And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of results for the second quarter of fiscal 2015.  FedEx posted strong results and a higher operating margin with earnings up year over year 36% per share with continued growth in volumes and base yields in our transportation segments. Results also were positively affected by the benefits from our ongoing FedEx Express profit improvement program which is on track. We expect revenue and earnings growth to continue into the third quarter and the remainder of 2015, driven by ongoing improvements in the results of our transportation segments.  As we enter the final stages of this year’s peak shipping season, I’d like to thank the more than 300,000 dedicated team members around the world for again delivering outstanding service to FedEx customers during the holidays. We’re very pleased with our plans for two transformative acquisitions announced earlier this week that will expand existing service offerings in the retail, ecommerce and international markets. Mike Glenn will provide additional details in his remarks on these acquisitions.  Before turning the call over to Mike and Alan Graf, I would like to recognize Bill Logue, our long term colleague and business partner who is retiring as President and CEO of FedEx Freight on December 31. Mike Ducker, a 40-year veteran of FedEx and currently Chief Operating Officer of FedEx Express will succeed Bill and he is here today as well.  After 25 years of distinguished service to FedEx, Bill leaves with our gratitude, our support, our friendship and best wishes for a long and healthy future. Mike Glenn?
Mike Glenn: Thank you, Fred and good morning. First, I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate Fred’s comments and thank our team members as they work around the clock to deliver the holidays for customers worldwide. The dedication of our team members combined with the investments that we have made in our networks have allowed us to deliver outstanding results despite weather and all the challenges that we encounter during the holiday season.  While we are still in the heart of peak season, there are several trends and developments that are affecting the season, including labor issues at the West Coast ports that have affected productivity and impacted retailers’ ability to get inventory where it’s needed and when it is needed. This issue has impacted our operations as we’ve made adjustments to capacity in key markets to support our customers facing these ongoing port slowdowns.  In some situations, the slowdowns have caused unexpected shifts in retail and etail customer needs in certain markets and we put limits on customer volumes in order to ensure we meet our service commitments. Despite these challenges and significant weather events during the peak season both in the Northeast and on the West Coast, I am proud to report that we’ve been able to maintain outstanding levels of service across our networks.  We’ve already delivered multiple days this peak season that ranked among the busiest in the history of the company and our service levels have been terrific.  Also, I want to briefly discuss the two acquisitions that were announced this week that are transformative in terms of the FedEx portfolio of ecommerce and supply chain solutions. GENCO is one of the largest third-party logistics providers in North America. They have a broad range of product lifecycle and supply chain services that will significantly expand our portfolio, including a market leading position in returns, test and repair, remarketing and product liquidation. GENCO processes more than 600 million return items annually from many of the world’s leading brands.  In Bongo International, we’ve acquired a leader in global cross-border ecommerce technology and solutions. Bongo’s technology and processes provide a comprehensive end to end solution that helps retailers and etailers grow by reaching international ecommerce consumers. Bongo is delivering cross-border enablement solutions to a base of more than 2000 retailers to more than 200 countries worldwide. These acquisitions will transform our global portfolio through the addition of new best-in-class ecommerce and supply chain management solutions.  Moving on to our overall economic outlook, the fundamentals of the US economy continue to improve and expectation is for real GDP growth to average around 3% for the next several quarters. Our US GDP forecast is 3.1% for calendar ‘15 and we expect industrial production to grow at 3.9% in calendar ’15.  Global economic growth is expected to broaden with the US leading and emerging markets picking up. We expect global growth of 3% in calendar ’15.  Now let me make a couple of comments regarding the company's yield performance by segment. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express domestic package yields declined slightly by 0.4%. While we experienced a positive impact from rate and discount, it was more than offset by a lower weight per package due to an increase in e-commerce and telecommunications traffic.  In the ground segment, yield per package excluding Smart Post increased 3.3% year-over-year, excluding the fuel surcharge, driven primarily by rate and discount. For Smart Post, yield increased 7.8% year-over-year without fuel, which was driven by a change in customer mix.  In the international export segment, excluding fuel, yield per package increased 0.7% which again was driven by a product mix and rate and discount. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per shipment increased 2.3% at FedEx Freight. The increase was driven by rate and discount and changes in weight per shipment.  And now I’ll turn it over to Alan Graf. 
Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. We had a spectacular second quarter as our earnings per share grew 36% to $2.14. Corporate margin rose 120 basis points year-over-year to 8.5%. Revenue grew 5% to $11.9 billion from increased volumes and generally higher base yields, which drove a significant increase in earnings for each of our transportation segments.  At Express, Q2 operating income increased 36% and operating margin increased 170 basis points year-over-year, driven by the revenue growth in our US and international export business, cost management related to the profit improvement program and lower pension expense.  US domestic volumes increased 7% in Q2 driven by both overnight and deferred service offerings. And international export volumes increased 2%. The net impact of fuel had only a slight benefit to operating income. Maintenance and repairs expense increased 16% due to the timing of aircraft maintenance events. Operating expense growth was favourably impacted by the profit improvement actions at Express.  Turning to ground, segment revenues increased 8% due to volume and yield growth at ground and yield growth at Smart Post, partially offset by lower volumes at Smart Post. Average daily volume at ground increased 5% and operating income increased 6% driven by higher revenue per package and the volume increase. Higher network expansion costs partially offset the increase in operating income as we continued to invest in the high margin higher ROIC growing ground businesses.  Freight had another great quarter with 35% higher operating income and operating margin up 130 basis points year-over-year. Higher less-than truckload revenue per shipment and higher average daily LTL shipments drove operating income and margin higher. Average LTL shipments increased daily 8% and revenue increased 11% year-over-year.  I want to speak a little about our fuel surcharge and our fuel surcharge tables. FedEx regular reviews its fuel surcharge tables and will update certain tables at Express, Ground, and Freight effective February 2, 2015.  While second quarter results benefitted slightly year-over-year from the net impact of fuel, due to lower fuel prices this year versus last, the year-over-year reduction in fuel surcharge revenue largely offset the benefit of the lower fuel prices.  Understanding the net year-over-year impact to fuel on our results involves three key considerations: timing lags and adjustments to our fuel surcharges; the structure of the fuel surcharge tables and the manner in which we purchase fuel.  Our fuel surcharges for Express and Ground incorporate a timing lag of approximately 6 to 8 weeks before they are adjusted for changes in fuel prices. For example, fuel surcharge index in effect at Express in November was set based on September fuel prices. Additionally, the structure of the fuel surcharge tables for Express and Ground does not adjust for direct changes in fuel price but allows for the fuel surcharge revenue charge to your customers to remain unchanged as long as fuel prices remain within certain bands.  Finally, we purchase fuel under our contractual arrangements tied to various indices around the world. Approximately 75% of our jet fuel is purchased based on the index price for the preceding week with the remainder of our purchases tied to the index for the preceding month, rather than based on daily spot rates. While the daily spot price of jet fuel declined almost 30% from the end of August to the end November, the average monthly price we paid for jet fuel under our contractual arrangements did not change by a corresponding amount. As a result, the average price per gallon for jet fuel in Q2 only declined 8% quarter over quarter or 10% year-over-year.  Collectively, these three considerations affect the net impact of fuel on our results in the short term. An expanded discussion of the net impact of fuel is available in our first quarter 10-Q and will also be available in the second quarter 10-Q when filed tomorrow.  Turning now to the outlook. Based on the economic outlook that Mike outlined, we reaffirm our FY15 earnings-per-share forecast of $8.50 to $9. The outlook assumes continued moderate economic growth and modest net benefit from fuel. We expect revenue and earnings growth to continue for the rest of the year as moderate global economic growth drives volume and yield. Our results could be constrained by the funding of incentive compensation programs.  Our FY15 results will continue to benefit from the profit improvement programs and will also benefit from lower pension expense.  In closing, I would like to thank all of our team members for their hard work and dedication during our very busy peak season. I'm very proud to be part of such an amazing team. We will open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Robert Salmon with Deutsche Bank.
Robert Salmon: Alan, perhaps you could elaborate a little bit more in terms of the ground margins. What caused the contraction in the second quarter? It looks like other expense was a little bit higher than we are anticipating. I'm sure also the Cyber week as well as the investments played out. And then with regard to the Genco acquisition, can you give us a sense if there's any revenue synergy opportunities? It looks like they managed about – got visibility into about 3.5 billion related to small package spend. How much of that is currently being managed by -- is currently running through FedEx versus other competitors?
Henry Maier: Hi Robert, this is Henry Maier. Q2 margins declined slightly due to investments in our network, many of which were in preparation for peak. The calendar this year was the same as last year. There’s only one more shopping day between Black Friday and Christmas Eve. Many of these peak related investments are driven by what customers tell us they think their volumes will be during the holiday season. So most of what you're seeing in margin decline is the result of short-term investments we make for peak. Now let me say this. Once peak ends, we will share [ph] this cost as quickly as we possibly can and we remain committed to high teens margins in the ground segment.
Alan Graf : As to the Genco question, of course there are revenue synergies. We love this acquisition for all the reasons that Mike outlined and for that fact, and we are excited, can’t wait to get it closed and get it working for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair. 
Nate Brochmann : Alan, maybe just to follow up on the Genco acquisition. And I might be a little bit misplaced on this but I recall back in the day of you guys kind of saying that you didn't really want to get that deep into inventory logistics management. And I certainly have known the Genco guys for a while and I think they bring a great asset to your organization, kind of probably fill a gap. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit in terms of just strategically where the thinking lies in terms of what Genco brings to you, and maybe what other gaps you might look at in terms of your overall logistics framework in terms of where the market is moving and why that’s so valuable?
Fred Smith: This Fred Smith speaking and I am going to turn it over to Mike Glenn. In years past we were not particularly enamored of the so-called 3PL business because it was a relatively low margin business that saw a lot of loss of contracts on the first renewal. It was more of a commodity type of business and one of the big sales pitches of a lot of 3PLs was that they were carrier agnostic in terms of the transport system that they used. What of course has happened over the decades since we expressed those remarks is the entire logistics and retailing sector has changed particularly with the emergence of e-commerce and the empowered consommé [ph] with mobile phones and electronic devices that allow them to order and move their shipments around.  So the attractive part of Genco was that it had sailed directly with those wins into the market leadership in the reverse logistics space and with the substantial market presence that we have particularly with FedEx Ground and FedEx Smart Post in that sector, it was just a natural fit. So our view about that business in the main hasn’t particularly changed but world has changed. And this was really a great fit, the culture was a perfect, the management team is terrific, very high ROIC asset light which complements some of our more capital intensive businesses and Herb Shear and his team has just done a great job of building this business over the years and we’re just very happy to get it and that’s the reason that we changed our opinion about the business and it's also why we were very very careful in getting the right candidate that fit all those criteria that I just mentioned. Mike?
Mike Glenn: I just had a couple comments. Genco’s expertise in infrastructure and targeted verticals and specifically in technology, healthcare and retail all complement the FedEx portfolio of services and those have been industry segments we’ve been interested in for a long, long time. In my opening remarks, I mentioned that Genco processes more than 600 million return items annually and that's a critical decision criteria when developing relationships with our e-commerce customers. I don’t have to tell this group that returns in the e-commerce segment are more important issue than they are in a typical retail channel, represent a larger percentage of overall sales. So it's critical we have these capabilities and as Fred mentioned Genco is the perfect partner.
Henry Maier: This is Henry Maier. Can I just add something here at the end? Genco is a company that we have admired for many years. Culture is, we believe, a perfect alignment with the FedEx culture as Fred and Mike have said they have an excellent management team. And like FedEx Ground, Genco was proud to call Pittsburgh home and I think this just reinforces our commitment to the region. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Hartford with Robert Baird.
Ben Hartford : Just looking for a little bit of perspective on the 4Q peak, and how you may or may not be benefiting from some of the tightness that we’re seeing in that Asia to US land. Maybe you can just walk through, just the puts and takes, I understand the capacity has been tight out of key gateways out of Asia, leading up to recent weeks. You talked about some of the limits on customer volumes that you’d implemented, so I imagine load factors are high. But I'm curious to what extent you are able to participate in the strength in the spot market as it relates to pricing with some of the volumes against potentially having to pay more for third party capacity into that context, as well as if you could provide some perspective there? And then also maybe speak to how you see the transpacific market developing in 2015 given this volatility that we’re seeing in this year’s peak, is it episodic or is it something that can be more sustained? 
Dave Bronczek: Yes, hi, this is Dave Bronczek. First of all, we are able to participate quite a lot. We have extra sections that we can fly into Asia. We've done that consistently through the months now in December. We've seen a lot of demand quite frankly that has come along because of what Mike pointed out on the port issue in Long Beach. So yes we have tight capacity but we’re able to manage our capacity globally because of our extra sections that we can put in. So I would say that from a perspective -- from Express’ point of view we’ve been very very successful in managing through this. 
Mike Glenn: I would add just a couple of comments on peak in general. I think we've seen some shifts here that will be positives for the long haul and that is demand is really shifting more towards the entire peak season rather than on specific days. I'm sure you've noticed that the Black Friday and Cyber Monday events have become more of weeklong events to really de-pressurize those days a bit and I think those are challenges that that e-commerce companies and retailers are working through but I think will be a positive impact on the peak season overall going forward.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. Again just one more thing to add to what Mike said. We’re seeing strong demand obviously through December. It's been more rational though it’s been spread out. The volumes have been strong but our service has been outstanding. We've had good weather to go along with it but I just wanted to make that point as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee : I was just wondering if maybe you could give a little bit more color of sort of what the benefit of the profit improvement was in the quarter, and maybe sort of order of magnitude relative to the benefit, I think that you said was slight from fuel within Express and then just thinking sort of on that Express note as you look into fiscal third-quarter, Alan, would you expect sort of what we have seen with this continued step-down in jet fuel prices to provide in a bigger benefit to the third quarter, is it being – if you can add [ph] a little bit more in line with the type of benefit you saw in fiscal 2Q?
Dave Bronczek: Well let me start off. This is Dave Bronczek again. Our profit improvement plan is working, it’s on tract, our management team is successfully executing, I am very very proud of them. Along with the profit improvement, our service has been outstanding as well. I wanted to make that point to our management team. But from a profit improvement perspective, in Q2 fuel had a slight positive to FedEx Express. I know many of you had written that our profits for the quarter would be very high relatively speaking and they are – we’re up 36%, 170 basis points but only a slight improvement in fuel that went along with that. And when you think about it, our expenses were only up 1% for the quarter -- and for the quarter and our volumes were up 7% in the US, 2% internationally, and as Mike pointed our yields were all up. So our profit improvement plan is really driving most of our success.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. I think we’re continuing to do exactly what we described we were going to do. The revenue outlook at Express particularly in the domestic business is very good because services are still outstanding. Our costs at Express are significantly prominently lower than they would have been had we not done the profit improvement program, and those are going to carry through throughout. We haven't backfilled one person and don't intend to. So it’s steady as she goes. We’re exactly where we told you we would be when we had our fourth quarter earnings call for the year and we will just continue sailing.  As far as fuel as I said, very little improvement for the year as a result of fuel based on where our new fuel surcharge tables will be and where we think fuel will be. So we’re getting in from the old-fashioned way which is good solid service and unbelievable cost management. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter: Can you talk about the scale of the ground investments? Were these a surprise addition or do you expect margins to deteriorate in your prior outlook on a year-over-year basis? And then can you delve into the incentive comp commentary and what that's expected to impact margins as we go forward?
Henry Maier: Ken, this is Henry Maier. I mean concerning the ground margins, there is nothing unusual here. I mean we plan for peak every year, it’s a 12 month exercise. We start working with customers in August based on what they tell us they are going to need in terms of capacity for the peak season. We make peak investments accordingly. The rest of this is just normal network investments for organic growth.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. I would also say that – reference back to what Mike said, looks like peak is more spread out than in years past. So while we had a great November at Ground, it was a little bit lower than we had planned for and we put in all that peak planning cost and everything. So it had a little bit of an impact and as we noted, Smart Post is down year-over-year because of one customer. So we’re very happy with where ground is. It’s going to continue to have a great year and a great next year. 
Mike Glenn: We have an email question coming in from William Flinn from Potomac, and the question is - in the second quarter, Freight revenues were up 11% and operating income was up 45%; how much of this excellent execution was due to yield initiatives versus market share gains? We did have an excellent quarter at FedEx Freight and I am particularly proud of the collaboration between our sales and marketing team and the freight operations team. We spent a lot of time working to make sure that we get the right amount of traffic in the network at the right yields. And the answer to the question is the combination of both. We continue to take share in the segment. Due to our industry-leading value proposition and our sales team is executing crisply and I need to mention our pricing team as well, they've done a phenomenal job working with our sales and operations team to make sure that we’re getting the traffic in at the right yields to ensure that drops to the bottom line. So it's a terrific quarter for Freight. We’re very proud of that, we’re very proud of the collaboration we have with the Freight team. 
Bill Logue: I will jump in; this is Bill. And again as Mike said, we’re very pleased with the quarter, up 35% in OI and we’ve seen some great performance in the revenue quality area and commitments from all the sales team, our pricing team and partners. So that’s very encouraging going forward. And again the ops team continue to do a great job in the frontline service to our employees – to our customers and that’s where we’re seeing outstanding continued growth in our business. So we’re very pleased with the quarter.
Mike Glenn: And let me correct I read the question as submitted, it said operating income was up 45%, as Bill noted, it was actually up 35%. But I read the question as submitted.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie. 
Kelly Dougherty : Hi, thanks for taking the question. After your last call you announced plans for a buyback that seems primarily to offset the dilution. So can you help us think about plans to return more capital to shareholders especially as your free cash flow ramps or maybe now that it seems to be you're in more of an acquisitive mode. That buyback is a return of capital and may take a backseat to that at least for the time being? 
Alan Graf: This is Alan. We are going to continue to buy back shares. We will probably do at a lower pace than we did when we did the initial one. We’re certainly going to at least prevent dilution from our comp programs. We may or may not go further than that. We also review our dividend at the end of every fiscal year with our board and you should not assume that the Genco and Bongo acquisitions only way we’re going to change that because we have plenty of cash flow to go around to solve both of those issues. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger : Thanks, good morning. Could you address in the Freight segment some of the puts and takes in the quarter, specifically with regard to the margin and how you see that developing over the back half of the year? 
Bill Logue: Yes, Scott, this is Bill. Again, good quarter up 35% on the operating income and in the quarter we took a well deserved pay increase in October for our frontline teams, so between that and other compensations and healthcare costs, that was a pretty big headwind on our numbers and we still came back with a 35% improvement. So again we're pretty excited about that and going forward we'll have a little bit of headwind in Q3, Q4 from the October pay increases but again we're still very excited about where we're going here in the second half. 
Operator: Next question comes from Jack Atkins with Stephens. 
Jack Atkins : Great. Thanks for the time this morning guys. I guess this question is for Fred or Dave. I'd be curious to get your thoughts on how the lower oil prices that we've seen over the past couple of months will impact international air freight demand especially if we see a period of sustained low fuel costs. Do you think that's going to help drive increased demand for your higher yielding more time sensitive services in the portfolio? 
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave. Absolutely. We do believe that's correct. We've positioned our global powerful network around the world with exactly the right infrastructure, we have the 777s of course that are now flying non-stop out of Asia Pacific and around the world. So we think that the decrease in oil is going to have an increase in customers demand for higher yielding products. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Art Hatfield with Raymond James. 
Art Hatfield : Good morning everyone and Bill, good luck in your retirement. Just to go back to the ground margins and Alan, I think you commented that November while strong didn't live up to kind of what you thought it would. Is that a function of customers just didn't hit the level of demand they thought or is it a timing issue where some of that actually got pushed into December? 
Henry Maier: Art, it’s Henry Maier. I guess I'd answer that both. November volumes were softer than our expectations but you need to know that this is not at all unusual in this new ecommerce economy. Over the last several peak seasons we have regularly observed situations where volume hasn't always come where we expected it or come when we expected it but one thing has been certain, it always comes. 
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. Let me put a little color on an issue that I think has been underreported and I suspect you're going to hear a lot more about in January when the retailers start putting their results out. The slowdown in the West Coast ports has been a much bigger deal than people think and a tremendous amount of inventory was simply not put through the ports in the timeframe that the retailers had expected. This in turn has led to a lot of not in stocks and one of the things that Henry has had to deal with that's extremely important is that because these delays at the port, at the West Coast ports and the East Coast ports because a lot of people saw this coming and diverted traffic into the East Coast ports, we received a lot of traffic on the two coasts which normally we would have anticipated getting from distribution centers in the middle of the country. So we've had to move power where the customers needed it but that has slowed down a lot of the retailing activity in late November and early December and led to a lot of not in stock. So I suspect that you'll see a lot of purchases of gift cards in lieu of merchandise and in January you'll see some of that traffic moving in the truckload sector and elsewhere into the retailing brick and mortar system.  The second thing that's very different this year and it's something that you should pay attention to is a lot of traditional retailers have gotten very, very good at ecommerce in terms of their marketing and their apps and their ability to sell things online. What they haven't gotten as good at in some cases is processing those orders and getting them out the door and so some of the major retailers that we deal with particularly in Henry's organization were telling us in November that they were seeing orders but the orders were backlogged. And so we are seeing a great deal of that traffic now moving into the December timeframe but I do think you'll see when the retailers report their results that the West Coast port issue has been a bigger deal for the peak season than most people have thought it was to date. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Donald Broughton with Avondale Partners. 
Donald Broughton : Yes, gentlemen. One of the biggest variances between what we were looking for and what you reported was certainly in the maintenance line. You said it was timing of aircraft maintenance. Can you give us a little bit more color, a little bit more understanding if for no other reason than we can model it better in the future? 
Alan Graf: It's Alan. Dave can add to this. It's timing. It has to do largely with MD10s and to some extent MD11 engine maintenance. It will probably continue in the third quarter and then it will start to mitigate and we should see much more normal comparisons going forward from there. It was expected, it was in our guidance, we needed to do it particularly on the MD10s to keep the reliability up and that's why we are getting 767s. 
Dave Bronczek: Well, Alan said it, and I think it’s in the press release. Our fourth quarter aircraft maintenance costs subside, so that's probably what you're looking for and it's in the written report. Even with the 16% increase in aircraft maintenance expense this quarter, our all up expense for the quarter was 1%. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research. 
Scott Group : Thanks, good morning guys. I'm not sure if I missed it. Can you share with us or are you going to disclose how much you paid for Genco and how you're going to finance it? And then just on that maintenance question from earlier, what's the total aircraft maintenance up this year in the guidance and does it go down next year or does it kind of flatten out next year and not increase further? 
Alan Graf: We are not going to disclose what we paid for Genco at this point. We will, down the road. I'll let Dave handle the maintenance thing and oh, by the way Scott, I know you were disappointed in our results but I sure am not. 
Dave Bronczek: Yes, hi, this is Dave. Our aircraft maintenance is flat year-over-year and it subsides, the costs still of course continue but they continue at a lower level. 
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me make one other point here which is essentially you understand and Dave Bronczek's results, his expenses are only up 1% but the Express unit also had a wage increase effective on the first of October as we did corporate wide and in the United States network. And so his productivity is absorbing a lot of expense increase in addition to benefiting from the macro profit improvement program. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse. 
Allison Landry : Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So you mentioned earlier that an improved consumer should help some of the premium products. So I was just wondering if that's actually dialed into your guidance. 
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. I'll let Mike put color on this. I think as he mentioned in our macroeconomic outlook we're looking for a 3.1% US 2015 GDP increase and a 3% global increase. I think that a lot of the euphoria that people are seeing with the lower fuel prices at the pump for consumers and things of that nature will to some degree be offset by the reduction in CapEx and the oil and gas exploration and production sector. I mean the facts of the matter are that capital expenditures are a huge driver of US prosperity and income and you see that over on the consumer side just as well as you do lower gasoline prices. So I think it's not quite the universal good that some people think it may be.  Now having said that consumer confidence and so forth is a very big deal in our economy which is 70% consumption but just be a little bit careful there about assuming that the economy is off to the races with all of the pressure that's going to be on this oil and gas sector which has been a huge part of the increase in GDP over the last several years. Mike? 
Mike Glenn: Yes, let me make a comment and kind of give you an analogy. One of the strategic moves that we made in the FedEx Freight network was to adjust the network so that whether we grew in priority or economy freight we benefited from that and a lot of our strategy in the international line haul network and providing the flexibility in the network has been designed around that same philosophy. So while we do expect to see some lift, those things tend not to happen as fast as you might think and so the network design we have in place allows us to flex based upon demand so we're quite comfortable with where we sit at this point. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley. 
Bill Greene : Hi good morning. Mike, I wanted to ask your thoughts on some access the post office has been taking, so trying to compete a bit more in B to C with price actions but also in the holidays here delivering seven days a week. It seems to me that you guys probably compete very vigorously every day but competing against the government doesn't seem quite fair either. So like what's your view on this? Are they a meaningful competitor in that market or is it not really something you come across? 
Mike Glenn: Well of course a lot of the traffic that moves through the postal service actually moves on our line haul network. So we see that day in and day out and we have a very good relationship with the postal service. I'm assuming you're talking about some of the pricing changes they've made to address really the low weight segment in order to take advantage of some ecommerce capabilities. I think the thing you need to keep in mind is their network is very different than ours. They tend to operate smaller vehicles that really cube out pretty quickly as opposed to the network we have in place. The lighter weight ecommerce traffic that we target, we try to push through Smart Post which moves actually the final mile in most cases through the postal service for final delivery.  So the heavier weight traffic which is more in tune with our sweet spot and the home delivery network and the express network is actually not the traffic that they've targeted with their price decreases. So there are a lot of moving parts to that question but again the postal service plays an important role in our value proposition by providing that last mile delivery and you are seeing more consumers and etailers utilize Smart Post and direct injection models through the postal service because it facilitates free shipping, which is a key promotional tool. So we're seeing a lot of that in the ecommerce sector and we're benefiting from a lot of that. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Wadewitz with UBS. 
Tom Wadewitz : Yes, good morning. So Alan, I appreciate your thoughts on fuel and providing some further explanation. I think there was another question on it as well. But I wondered if you could give us a number of comments on how you think if we stay at substantially lower fuel prices for a period of time for more than a quarter or two and also looking beyond the two month time lag impact, is there a benefit to profitability of Express from significantly lower fuel prices perhaps some slippage on fuel surcharge or other ways that it comes through the P&L because I think there is a sense that Express is fuel intensive and fuel sensitive, or is that just the wrong way to look at it and you don't really get a margin or an operating income benefit out a couple quarters from fuel prices which are pretty dramatically down?
Alan Graf: Tom, thanks for the question. I'll start and let Mike add some more color. Everything else being equal lower fuel prices helps elasticity at Express by having a lower surcharge. And there is a trade up factor just as there's a trade down factor when prices are extremely high. But I did quantify that by saying everything else being equal because lower oil prices seem to be roiling some of the markets at the moment and people are still trying to figure out what it means particularly if you're in a oil business and what it means for capital expenditures for the oil and exploration companies and how that impacts the economy and everything else. So there's a big impact all around and of course we provide service for their machine parts and other things that they need to get on just in time basis to where they need to be. So there are so many things that impact this, it's hard to just nail that through the wall but maybe Mike can add to that. 
Mike Glenn: Yes, Tom. When you get right down to it, the fuel surcharges at all of our operating companies are a pricing tool index to the price of fuel and of course we review those on a regular basis and make adjustments based upon market conditions. But if you take Express and Ground for example, the changes we're going to be making to the design are largely or at least in partly designed to reduce the volatility of the surcharges for our customers. It's also important to note that how customers view surcharges differs in the parcel segment versus the freight.  In the parcel segments, customers tend to look at the fuel surcharge as part of the overall rate the customer pays and the freight segment, it's more put aside and the customer is more focused on the base rate and not as much on the fuel surcharge. So it really does differ by segment and of course as I mentioned what we try to do is to review these on an annual basis and make adjustments based upon market conditions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays. 
Brandon Oglenski : Well good morning, everyone. Alan, just a quick comment. Thank you again like Tom said for walking through the fuel surcharge. I think a few analysts might have gotten carried away with it here including this one. But longer term, Fred, the acquisition of Genco here, does this signal a strategic shift for the company? I mean are you guys going to be looking more at the non-asset part of the business here as you expand your portfolio as opposed to the acquisitions we've seen in the past at Express more internationally focused by smaller carriers in Europe and some of the emerging markets? 
Fred Smith: Well, Alan and I both have commented on our criteria for acquisitions and they are threefold. First, there has to be a compelling strategic rationale and that was certainly the case in Genco as I mentioned a few moments ago. We've identified for several years in our strategic management committee and at the board level the gaps in our portfolio that we would like to fill either on a build or buy basis. So if an acquisition comes on the horizon we are certainly interested in that and I would say that clearly, we like non-asset intensive parts of our portfolio because they tend to add to our overall returns on invested capital as well as broadening our portfolio and we are selling a portfolio. We've got some wonderful advertising at the moment that makes that point very clearly.  So all things being equal, of course, we would rather have things that are non-asset intensive than things that are asset intensive. That's basically what most of Wall Street thinks about every day and to some degree, too much so in my opinion to the detriment of job creation and increased income for our citizens.  The second criteria that we have is there a good fit in terms of the culture and the technologies, because most acquisitions founder on one of those two bases and then the third thing which my partner is sitting right beside me here feels very strongly about, you can't overpay. I mean why I go buy something which destroys shareholder value, so that's our criteria for investment. We certainly like non-asset intensive parts of our portfolio because they are complementary but it's basically those three criteria. Strategic fit, culture and technology makes sense as we said before that's the case at Genco in a very big way and third, the numbers have to make sense.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Ross with Stifel Nicolaus.
David Ross : Yes, good morning everyone. Maybe a question for Bill and Mike. Now that you've moved or are moving in the New Year to all dim weight or dimensional based pricing in ground; any thoughts on shipping to dim pricing in FedEx Freight and any barriers to that potential switch? 
Bill Logue: Hey David, it’s Bill. I will jump in first. Yes, we are rolling out right now some of the dimensional overhead machines to kind of take a good look at it. Again we look at it in kind of three ways; one, you can capture some instantaneous revenue and get accurate dims on existing shipments but also it's a very good tool for us to continue to improve pricing, knowledge of what’s actually moving to our systems, so that’s kind of where we’re going there. I think as far as dim technology, again we have -- we have opportunities to currently with some customers to use some dim pricing, but again long-term that is a key objective of ours to keep on moving both our business that way. And again I think as we try to become freight – FedEx becomes a significant part of our business we want to make sure that we’re also able to give customers the parcel side of the business the same type of deals that they deal with everyday on the parcel side. We’re working hard at it and Mike’s marketing team spends a lot of time kind of working this issue and leading it for us.
Mike Glenn: Just to add, the density-based pricing is something we already offer to select customers and we will continue to do so. We find it offers a more simplified alternative to the classification based system which is extremely complex and quite frankly out-dated. So I think it would benefit the industry as a whole to move to more simplified pricing structure and get away from the classification system. But obviously the market will dictate that. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Kim : Good morning. Alan, can I ask you a question with regard to your FX sensitivities within Express and then also to what extent does lower fuel impact your purchase transport costs? 
Alan Graf: Well certainly purchase transportation is a high and growing part of our cost structure particularly around peak. So the lower fuel is the lower those costs are which is an indirect not to the fuel line but an indirect benefit to us. I think it's very important. What was your first question again? 
Thomas Kim : FX sensitivities, please?
Alan Graf: Okay. Well remember that since we are not a big manufacturing company we can adjust our pricing very quickly based on dramatic changes in foreign exchange. We expect the dollar to strengthen as is everybody else and of course in areas where we are profitable, that will be a very good thing for us. But it's really got a very minimal impact to our overall P&L because the way that we’re able to manage the pricing side of the house which has been very beneficial to us.
Dave Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave Bronczek. I just wanted to go back and make the point again on our expenses and our costs. Our aircraft maintenance costs were actually less in Q2 than they were in Q1. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling : Thank you and good morning, Bill hope you enjoy retirement. Mr. Smith you'd touched on the West Coast port congestion. Maybe I can take it a little step further. How much of a negative impact, if it did have a negative impact on your NVOCC business within FedEx trade networks and maybe some of that freight that you see a shifting of some of that ocean freight possibly to the air side within FedEx trade networks? 
Bill Logue: Well, I think the reality is that the container lines and FedEx trade networks and the other NVOCCs as you mentioned found that the die was cast by the time it became clear that the port issues were going to be a big problem. If you followed the negotiations out there it was really only obvious in November that the slowdown was taking place. And I don't know the details of that but certainly, certain people in the shipping industry have said this work to rule activity in the ports is the cause of traffic taking a couple of weeks to get through the ports in what should have been two to three, four days. So that's a very big deal in terms of the inventory decisions that were made last spring and the shipping plans that were put in place last summer.  So I don't think you should think about the fact that all of a sudden this slowdown happened and everything moved by air because what drives the movement of goods by air more than any other thing is the value per pound and there may be some closing samples that go air express or move by air but the vast majority of apparel is never going to move by air simply because the price point of the goods won't justify the much higher cost of moving by air. So a lot of people get that mixed up. It's only on the margins that surface to air makes sense.  Now longer term as Alan said the elasticities are very important there because markets are logical. The biggest effect I think as I mentioned a moment ago on the peak season is that there are a lot of not in stock situations among all the retailers. We have a lot of expertise and within the company and even on our board of directors in this sector and I think you're going to hear this from a lot of the retailers when they report their results. So I hope that clarifies some of this thing. I don't want people to go away from this and think there's a systemic shift from sea to air because of a short-term issue here. That just won't happen. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Buckingham Research. 
Jeff Kauffman : Thank you very much and congratulations on the quarter. Bill, best of luck in retirement. Let me ask kind of a broader simpler question. Fuel is down and I think you've said a number of types that your view is that will be good for volume on the consumer side. Your economic outlook sounds a little bolder. You announced two pretty decent acquisitions here. Why is there no improvement in the forward outlook? 
Alan Graf: Jeff, this is Alan. Well, I think again there was probably a little over estimation about the benefit from fuel for us for the year, so we don't see that. We think it's still going to be slight so that's what's in the guidance but I haven't given you FY16 yet. So that's coming pretty soon. 
Jeff Kauffman : Okay and the acquisitions would take effect more in FY16 than FY15? 
Alan Graf: For sure. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon : Thanks for taking the question. Are you guys -- with the international market being a little stronger the last few months from the IATA data and also a little bit we're hearing sort of anecdotally on expediting, are you seeing sign that the capacity situation in the international air freight market is getting tighter that rates are getting better or are we seeing just a lot of the excess capacity that may have been put down to the ground come up limiting any positive impact on the rate environment? 
Dave Bronczek: David, this is Dave Bronczek. It's relatively flat still. I mean you still have a lot of extra capacity in the underbellies of a lot of the passenger airlines and so forth. So I would say that right at the moment to Fred’s earlier point because of the port issues we have seen some increases there on rates and on freight. But generally speaking it’s flat.  End of Q&A
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I would like to turn the conference back over to our presenters for any concluding or additional remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation second quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the investor relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much. Happy holidays. 
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-09-17 23:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster – VP of IR Fred Smith – Chairman Mike Glenn – President & CEO FedEx Services Alan Graf – EVP & CFO Dave Bronczek – President & CEO FedEx Express Henry Maier – President & CEO of FedEx Ground Chris Richards – EVP, General Counsel & Secretary
Analysts: Rob Salmon – Deutsche Bank Ben Hartford – Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. Chris Wetherbee – Citigroup Ken Hoexter – BofA Merrill Lynch Kelly Dougherty – Macquarie Capital Scott Schneeberger – Oppenheimer & Co. Bill Greene – Morgan Stanley Allison Landry – Credit Suisse Scott Group – Wolfe Research Thomas Kim – Goldman Sachs Brandon Oglenski – Barclays Capital Jeff Kauffman – Buckingham Research Group David Vernon – Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc. Bruce Chen – Stifel Nicolaus David Campbell – Thompson Davis & Company Keith Schoonmaker – Morningstar
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation first quarter FY ‘15 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. The first quarter earnings release and our stat book are on our website at FedEx.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for about 1 year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer session, callers will be limited 1 question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. If you're listening to the call through our live webcast, feel free to submit your question via e-mail or as a message on stocktwits.com. For e-mail please include your full name and contact information with your question and send it to our IR@fedex. com address. To send a question via stocktwits.com, please be sure to include $FedEx in the message. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at FedEx.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO, Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services, Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO, Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express, Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground, and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our discussion of results for the first quarter of FY ‘15. As you can see in the press release, FedEx is off to a good start for the fiscal year thanks to the strong performance of Ground, solid volume and revenue increases at Freight and volume and yield growth at Express. We expect continued revenue and earnings growth in FY ‘15, assuming moderate global economic growth and stable fuel prices. It's clear more customers are relying on FedEx because they appreciate the competitive advantages provided by our portfolio of solutions. FedEx Ground's performance was driven primarily by higher average daily volume as a result of increasing eCommerce. At FedEx Freight, increased revenue per shipment and strong LTL shipment growth drove operating margins higher. FedEx Express' operating income and margin improved, and we are confident we will achieve our profit improvement program goals. Now, let me turn the call over to Mike Glenn for his thoughts on the economy, after which Alan Graf will provide more detail on the first quarter earnings. Mike?
Mike Glenn: Thank you, Fred, and good morning. With private sector demand accelerating and fiscal austerity winding down, our expectation for real GDP growth is to average around 3% for the remainder of this year and next. Our US GDP forecast is now 2.1% for calendar 2014 and 3.1% for calendar 2015. We have increased our expectations for industrial production growth to 4.1% this year and 3.8% in calendar 2015. The global economy has improved, although it certainly remains a multi-speed world. The US is leading the way and emerging markets are picking up. We expect global growth of 2.6% in calendar 2014 and 3.1% for calendar 2015. Now, let me make a few comments regarding the Company's yield performance. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year express domestic yield increased 0.5% in the first quarter. This increase was driven by product mix and rate and discount. The ground package yield increased 3% year-over-year in the first quarter, excluding the impact of fuel. The ground yield has improved steadily due to rate and discount and product mix. Excluding fuel, international export express package yield increased 1.9%, which was primarily driven by product mix. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per shipment increased 1.2% at FedEx Freight, which was driven by rate and discount and changes in weight per shipment. As noted in the press Release, FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight will be increasing shipping rates an average of 4.9% effective January 5 of 2015. FedEx Ground will also be implementing the new dimensional weight policy previously announced to include packages less than 3 cubic feet, which will also be effective on January 5. And finally, just a couple comments on peak season. We're expecting another record peak season in terms of delivery volume. Peak will once again be compressed this year with Cyber Monday falling on December 1. We've been in active dialogue with our retail and etail customers all year to understand their peak shipping needs and plan our operations accordingly. We expect more than 50,000 seasonal positions to be added for the upcoming peak across the FedEx operating companies. This includes package handler, helpers, drivers and other support positions. Based upon our growth expectations and network expansion, the majority of those seasonal workers will have the opportunity to continue working for us after the holiday season. So, now let me turn it over to Alan Graf for a few comments.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike and good morning, everyone. We had an outstanding first quarter with EPS of $2.10 a share and 8.5% operating margin. Revenue growth from increased volumes and yields drove a significant increase in earnings for each of our transportation segments. Our sales team is executing on improved revenue quality strategy at a very high level. In Q1, we repurchased 5.3 million shares of FedEx common stock and completed the share repurchase program that we announced in FY ‘14. The repurchase program had a $0.15 per share year-over-year positive impact on our EPS this quarter. To improve the transparency of our results, this year we ceased allocating the costs associated with our corporate headquarters division to our transportation segments. These costs are now included in corporate, eliminations and other in our segment reporting and reconciliations. A reserve for a legal contingency was recorded at corporate in Q1, causing the increase in these unallocated costs versus the prior year. Looking at our segments, at Express, operating income increased 35% and operating margin increased 130 basis points. Revenue growth in our US and international export package business drove higher income, partially offset by higher maintenance expense and lower freight revenues. The profit improvement programs also contributed to the improvement in operating income for Express. US domestic volumes increased 5% in Q1, driven by both overnight box and deferred service offerings. International economy volumes increased 3%. International priority volumes were up 1%. Overall, international export revenue per package increased 3%. Turning to Ground. Average daily volume increased 6% during the quarter from continued growth in our home delivery service and commercial business. Smart Post average daily volume was down 10% due to lower volume from a major customer; however, Smart Post revenue per package increased 10% from rate increases and improved customer mix, partially offset by higher postage costs. Volumes increased 8%, excluding the changes in shipping patterns from a major customer. Ground segment operating income increased 13% and operating margin increased to 18.4% on higher revenue per package and volumes. Higher network expansion costs partially offset Ground's increase in operating income as we continue to invest in the high margin, high ROIC growing Ground businesses. At Freight, it was a great quarter, with operating margin of 10.4%, up 340 basis points from last year. Operating income and operating margin increased from higher less than truckload revenue per shipment, higher average daily LTL shipments and solid cost management. Freight saw higher demand for both its priority and economy service offerings in the quarter, which drove an 11% increase in average daily LTL shipments. Turning to our outlook, and based on the economic outlook that Mike talked about, we reaffirm our FY ‘15 earnings per share forecast of $8.50 to $9 a share. Our outlook depends on key external factors, including fuel prices and the pace of improvement in the global economy. Revenue and earnings are expected to continue – revenue and earnings growth are expected to continue into the second quarter and the remainder of FY ‘15, driven by ongoing improvements at all of our operating companies, along with continued volume and yield improvements. Profit improvement programs that we announced in FY ‘13 will add to our FY ‘15 results as we continue to execute on them. FY ‘15 will see the full benefit of a voluntary buyout program which was completed in May. We should also see additional cost savings from sourcing and procurement. Every new 767 replacement aircraft should add about $10 million annually to profits. We have 4 767s in service currently and expect to have another 12 delivered by the end of FY ‘15. There are many other initiatives that we are working on at Express. In short, we are progressing as planned with the profit improvement programs. We had an excellent quarter, and we are looking forward to a very good year. Now, we will open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Rob Salmon with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Salmon – Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning. How are you doing, guys?
Fred Smith: Good.
Rob Salmon – Deutsche Bank: Alan, I'll let someone else have at the guidance given the strong results in the first quarter, and I'll direct this question to you, Fred. I'm trying to think about the significant growth that the industry keeps talking about in terms of wide bodied passenger aircraft and how you guys think about your aircraft renewal opportunity, given the incremental capacity that's coming on and your experiences using third party line haul to date in the international economy package? And your thoughts in terms of where these aircraft are going to be coming on in different lanes, if that provides you the opportunity to potentially reduce the asset intensiveness of the aircraft fleet over time?
Fred Smith: Well, I think it's early. It's 1 quarter. Our guidance does show 26% to 33% increase in EPS, which is a little bit less than the first quarter or the second half will be a little bit tougher comparison as we really start to hit our stride in the second half of FY ‘14. I'm comfortable with where we are now, and we'll talk about it again in December.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird.
Fred Smith: Let me go in and answer the question that was just answered – just asked before, before you make the question about the fleet planning. Dave will put some color on this, but basically, our strategy is to have an unparalleled proprietary priority network, and then we do use the underbellies, as you mentioned, for our economy service. And we are very cognizant of the lift that's out there, that's planned to be out there and it's very sophisticated planning process that goes into it that determines what sort of aircraft that we acquire. Now, having said that, I think Alan's made this point. We're not buying any airplanes other than to modernize our fleet. And these airplanes are very profit accretive, as Alan mentioned to you, and the 777s in the international business are just unprecedented in the type of operating capabilities and competitive advantage we have. So, let me turn it over to Dave to put more color on it.
Dave Bronczek: Thanks, Fred. It's a great question. Our 777s provide us the global powerhouse that FedEx Express is the best in the world. We have the latest cutoff times and the earliest arrival times all over the world coming out of Asia, into the United States into the Middle East, into Europe. The 777s are replacing the MD11s. The MD11s are coming back to the United States. The 767s are actually replacing, as Fred pointed out, older used airplanes that we're getting tremendous fuel efficiency, operating efficiency, maintenance efficiency out of the 767s back here in the United States. The combination of both of these planes into our fleet has provided us a tremendous opportunity to grow our profits and improve our service around the world.
Fred Smith: Now that other question.
Operator: From Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird.
Ben Hartford – Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.: Hi, good morning, guys. Alan, could I get your perspective on – piggybacking on that, to the extent that CapEx is going to remain focused on fleet replacement and not growth and you guys continue to execute on this plan within Express. Clearly, you have the cash flow capability coming, you're done with the buyback. Can you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about managing excess cash going forward between the dividend and a potential new share repurchase authorization? Thanks.
Alan Graf: I don't have anything to say today about new share repurchase authorization other than the fact that we talk about this at every single Board meeting and we will continue to do that. We have stated that we want to continue to increase our dividend. We understand our dividend yield is sub par. Part of that is because of the outstanding stock performance. But we will continue to increase our dividends at some level as our strategy and objective, and so we'll see where we get. We're very pleased with the stock buyback program that we recently executed, and we will keep our eye on that as well, but that's a Board decision.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee – Citigroup: Great, thanks, good morning. Wanted to touch a little bit on the pricing environment. When you think about turning the page into calendar 2014 with dimensional pricing coming in and obviously, the GRIs announced last night, some of them were a bit higher than last year, LTLs a little bit faster than the annual cycle. Just wanted to get a rough sense when you think about across the spectrum of your products and capacity being a little bit tighter, how should we be thinking about the pricing environment as it sets up for calendar 2015?
Alan Graf: Well, FedEx bases all pricing decisions on current market conditions, the economic environment and things of that nature, and we feel the changes that we put in place are appropriate. They allow us to continue to invest in the value that we're providing our customers. And of course, always, our objective is to strike the right balance between yield improvement and volume growth to contribute to the bottom line, and I think we have successfully done that. That's really the backdrop on which all these pricing decisions are made, and we feel very comfortable with the announcement yesterday. We think it's appropriate given the market conditions and the economic environment. And again, our sales team is executing very crisply on the strategy to strike that right balance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter – BofA Merrill Lynch: Great, good morning. Solid start on the year here. Can you just talk about the progress of maybe some of the expense cost reductions in the profit improvement plan in terms of the SG&A and the progress of the facility, some reallocation you had talked about or consolidations? And then, did you mention there was a one-time charge within the corporate allocation? Can you delve on that too? Thanks.
Alan Graf: Well, Ken, I'll start and I'll turn it over to Dave. I'm very pleased with where we are on our cost reduction program. We are basically exceeding it in every category. Had we not done what we did, our costs would have been significantly higher this quarter than they were and our earnings would have been a lot lower. I'm also proud of the fact that we've done it and we still have been able to maintain and increase our service levels and not give up on that, which is a very integral part of what we try to do every day. We will continue to work hard on that. We continue to find additional opportunities everywhere. Everyone is focused on it. We know we have a profit improvement program to hit but also, I think we are getting to world class in terms of cost management, in terms of our management. So, I'm going to turn it over to Dave.
Dave Bronczek: Thanks, Alan. Yes, I'm extremely proud of our Express team. Around the world, they've executed flawlessly. As has been mentioned twice already, we're on plan, projected to be on target. For the run out rate in FY ‘15 we had a solid quarter, and going forward, we are expecting the same kinds of results in terms of exceeding our plan. On top of that, I wanted to say that in terms of the parts of the profit improvement plan, you mentioned the voluntary buyout, the SG&A. We're 100% in on that already, so that's already rolling into FY ‘15. Our fleet modernization is rolling out as we had planned, and as Alan pointed out, probably ahead of plan in many, if not all, of these categories. We have our focus and we have our eyes set on achieving those kinds of results going forward. We know what's expected, and our team is executing.
Alan Graf: We did take a legal reserve at corporate in the first quarter, and it was for an immaterial amount.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie Capital.
Kelly Dougherty – Macquarie Capital: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow up on the pricing question earlier, especially in light of what we've seen from the post office recently. I guess two things. How do you help us think about the magnitude of the yield impact from the price increases and the dim weight changes? And then just some thoughts on what you think about the move by the post office to aggressively cut price to gain share and how that plays into your market share strategy and the outlook for margins at Ground?
Alan Graf: Well, first, let me say, we don't comment on specific pricing actions by our competitors. We make all of our pricing decisions independent, based upon market conditions and economic conditions, as I mentioned earlier. Having said that, we have a tremendous portfolio of services which allow us to effectively serve the eCommerce market. I think we've demonstrated the ability to develop a strategy that really targets the right kind of growth within the eCommerce segment that contributes to the bottom line and supports our yield strategy. So, we're very comfortable with our strategy there. We're very comfortable with our growth opportunities there. Regarding the specific impact of decisions like dimensional weight, it would be extremely difficult to speculate on the impact of that because we're working with customers right now to alter their packaging so that they have more efficient packaging, which is good for sustainability and certainly fits with our corporate social responsibility programs. As those changes are made, and let me remind you, we announced that change 6 months early to give customers plenty of time to respond to that, and many are taking advantage of our packaging lab to redesign packaging to be more efficient, which we like. So, at this stage, it would be impossible to speculate on that, but let me just say, we're very comfortable with our position going forward.
Henry Maier: Hi, Kelly, this is Henry Maier. Ground margins in the first quarter were reflective of better revenue quality, cost control, and ensuring every package was in the right network. We expect to continue to deliver industry-leading margins and as I've told you on this call before, the Ground team would not be satisfied with anything less than margins in the high teens.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger – Oppenheimer & Co.: Thanks, good morning. Just following up on that last point, in the Ground margins, very nice revenue growth. Pretty consistent with what we were expecting, but those margins were nice. You just hit a few of the areas. I know there is some OpEx going on with network expansion. Was there any change to – in ebb or flow in the quarter, and how do you anticipate that going forward as an impact on margins? Thanks.
Henry Maier: Well, I don't think there was any change. We expect to spend roughly $1.2 billion in CapEx this year, 85%, 90% is all for capacity. We are right on plan in terms of our plans to bring those new facilities on. And I think as we said in the past, we manage roughly 150 real estate projects a year in anticipation of peak.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene – Morgan Stanley: Hi there, good morning. Mike, can I ask you about the international side? We saw the package volumes turn up a bit. In your experience, do product launches like iPhone 6 or these sorts of things have a material effect on that part of the business for FedEx? Or is it that this is just an iteration of a new product so it wouldn't have the same kind of effect that we've seen in the past?
Mike Glenn: Bill, it has some impact, but more in the area that it relates to, our FedEx Trade Networks Company. There's been a change in the way companies position inventory for product launches. There's much more forward deployment of that inventory, using forwarding capacity to stage product in the US. And then we work with companies to then deploy the product to either retail locations or individual consumers. So, those product launches are now more likely to show up in the domestic businesses, and they really are surges. They are 1 to 2 day surges now, based upon the product launch. Now, having said all that, there is the after market effect of accessories and things of that nature which do flow through the system but don't have the impact of the product launch itself in terms of number of units. You really need to think – rethink the way those – or think differently about those product launches now as much more, the product is forward deployed.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. We've got a couple of questions over the internet. One from Art Hatfield with Raymond James. How should we think about margin goals for Express, given the change corporate cost allocation? I don't think that the latter has much effect on what our goal is. Our goal is to have all 3 of our major transport sectors operating at double-digit margins, and we're confident that we can do so. Obviously in this quarter, we had 2 out of the 3, but significant progress at Express. Another question from Shelby Holiday at Bloomberg. In addition to adding seasonal employees, what else is FedEx doing to ensure a smooth peak season 2014? I think if we answered that question fully, we would spend the next 2 hours talking to you about it. The peak planning begins in January/February each year, after peak season. There are just scores of things that are done at each of the FedEx operating companies to accommodate a smooth peak season. Contrary to some of the popular press, we actually had an outstanding peak season last year, with the exception of a couple of weather events. And the CEOs have reported at DSMC that they're prepared for peak season this year and hopefully, the weather will be accommodating. There's a question about the long-term strategy for handling the shift to B2C. I think Mike Glenn answered that, quite frankly. We've done a great job of understanding what parts of the B2C business make sense and that are profitable We've got a broad portfolio of solutions, our customers want to buy it – these solutions and in great profusion. And then entry into emerging markets, of course, as you know, we bought a wonderful company in Mexico. We bought a great company in Brazil. We have an outstanding operation in India. We have an excellent domestic operation in China and recently received, after a long delay, the licenses to continue to grow that business. So, we have a major focus on emerging markets as well. So, we'll now take other questions from the moderator.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry – Credit Suisse: Thanks, good morning. In response to an earlier question on returns to shareholders, the dividend hike and a potential buyback and that you are consistently talking about it at the Board meetings, I was just wondering if you could just remind us when the next Board meeting will take place?
Alan Graf: Allison, our annual meeting is a week from Monday.
Allison Landry – Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group – Wolfe Research: Thanks, good morning guys. Alan, one of the questions earlier about the profit improvement plan, I think you said that you're now tracking ahead of the plan or something to that effect. And that seems to be a change from some of the commentary you were giving last year, and so I want to understand that a little bit more in terms of what's changing to give you confidence that you're now above plan? Is it additional costs that you're finding? Is it maybe you think pricing could become a bigger part of this? Or what is really driving the confidence that you now can be better than the $1.6 billion?
Alan Graf: Scott, I think what I said was on the cost side, we were ahead. There's still a long way to go here, and we just reported a 5.4% margin. We've got a long way to go to hit this profit improvement plan. I'm very pleased on the cost side. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, I'm extremely pleased with our execution of our improved revenue quality strategy, which we've all talked about and continue to talk about on these calls and are working very hard inside the Company. We need to get paid adequately for the services that we're providing. We have stabilized the Express network, we're not expanding it. And we are continuing to work to improve the revenue quality on those international flights, which is a key part of our profit improvement program. But it's also probably one of the hardest parts of the profit improvement program, because we don't see the global trade situation today as we did in October of 2012 when we announced the program. We're doubling down on everything else, and I'm very confident on the cost side. I am confident that we are on track at the PIP, but we've got 7 more quarters ahead of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Kim – Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Can you talk a little bit more about the state of international express markets by region? We're seeing Asia seemingly rebounding nicely; Europe is much more mixed, and some of the data actually looks like it's rolling over. And if you could comment to what extent you're seeing different commodities drive the growth, that would also be appreciated. For the two, one of the earlier questions, to what extent is the tech launches that we're seeing driving the growth, and do you think that there's anything beyond tech that's going to sustain the growth? And I appreciate your comment that it's – I'm referring to comments from perhaps other companies that continuously refer to the rebound, particularly out of Asia, about tech launches driving some of the growth that some of your peers have been seeing, thanks.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. I'll let Mike go back and talk about the tech launches, but in terms of our regions around the world, they've all performed very well. As you pointed out, Asia Pacific rebounded nicely. For us, Europe is performing very well. We've opened up 109 stations in the last 2 years, and the business is performing exactly as we had hoped it would. And I think around the world, we're very pleased with the progress we're making. I do think Alan's point is right. The global economy is still probably softer than we would like to see it; but that being said, we're performing well in it. On the international revenue side, our yields are strong and our volume is strong, especially in our box volume. It's also strong in our domestic business. Our box volume and overnight box is up 9%. Deferred boxes are up 7%. The overnight letters are – is what's down slightly. When you look at our mix of products and our drivers of profit improvement, that's all benefiting us. I should add 1 other thing. One that you can see and one that you can't see, probably. In aircraft maintenance, it's a timing issue for us. And you can see that it's our number 1 expense item in terms of incremental expense year-over-year. On fuel, and we talk about fuel all the time, and I know you all do, it was slightly positive, it was not material, and I think that's important to note.
Mike Glenn: Let me comment again, just to make sure there's a clear understanding of my comments regarding product launches. Over the last couple of years, there has been a change in the strategy regarding product launches. This is not a FedEx strategy; let me be clear, this is a market strategy. More of these companies are electing to build time into their product launch planning to allow them to take advantage of more traditional freight networks to forward deploy the product and move the product into the United States or other markets and stage that inventory for the launch itself. That is changing the mix of traffic. And this is not only affecting FedEx, it's affecting the entire transportation market in terms of how this product is forward deployed. So, I want to make sure I'm clear about that. Now, having said all that, once the product launch occurs, then other inventory moves through more traditional channels and specifically, accessories moves through more traditional channels. The real impact of the change in product launches is a removal from the international perspective of the large bubble that took place early in the product launch cycle, and that has now smoothed out quite a bit. The bubble then takes place as a result of that, for example, in the US, when the product starts moving through the US network to achieve, advance or to fulfill advance orders, either through the retail stores or direct to individuals. It has been a change in strategy by the companies that are launching these products. And obviously, we're responding well, and we are very comfortable with our position because of the portfolio of services that we provide. Just quickly, you asked about the segments that were driving international growth. These are typically consumer-driven services, manufacturing durables, of which these high-tech products would be part of that. Those are the areas where we see a lot of growth, and wholesale durables as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski – Barclays Capital: Yes, good morning, everyone, and congratulations on the good quarter. I think this question is going to be for Fred or Mike. We talk a lot about trying to shape customer behavior with the dim weight change, trying to get smaller boxes into the system. But wouldn't one of the best levers be some form of realtime pricing where you can really start to manage the peaks and valleys in the network? And what's really limiting the industry from shifting to more of a realtime pricing model?
Mike Glenn: Well, again, we work with our customers very specifically about the pricing that they have on a contractual basis, based upon the forecasted demand and the volume that they anticipate. That's one reason why January – excuse me, December 26th we start focusing on the next year for peak season. When we go into a contractual negotiation with a customer, if that customer has a peaking factor, for example, of 3 times, that would imply that they will give us about 3 times as much volume, for example, in the month of December that they would the other 11 months. That information is known on the front end, and our negotiations are based upon that. This is not a situation where we get surprised by the lumpiness, if you will, of a customer's volume. We know that going into a negotiation. Obviously, we won't rule out other pricing tactics. We announced a change to our dim weight policy based upon the change in market conditions and the economic environment, and I'm sure there will be future changes along those lines. But I want to be real clear, we have a great deal of understanding and data to support pricing decision and contractual negotiations based upon the forecasted volume that customers give us. A lot of our discounts are also volume based, so if the volume goes up or down, we adjust those discounts accordingly. There's a tremendous amount of science that goes into revenue management, and we are world class at that. Our pricing science group is outstanding. And that's really one of the reasons why that data feeds our growth strategy and that's one of the reasons why we've been able to sustain a balance between volume growth and yield improvements contributed to bottom line expansion.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman from Buckingham Research.
Jeff Kauffman – Buckingham Research Group: Thank you very much and congratulations. Alan, I just wanted to take 10 steps back here. You raised your global IP outlook, you had a very strong quarter. Fuel prices seem to be a little bit better, costs ahead of plan, yet the guidance remains in line. Can you help me connect the dots on that?
Alan Graf: Well, when I gave you this guidance at the end of last year, we had factored all that into the guidance. As I said, we were very pleased with the first quarter, second half is a little bit tougher. I have no idea about peak season weather yet, which could swing us quite a bit. As I said, we'll have more to say about this at the end of December when we have that basically mostly behind us, and we'll see where that is.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein Research.
David Vernon – Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question. Mike, a question for you on the domestic yields. David mentioned that the box volume was up 9%. That's the best quarterly figure that I can see back in my model. And I was just trying to get a sense for what the underlying rate development was and what you think is really driving that, whether it's macro, maybe response to lower prices. Any other shifts that are going in there to drive the outstanding volume growth in overnight box?
Mike Glenn: There are a couple issues that are in play here. One is Express is certainly benefiting from the growth of eCommerce, which we've said previously on this call. Secondarily, as part of profit improvement plan, Dave Bronczek and I, along with our teams, have really developed a targeted growth strategy that is targeting specific amounts of growth opportunities at targeted yields which we feel, if we're able to achieve that, is going to benefit his bottom line. And our sales team is executing that strategy perfectly. So, Dave and I work very closely together, we monitor all the opportunities, all the pipelines to make sure that we're achieving our desired goals. And again, hats off to our sales team for executing that strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bruce Chen with Stifel.
Bruce Chen – Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, thank you gentlemen. You alluded to another compressed peak season in your prepared remarks. I'm wondering with what's going on over on the West Coast with the ILWU, it seems that a lot of shippers have been prepositioning inventory, and I don't just mean tech product launches here. I'd like to get your view on whether that should affect your volumes going into peak and as far as last minute inventory supplements, whether that's been a factor in your preparations. Thank you.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike again. It's certainly an issue that we're monitoring, but I would say at this stage, based upon the feedback from our customers, we don't expect that to have a material impact on our peak season at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Campbell with Thompson Davis & Company.
David Campbell – Thompson Davis & Company: Yes, thanks for taking the question. I – some of the international companies see China as more of an import freight business, much more of an import business than an export business as it has been for the last 10 years. Do you see the same thing going on there? And of course, that import business has a lot to do with the intra Asia growth. Just wondering how you were positioning the Company to participate in that growth.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. As you know, we've been in China for over 2 decades now, and we've had – 3 decades now. We've had growth in our international segment and that continues to grow; the 777s continue to add more value to customers all around the world with later cutoffs there in China, feeding the rest of the world. We have an excellent intra Asia network off of our hub in Guangzhou, China, and then we have a domestic business in China. So, we're actually playing in and succeeding in every segment of the Chinese marketplace. And thankfully, we've been in business there for a long time and have a great reputation and great management team. And so to your question, we're seeing international export growth, we're seeing domestic intra-region growth and domestic China growth.
Alan Graf: This is Alan, I have a question from Ryan Novak from Citadel about the $35 million year-over-year increase in the new corporate eliminations and the other line. That is largely the result of the legal reserve that we took. We are being maniacal about our corporate headquarters costs and trying to keep them down, which is why we are now reporting it separately so that we can show you transparency on the progress we have there as well. Sometimes those costs tend to get lost in chargebacks, and now we are focused on it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question come from Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie Capital.
Kelly Dougherty – Macquarie Capital: Thanks. Just wanted to get your thoughts on the pace of trade down from priority to economy and how it might differ domestically versus internationally. Do you think we've hit a point where there's stabilization? Maybe the delta between the 2 has leveled out at a good level that we can assume going forward? And then how are you assuming this trend as part of the Express profit improvement plan?
Dave Bronczek: Well, this is Dave Bronczek. I'll start off, and then Mike can add some color. What we feel at Express in that FedEx is the same trend and the same way of business conducted around the world as it is in the United States. People look for different means of transportation, and we have them all at FedEx in our portfolio. So, we're not surprised. We're actually right in line. We've actually tweaked our model, if you will, so we can take advantage of the global economic activity in the deferred space, and that's performing well for us. In the Express overnight space, very much like the United States, we think the global marketplace is the same.
Mike Glenn: Yes, and let me just say, our mission is to work with customers to deliver solutions to them, leveraging the entire bundle of services that we provide in order to deliver the value that they need to improve their performance. So when they win, we win. We really look for opportunities to work with customers to make their supply chains as efficient as possible. A lot of the transition has occurred. Would I say it's over? No. Customers are always looking for ways to tweak their supply chains but clearly, we've seen – I think the economic situation starting in 2008 drove a lot of that. Obviously, as the economy improves, I think you'll probably see less focus on that and hopefully more focus on growth from our customers. But clearly, they will continue to look to refine their supply chains.
Fred Smith: Let me just add a point to this, because I believe this has been an area of confusion on the part of a lot of people for a long time. What drives the selection of Express over Ground is not the fact that there's a Ground alternative and Express alternative. It's the nature of the product being shipped and the need of the shipper that's making the transaction. So, a defibrillator going for an operation is going to go Express. The plug-in to – of a charger for a new product that might be introduced by the electronics industry is almost certainly going to go Ground. As the market grows, there is a percentage of the traffic by virtue of the nature of the product and the consequences of the item being delivered in a short time will pay Express rates for Express service. And for some reason, several years ago, there was a large body of thought that everything was going to go Ground. We tried to tell people that that wasn't the case, and I think that what you see in the marketplace now is a more stable picture as some of this trade down has occurred, as Mike mentioned. But there is a certain percentage of the parcel traffic and the freight traffic, whether it's international, domestic, it's going to go Express. And we have the greatest Express Company in the world, and we've mentioned over and over again, we intend to get the Express Company back up to earning at the level that it should.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Schoonmaker with Morningstar.
Keith Schoonmaker – Morningstar: Comments on the call sound quite positive regarding international activity, and year-over-year comps and international volume and yield are positive. You've mentioned you expect international trade to continue to grow faster, but I've also noted that Fred speaks a fair bit on risks of heightened protectionism. And I wonder if you're detecting some relief, or can you give insight into sources of expected trade despite these obstacles?
Fred Smith: Well, you're correct. I think we had on the investor website several speeches I gave last spring. The reality is that perhaps the most important thing that's been done since the end of World War II was American leadership to open up markets and lift, literally, billions of people out of poverty. It's the American consumer, combined with the Chinese liberalization, that has created this incredible prosperity for millions and hundreds of millions of Chinese. India began to become more market oriented in the 1990s, Brazil did. But recently, as I point out in those speeches, there's been a real increase in the number of protectionist measures around the world and a lack of leadership on the part of the United States in moving towards more open markets. As you know, there was just a very disappointing result in the negotiations that was, in essence, vetoed by India. And so the United States will have to resume that mantle of leadership, yet trade promotion authority really push these various initiatives that underway. There are 4 major initiatives that the treaty negotiations of the United States is involved in today. But absent that, I think you're going to see a very difficult environment for trade around the world if these protectionist measures continue to proliferate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Kim – Goldman Sachs: Thanks for letting me ask another question. Alan, I was wondering about the dividend side. Can you help us frame about how you're thinking about what would be deemed adequate? Are you thinking about more of a yield, or are you thinking about more of a payout ratio?
Alan Graf: Both. I think we just need to continue to improve it until we get up into a range where people who are interested in dividends and dividend yields would be more interested in our shares than they are today. It's what Mickey is after me about every 5 minutes, so we'll continue to do that. I think every year for many a number of years now we've increased at our May/June Board meeting, and we'll take it up again this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group – Wolfe Research: Thanks for the follow-up. One for Henry on the Ground side. We saw margin expansion for the first time in a bunch quarters. Are you comfortable that we're through the overhang of the capital expansion cost and we can start seeing Ground margin improvement? And do you see any impact from the outcome in California on the contractor side that could lead to more legal costs or could lead you to change the contract remodel?
Henry Maier: Well, the answer to the first question is that we've probably got another year of increased capital before we're over the hump here in terms of the capacity that – or building out the capacity we view we need going forward in the network. Most of that expenditure is in the area of hubs and automated satellites. All of our hubs are automated. I think the thing that's important for the folks on the call to understand is we are expanding the footprint of our auto satellites pretty aggressively here because of the capacity it gives us, the flexibility it gives us. Particularly when we see volumes spike up at peak and the ability long term of those facilities to lower our costs, both in terms of lower line haul expense and fewer handlings. I think there's 1 more year here and then you'll see CapEx go back to something that we will consider to be, quote, normal, unquote. I'm going to let Chris answer the question on California.
Chris Richards: Hi, Scott. In light of legal and regulatory developments in several states, we've taken a number of steps in recent years to enhance the operating agreements with all of the independent businesses that contract with Ground to provide transportation services. These independent businesses agree to remain incorporated and in good standing in the states in which they do business and to treat their personnel as employees and to comply with all applicable Federal and State laws. That being said, we have announced we are transitioning to new independent service provider agreements in California, Oregon, Washington and Nevada.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Banc of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter – BofA Merrill Lynch: Hi, great. Good morning. Just a follow-up on the charge that you mentioned before. Is that anything related to the California move to contractors as employees, or is that a completely separate? And being a large charge, can you maybe provide some details on that? Chris Richards, FedEx Corporation - EVP, General Counsel & Secretary 76 Ken, it's Chris Richards. While we do not agree with the 9th Circuit decision, we have established an accrual for the estimated probable loss in these cases that was required to be recognized pursuant to applicable accounting standards.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Salmon with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Salmon – Deutsche Bank : Yes, thanks for the follow-up. Henry, just to piggyback on Scott's earlier question, with the changes that have been announced in California, should we be thinking about any sort of incremental cost to the Company as you execute there? Or can this be like some of the changes in the past where we actually saw margins expand due to efficiencies that you gained?
Henry Maier: Well, Rob, we've currently transitioned to 17 states. We don't expect any change here. Any additional costs we would see in terms of the transition would be immaterial. I guess the answer is no, I don't think you should read anything into this. In fact, if you look at the 17 states that we previously transitioned, our service actually improved, so no.
Operator: Seeing no further questions in queue, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Mickey Foster for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This will conclude today's conference.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-06-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Vice President, Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and CFO Mike Glenn - President and CEO, FedEx Services Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO Dave Bronczek - President and CEO, FedEx Express Henry Maier - President and CEO, FedEx Ground Bill Logue - President and CEO, FedEx Freight
Analysts: Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rob Saman - Deutsche Bank Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company Art Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates Chris Wetherbee - Citi Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Jack Atkins - Stephens Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar William Greene - Morgan Stanley Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Ben Hartford - Baird David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus Andrew Gordon - Wolfe Research Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Michael Mathay - AllianceBernstein Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets David Vernon - Bernstein Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research
Operator: Please standby, we are about to begin. Good day, everyone. And welcome to the FedEx Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning. And welcome to FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. The fourth quarter earnings release and our 31-page stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. If you are listening to the call through our live webcast, feel free to submit your questions via e-mail or as a message on stocktwits.com. For email, please include your full name and contact information with your question and send it to ir@fedex.com address. To send a question via stocktwits.com, please be sure to include $FDX in the message, preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call maybe considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Good morning, everyone. This is of course a quarterly earnings call for FedEx, but before we get into the business issues, let me note that during the quarter we experienced two unprecedented and inexplicable tragedies. First, the highway crash in California, the FedEx freight vehicle and a bus of students, which resulted in the worst accident in our history with 10 fatalities and others injured. Then a shooting at our FedEx Ground facility in Atlanta, by a troubled young man who before committing suicide shot six people with two seriously wounded. All 300,000 and plus of us at FedEx grieve for those who lost their lives and those injured, and we again extend our deepest sympathies and condolences to their families and friends. Now to the schedule business of this call. As you can see, our numbers are fairly straightforward, Ground and Freight are performing well, and Express remains on track to achieve its profit improvement plan, despite the fuel headwinds we've experienced. This summer, two of our long serving and finest executives will be retiring in July. Cathy Ross, the Chief Financial Officer of FedEx Express is leaving after 30 years with FedEx. Mike Fryt, our Corporate Vice President of Tax is also retiring after 19 years with the company. I’d like to thank Kathy and Mike for their service, their many contributions to FedEx and all of us wish them nothing but the best in their retirement. Now let me ask, Mike Glenn, to give you our economic forecast and then, Alan Graf, will comment on our results and the FY ‘15 outlook. Mike?
Mike Glenn: Thank you, Fred. Our U.S. GDP forecast is now 2.2% for calendar ‘14 and 3.1% for calendar ‘15. The change to calendar ‘14 is entirely due to bad weather and the inventory shift in the first quarter. Our expectations for economic growth for the remainder of the year have actually improved somewhat. We expect industrial production growth of 3.6% this year and 3.7% in calendar ‘15. The global economy is recovering from the Q1 setback in the U.S. and slowdown in China, and should steadily improve. We expect global growth of 2.7% in calendar ‘14 and 3.1% in calendar ’15. Now let me make a couple of comments on the company's yield performance by segment. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express Domestic package yield increased 0.9% in the fourth quarter. The increase was driven by weight and product mix. The Ground package yield increased 2.9% in the fourth quarter, excluding the impact of fuel. The year-over-year increase was driven by rate and discount, product mix and extra service fees. Excluding fuel, International Export Express package yield increased 3%, primarily driven by rate and discount improvement, package weight and product mix. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per hundredweight declined to 0.4% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Rates, however, improved during the quarter. Changes in other shipment characteristics including higher weight per shipment resulted in the year-over-year decline in the yield per hundredweight but contributed to margin improvement. The higher weight per shipment drove an increase in yield per shipment. And now, I’m going to turn it over to Alan Graf for his comments.
Alan Graf: Thank you Mike and good morning everyone. We had an outstanding fourth quarter. Our EPS of $2.46 is an increase of 15% on adjusted basis. And we achieved a corporate 10% operating margin. Ground play prominent role in our success this quarter with 19.5% operating margin. And freight’s income grew an impressive 51% versus last year's adjusted income. All of our segments increased operating income on an adjusted year-over-year basis, despite one fewer operating day. Express had a solid quarter. Express operating income was up 3% versus last year's adjusted income and operating margin improved to 6.8% despite the significant negative net impact of fuel in the quarter. International Priority volume stabilized after four quarters of decline. IP box volume grew 2% while lower yielding distribution services volume declined. International export yields increased 2% as improved rates, higher weight per package and favorable service mix more than offset lower fuel surcharges. These are clear indications that our yield management efforts are working. Turning to our Ground segment. Ground achieved 19.5% operating margin benefiting from 8% higher average daily volume, an increase revenue per package. SmartPost volumes declined 8% in the quarter but volumes increased 15% excluding the changes in shipping patterns from one large customer. Overall yields increased 8% for SmartPost. FedEx Freight also had an excellent quarter with operating income increasing $41 million versus last year's adjusted income. Freights less than truckload average daily shipments grew 12% in Q4 with 14% increase in demand for priority service. During FY ‘14 FedEx repurchased 36.8 million shares for approximately $5 billion, 9.9 million of those were acquired in the fourth quarter. At the end of FY ‘14, we had 287 million shares outstanding. Our buyback contributed approximately $0.12 per diluted share for the quarter and $0.07 per share for the full fiscal year. Our strong flow of cash from operations enable us to announce last week that we were boosting our dividend, our quarterly dividend by $0.05 per share for a total of $0.20 per share, up 33% from our previous dividend. During the quarter, we announced two pricing changes. Freight increased its published fuel surcharge indices by three percentage points, effective June 2nd. Ground will apply dimensional weight pricing to all shipments, effective in January of 2015. Currently Ground only applies dim weight pricing to packages over 3 cubic feet in size. This change better aligns our pricing with our cost to deliver. Turning now to the outlook. Based on the economic outlook that Mike talked about and the momentum we have, we project earnings of $8.50 to $9 per diluted share for FY ‘15. This outlook assumes no net year-over-year fuel impact and includes an approximately $0.45 benefit from share buyback, which were substantially completed in FY ‘14. A total of 5.3 million shares remained on our existing share repurchase authorization as of May 31 and we will complete the share repurchases this year. We are laser focused on improving operating results of all of our operating segments. For FY ‘15, we anticipate revenue and earnings growth from ongoing improvements in all of our transportation segments with moderate global economic growth driving volume and yield increases. Our overarching goal is to achieve annual double-digit operating margins for the total company in the near future. We expect revenues in earnings to increase at Express during FY ‘15 primarily due to improve U.S. domestic and international yields as we continue to focus on revenue quality and through ongoing execution of our profit improvement programs and great cost management. We have an Express business plan to exit FY ‘16 with a run rate of $1.6 billion in additional operating profit compared to what we achieved in FY ‘13. This plan of course is dependent on U.S. economic and global trade growth. It also will be backend loaded as our various cost reduction and efficiency programs continue to gain traction. Ground segment revenues and operating income are expected to grow in FY ‘15 led by volume growth across all our major services due to market share gains. We also anticipate yield growth in FY ‘15 through yield management programs including our recently announced dimensional weight rating changes. We expect continued revenue and operating income growth at the Freight segment as well in FY ‘15 driven by volume and revenue per share per shipment increases from our differentiated LTL services as well as continued improvement in network and operational optimization. The recent increase to our fuel surcharge rates for certain LTL shipment will also benefit yields in FY ‘15. We believe that our outlook is realistic and achievable but there are variables that can affect the outcome that are not in our control, including of course fuel prices, pension return on assets and pension plan discount rates as well as weather. Also global trade growth can have an outsized effect on our results. Our global trade growth is improving. It is still below historical norms. We do expect the pace of trade growth improvement to continue throughout calendar year ‘14 and into calendar year ‘15. As Fred mentioned, two of our finance executives are leaving in July. Cathy Ross will be replaced with Elise Jordan who will move from her position as Senior VP of Strategic, Financial Planning and Analysis at Express. Elise has 31 years of experience at Express and although we will miss Cathy, Elise will do a fantastic job for us. Mike Fryt, our Corporate Vice President of Tax will be replaced by Bobby Brown, who has 22 years with the company. Both Mike and Bobby were in Washington DC last week and will be there this week as well walking the halls of Congress discussing advantages of lower corporate tax rate. I’d like to thank Cathy and Mike for their exemplary leadership and wish both of them well in their retirement. Two other factors, we look at our tax rate for FY ‘15. We think the effective tax rate will be between 36% and 37% depending on the amount and source of operating income. You should note FY ‘14 was 36.3%. Our U.S. pension plans have substantial funds to meet expected benefit payments and is well-funded. Because of our strong asset returns, we expect lower retirement plan cost in FY ‘15. Our CapEx for FY ‘14 came in below our projection at a total of $3.5 billion as some projects were deferred into FY ‘15. CapEx for FY ‘15 is expected to increase to approximately $4.2 billion due to these deferrals as well as planned aircraft deliveries to support our fleet modernization program, one of the keys to our profit improvement program and the continued expansion of the Ground network. We are very focused on achieving double-digit corporate operating margins in the near-term and generating healthy cash flows. Our balance sheet remains strong. All the initiatives we're working on are designed to ensure the near and long-term success of FedEx and include our goal to provide superior returns for our shareowners, which we have demonstrated greatly in FY ‘14. Next we’ll the open the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we would take our first question from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. And congrats on the double-digit margins in the fourth quarter, it’s been a long time. So, nice to see. But talking about that pace of gains and looking at your outlook, can you talk about the shifting buckets and how expect the pace of improvements? Now that you’ve got all the employees that you would target or that accepted your plan to leave the payrolls, is that all now in the run rate number? Or can we still see some of that accrete into fiscal ’15, maybe just talk about the pace to get to that $8.50, $9 run rate you’re talking about?
Alan Graf: I’m going to get Dave take the bulk of this answer, but I just want to start off by saying that, obviously the international revenue outlook and global trade outlook today are significantly lower than they were in October of 2012 when we set out the five pillars. So we've had to significantly revise how we get to the 1.6. We’re still working hard. We’ll still get to generally in those categories, but we have to adjust our international network to be able to reach those goals. So we significantly have less capacity than we did in October of 2012, and we will let Dave talk about what his team is doing to continue this down the road.
Dave Bronczek: Thanks, Alan. And thanks for the question, Ken. Fred commented on it and Alan did also. We are on track and on target to hit our profit improvement by the end of running out of FY’16. But as importantly, we're on track and on target to run out FY’15 on track and on target at 75% of all the profits that we actually talked about in 2012. Alan’s right though, we actually have a different makeup and a different mix. We have better cost management. And partly because of the global shift of business, we had more deferred traffic that entered into our marketplace and into our network quite frankly than we did in 2012. So we had taken down some capacity. We realigned our networks. I wanted to thank all of our Express teams all around the world for actually doing a terrific job of resetting their priorities and realigning our network. And by the way in FY -- in the fourth quarter, Alan mentioned it as well, we had significant fuel headwinds in one less operating day and still beat our operating profit margin and profits year-over-year.
Fred Smith: We have a question off the Internet from [William Flan] (ph).
Unidentified Analyst: And this is a question for Bill. Moving forward, how will Freight get back to the levels of operating income seen in FY’06 and ’07? Are you more focus on cost and productivity or growth initiatives at this point?
Bill Logue: Okay. Good question. Again, first, we’re very pleased with our quarter. And again, as we stated back in the 2010-2011 timeframe, our objective is to get back Freight to the double-digit margins and we’re very pleased with this quarter. We’ve a solid business plan for FY’15. And I would just say that from an overall Freight perspective, our focus is on balance. We’re really going after a good balance between yield and volume for the business. The operating team has done a great job on productivity. So we’ll continue network design, focus on yield and volume growth as we move forward and that will continue as we march towards our objective of double-digit margins.
Operator: And we will take our next question over the phone lines from Rob Saman with Deutsche Bank.
Rob Saman - Deutsche Bank: Mike or Alan you guys talked a little bit about the Ground and way changes in your prepared remarks. Could you discuss a little bit how you see that those changes aiding the overall improvement that you're expecting with regard to the yields for the segment?
Mike Glenn: Well, thank you. The FedEx Ground didn’t change the contention of the dimensional weight pricing policy that we've had in place for some time. Dimensional weight pricing is a common industry practice as you know and it’s been in place for Ground for packages measuring 3 cubic feet or more for several years. So what we’re really doing is bringing consistency to the Ground and Express segment by applying the dimensional weight policy to all packages. It's important to note that we announced this change several months ahead of, when we would typically announce the price change and the reason for that is to give us plenty of time to work with customers to refine their packaging specs to make sure that the packaging moving through our system and the system of our customers is the most efficient, which will benefit both the customer and FedEx. So we're taking a very collaborative approach, working with our customers on this, making sure that they have access to our packaging lab and we’re working with them on a customer by customer basis as required to make necessary changes to improve their efficiency. So it will have a positive impact, obviously if we can improve the efficiency, the packaging that creates capacity in the network for us which is a positive thing.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to talk a little bit on the international side. It was good to hear the priority kind of flattening out a little bit. I was just wondering the couple of things. One is that maybe because of some growth you're seeing out of those regions or because market share gains or because we’re kind of seeing the bottom of the trade-down impact. And then going forward regarding your investment in that area, given the kind of sluggish growth rates, what are you guys thinking in terms of just general investment? Thank you.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. Let me answer the international priority question. First of all, it’s important to note that for FedEx Express international priority in our global network represents 74% of all of our international revenue. So it's always been and will always be a prominent dominant role in our network. And to the point that Alan made, our IP box grew 2% this quarter and our IP yields grew 2% this quarter. We did shift some traffic that was deferred out of our networks, that’s actually benefited the customer and benefited FedEx. So just wanted to make sure that the understanding for international priority is still the vast majority of our revenue in our networks.
Fred Smith: There is a question from Art Hatfield over the Internet.
Art Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates: Can you discuss a long-term trend on CapEx beyond 2015?
Fred Smith: We’re basically spending capital on two major initiatives. The first is the growth in our Ground network as we continue to exploit the great improvements that the Ground team had put in place over the last decade. And second to modernize our aircraft fleet. We’re not adding capacity. But every time we bring on one of these new fuel-efficient airplanes and replace the legacy capacity, we get immediate hit to the profitability of the company and build a much stronger long-term future. So I think we believe capital is going to stay in the same general area that you've seen it. But as Alan mentioned in his remarks, we’re very focused on improving our margins and improving our cash flow and EBITDA. So while the CapEx will remain high in absolute terms, we believe as a percentage of revenues, they should drift down, but the primary expenditure on those two programs that I just mentioned.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee - Citi: Thanks. Good morning. Just following up on that point, as you see the margin expansion go forward, how should we think about cash allocation from shareholder return standpoint, obviously a nice dividend increase that was announced a week ago? You're almost done with the buyback, should we expect more on that side, is that going to be more sort of regular part of the cash allocation strategy as we move into fiscal ‘15 and beyond?
Alan Graf: Hey, Chris. It’s Alan. Let me say that, echoing what Fred said, we have plenty of room for investment in fleet modernization Express and Ground, as well as to continue to provide return to our shareholders. And as I said, we’re going to finish the buyback the remaining authorization of 5.3 million shares, if not by the end of the quarter, certainly by the end of the calendar year. So we're continuing that. We had great discussions with our Board about this subject and [it's a kind of focus for us] (ph), not going to comment anything at this point, but we have it right in front of us as one of the objectives to continue to do along with getting the double-digit corporate margins.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie Capital.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Capital: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Can you provide a little bit more color on what happened in SmartPost during the quarter? I think you mentioned it was attributed to a particular customer, just a little detail on that? And then, how you think about the direction of SmartPost going forward, as B2C density improves, is there a desire to reduce reliance on SmartPost at all, especially as postal rate increased, so just how you think about that?
Henry Maier: Yeah. Hi, Kelly. This is Henry Maier. Year-over-year volume comps for SmartPost are really impacted by one customer who change their distribution model earlier in the year. If you exclude that one customer, SmartPost grew roughly 14 5% over the year. That's still a pretty good business. We are uniquely positioned to ride this wave that e-commerce is generating and I’ve talked about this before here, it’s a portfolio play with SmartPost for largely customers who want to offer free shipping and then FedEx Home Delivery for high-touch, high-visibility customers, who choose that type of service for their product. I don't think that those can be disconnected. Our customers increasingly are telling us that they want the option for both services in the portfolio and that’s the way we think about this.
Operator: Thank you. We will now take our next question from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks. Good morning. Just curious on within Ground, what type of margins just directionally, are you expecting going forward, with the initiatives that you have there in CapEx and OpEx to grow it out, just curious on a sense for that? Thanks.
Henry Maier : Hey, Scott. This is Henry Maier. Well, first of all, let me reiterate that the Ground team that includes me would not be satisfied with anything less than margins in the high-teens. We are laser focused on reducing our costs through state-of-the-art technology and disciplined expense control, and we’re focused on sound capacity investments improving our yields and producing industry-leading margin. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Jack Atkins - Stephens: Great. Thanks guys. Good morning. Just shifting over to the FedEx Freight segment for a moment? Could you maybe talk about what drove the strength in your LTL daily shipments in the quarter especially on the priority side. And then secondly, we've been hearing some rumblings about the potential for our second GRI in LTL role this year. Given that you guys are the market leader, is there any sort of color you could add around that, you think the market is strong enough to support a second GRI this year? Thank you.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Jack. Well, first of all let me say, we don't comment on the competitive pricing strategy at all. I couldn’t speculate regarding what others might do regarding GRIs. We've announced our GRI. We announced the change to the fuel surcharges. Alan mentioned so, I can't speculate on what others might do. The growth that we’re seeing at FedEx freight is driven by several things. One is a very positive customer response to the value proposition that we have which allows the selection between priority and economy services. Two is the outstanding service that we’re delivering at FedEx Freight. And the third point, which is significant as we've seen an increase in demand from small and midsize customers and that in large part is due to the great collaboration we have between the operating units all the way down to the ramp level in our sales team. They're executing to perfection in terms of the strategy that we've laid out. And as Bill said, it's allowing us to be very efficient in terms of growing our business with the proper balance between shipment growth and yield improvement to maximize margin. So that's really what you're seeing and we're very pleased with that and we plan to continue that strategy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Part of the guidance for 2015 was that fuel would be flat year-over-year. I was wondering if you could give us any sensitivities around how changes in fuel might impact 2015 earnings? For example the fuel prices are 5% higher or 5% lower, what would be the risk or benefit to profits?
Fred Smith: Allison, this is a very volatile part of our business on the short-term look on the P&L. And it really depends on the timing of what happens with fuel price and our surcharges versus what happened last year with the timing of prices and surcharges. So it's not just simply fuel price, it’s the relationship of fuel price to when we can catch up with the surcharge and how fast that is compared to what happened in the previous year. So we have had some years where we’ve had some thrilling impacts to the P&L both good and bad. And so what we’re saying in our guidance is that right now we’re not expecting for the corporation to have that happen this year but of course with things that are going on in the Middle East, it’s a big wildcard. And so we want to make sure that we call that out as a risk. It’s also a possible opportunity. But if fuel prices continue to go up, there is also the elasticity impact of the size of the fuel surcharge to how our customers react to that in terms of the selection of the service that we’re providing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Schoonmaker with Morningstar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar: Yes. Thanks. I’d like to ask about an aspect of the growth strategy. Would you please explain the importance of your recent investment in the national hub in Mexico and comment on key growth drivers you find attractive in this marketplace?
Dave Bronczek: Yeah. This is Dave. That was part of the multi pack acquisition we made down there, terrific domestic company that went along with our business we've already had in Mexico. And we see a lot of trade back-and-forth from Mexico to the United States, its increasing. A lot has shifted out of Asia quite frankly into Mexico. So the acquisition we made several years ago now is very valuable for our going forward profitability. It’s also part of the whole network done in the Latin America. As Mexico play such a key role in that whole part of the world. So it's a good call out. I appreciate that. Their hub is up and running, 65,000 handling packages a day and it can go up from there. So we’re doing very well down there and Juan Cento and his team are to be commended for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from William Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning. Mike, I was hoping to ask you a little bit more on the dim weight, I think in the past you talked about dim weight adding $100 million or so to the revenue line? Is this change bigger than that and along those lines, dim weight is not something you addressed in your annual price increases, should that change or is this sort of something you put in place, let it go for few years and won’t really affect the pricing beyond this year? Thank you.
Mike Glenn: Well, first of all, it would be difficult for me to speculate on the impact of the Ground dimensional weight price change, because as I mentioned, one other things that we are working on right now is helping our customers utilize more efficient packaging. I don't think I have to tell you, if you receive any kind of packages at your home, whether their cookies from grandma or an e-commerce package, they're not always packed efficiently. And so there is sufficient opportunity out there for us to work with customers to make better packaging decisions, which would obviously, significantly, impact the extent to which the dim weight change is actually applied in terms of billing. So, I certainly can't speculate, would not speculate on the bottom line impact dimensional weight change. But we are constantly evaluating all of our pricing policies and as you recall several years ago, we made a change to the dim weight divisor for both Express and Ground that has served FedEx well. We followed that up with this change and we will continue to evaluate those. But we look at dimensional weight pricing changes, GRIs and other surcharge and an extra service charge fees as part of an entire pricing strategy and yield management strategy.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. I want to add to that a little bit. It’s actually more beneficial from return on invested capital standpoint to have our customers adjust their packaging and for us to collect the dim surcharge. That’s because we basically get free space with no capital investment. So it's equal driver if not more important for that to occur.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith here. Let me make a comment on this in the context of a broader issue and that is the initiative on behalf of the entire LTL and Ground Parcel industry to have the federal standards for the twin trailers which are the standard in these sectors increase from 28-feet to 33-feet. A lot of time the general news media talks about quote the trucking industry, of course, it's divided into two parts, the truckload sector, which uses 53-foot trailers and often times those trailers are used to pull very heavy loads, which make it controversial in terms of road repair and so forth. In the Ground Parcel business and the LTL business, in both cases, you cube out long before you weight out. So if the federal standard were increased, there would be millions and millions of fewer miles driven per day, it’s about an 18% increase in cube, massive amounts of fuel saved and CO2 emissions avoided and you would actuarially eliminate over 400 accidents per year just by reducing the number of vehicles on the road. So the entire industry is behind this and we're very hopeful it will pass in Congress soon, because again, it's safer, it's more efficient and it’s less fuel, and it’s an exactly the same vein as this dimensional weight increase. At the end of the day with fuel prices where they are today, this industry must do everything it can to more efficiently utilize the cubic space, because we do not come up against weight limits only against cube limit.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thanks very much. I have a question for Henry on Ground side. We've seen margin expand at the fastest sequential rate we have seen in years, but rates are still slightly below last year's level? And so I am just trying to understand, couple things, one, can you help us understand like the, what drove the magnitude of growth sequentially, obviously, there is some seasonality in there, but it has been a noticeable pickup and acceleration? And can we assume that this sort of momentum continues so we can see margins in Ground sort of rival the fiscal ‘12 levels again? Thanks.
Henry Maier: Thanks, Tom. Well, I mean, the short answer is, is that the reason why we had the margin improvement over the third quarter is we stop piling snow, that’s -- I mean, that's the simple answer. I mean, once the weather went back to be and something close to normal and we remove a lot of those expenses. I mean everything normalize pretty quickly both on the operation side of the house for us and what we see with respect to customer shipping patterns. In regard to your question about fourth quarter margins versus last year, the biggest reason for the differences is simply a higher network expansion cost year-over-year. We have talked about our increase CapEx for capacity expansion. You can't grow 10% a year the way we've been growing the last couple years without add more capacity to the network and we’ve had to do that. And we do that from very disciplined standpoint with very high ROIC hurdles before we approve the project. I don’t know what more I can say about that, I hope that answers your question. But, I said at the outset here that, we are just simply not satisfied with anything other than margins in the high-teens at FedEx Ground and our operations team works very hard to control expenses and when we design these facilities, particularly the new ones, they include state-of-the-art material handling equipment to reduce our costs over the long-term. Thanks.
Fred Smith: We have a question over the Internet from Ben Hartford at Baird.
Ben Hartford - Baird: It basically is about acquisitions and will our strategy change as our capacity to support both increase returns to shareholders and larger scale acquisitions?
Fred Smith: Let me take the front part of this and then ask, Alan, if he wants to comment on it. Our policy towards acquisitions is not going to change, basically, we would look at a lot of things, but there are three factors that govern whether we have any interest and an acquisition whether it's a large entity or a small tuck-in entity. Number one, that there is got to be a strategic rationale for making the acquisition, second, that the technology, particularly the IT part and the corporate culture fit and third, that we don't overpay, because there is no reason to overpay for something and thereby decrease margins or your earnings. So, Alan, do you want to comment further on that?
Alan Graf: We like acquisitions. We are always looking with Fred’s three criteria, I think, guiding us. I think, we have made some great acquisitions over the years, Flying Tigers, Caliber, which was RPS, which is now Ground, which you will probably have more EBITDA this year than we paid for it. We have also not made some acquisitions that had been great. We have a culture fit or it’s going to be too expensive and as we look back on it, we are thankful for some of the moves we haven’t made. So, it’s a two-way street. My eyes are always open and we will continue to look, but that’s where we have always been.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Ross with Stifel, Nicolaus.
David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus: Yes. Good morning, everyone. Back to the pricing side of things, the dim pricing at FedEx Freight, we haven't seen density based pricing in LTL for awhile, but there's been a lot of chatter about getting rid of the old classification system and moving to more of a dimensional pricing there. How do you see the pricing direction at FedEx Freight? Can you move to dimensional soon? What will be the impediments to doing so?
Mike Glenn: This is Mike. Clearly, there are multiple considerations when making these pricing decisions. We operate in a very fragmented LTL space and certainly aware of some of the optional dimensional density-based pricing that is being offered in the segment to some customers. As the leader in the LTL industry in terms of revenue and volume, certainly we have a clear view of the market conditions and we will consider any opportunities to more efficiently price the LTL service. I think it is important to note that the class system that is used today is overly complicated. Now having said that, that doesn't mean the change occurs quickly. These are -- this is a pricing system that has been in place for decades and will take time to modify many customers like it and they don't want to get rid of it. And some customers are more open to different pricing strategies. So we will continue to evaluate the opportunities and work with customers, but I think it would serve the industry well over the long haul if the LTL pricing environment was simplified.
Bill Logue: Dave, let me add couple of comment. In this fiscal year, we will be rolling out some of the dim capture machines out there to really go out there and capture dims on our current business. Twofold, number one, it helps us with our classification and current pricing for existing business. But also more importantly, it builds up our costing files, we can really see as we go forward with the renegotiations on contracts or so forth to get it better really look at the actual costing. So once we build that database, it’s going to help us build -- help you really long-term to go out there and move towards that, as Mike said, the dimensional-based pricing solutions which will come over a period of time.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Andrew Gordon - Wolfe Research: Good morning. This is Andrew Gordon on for Scott Group. Henry, I just wanted to piggyback off of a Kelly’s earlier question on SmartPost if you don’t mind and sorry I’m asking to repeat yourself. But, can you clarify what do you mean by that one large customer’s change in shipping patterns as you call it? I’m wondering if they shifted volumes to the regular ground business or if it’s possible that they are differing some volumes? Or do you expect that this is just a complete exit of their business? And then lastly, was this strong yield growth in SmartPost, did you say was exclusively due to this customer’s actions or largely impacted by it? Thanks.
Henry Maier: Yes. I think the short answer is that the distribution change was made to go directly to the Postal Service as opposed to using SmartPost to get their packages into the USPS. Regarding yields, we’ve been focused on yields of SmartPost for some time. We are confident we will replace this customer’s volume with volume that is not only higher yielding but has better margins than the business it left. I can also tell you and I can’t tell you to what extent, but we believe that some of that volume also ended up in other FedEx networks. And the other thing I would say is that I don't believe all of it will leave. So hope that answers your question.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays: Yes. Good morning, everyone. I want -- kind of a two-part question, but both related. I want to follow up from Dave's earlier comments that it looks like you guys are well on track to achieve the 75% of the $1.6 billion in the run rate by the end of fiscal ‘15. Dave, does that mean that Express EBIT could actually be north of $2 billion for fiscal ’16? And then secondly, Alan, I also want to follow up on your conversation around reaching the full $1.6 billion, you did say that you're looking for better domestic and international trade growth. Can you perhaps expand upon that? What type of growth levels are you looking for to achieve those numbers?
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave. I will go first. I am just going to comment that what we talked about in 2012 was our profit improvement plan and I just wanted to say again we’re on target. We got there a little differently. And so I'm not sure how Alan all adds it up at the end of the day, but for us what was important for us is we ended up, coming up with the plan that we are now executing, for the end of FY ‘15 to be on target and the end of FY ‘16 to be on target. Alan?
Alan Graf: It used to be that international trade was a multiple of global GDP. And those days have passed and however we are, as Mike told you, looking for improvement in the global GDP through calendar ‘14 and certainly end of ‘15. And with that, we do expect global trade will pick up. I don't think it will be a multiple of GDP but we do expect it to pick up. And when it does, we have the best, fastest, most global network out there and we should benefit from it.
Fred Smith: In that regard, we got a question over the Internet from Michael Mathay, AllianceBernstein. I'll take part of this and then ask Dave to put some color on it.
Michael Mathay - AllianceBernstein: Can you provide an update on the Osaka hub and long-term impact for the Express business?
Fred Smith: Our strategy in the Express business to reiterate is to operate an unduplicated backbone priority network that allows people to move door-to-door express shipments of parcels and light freight between -- between almost any two points on the planet within one to two business days and not dissimilar to Freight and Ground. We also offer an economy service, which in the main is moved on other people’s networks because we have an extra day or so to process and customers make the choice between priority and economy. Same pickup-and-delivery operations, same information technology, same scanning and so forth and we think that that is a very winning strategy. The Osaka hub was an extraordinarily important piece to this puzzle. And I’ll ask Dave to comment on it because he was out there for the opening. But with our triple seven airplanes, we can come off of the Osaka hub and go straight into our major hubs in the United States which we do everyday and back to our hubs in Europe. And it's the fastest possible service with the latest possible pickup and the ability to add any point on the network without having to have a transpacific frequency. So this has been an integral part of our long-term strategy and plan. And I'll ask Dave to comment on it because again he was out there just recently.
Dave Bronczek: Thanks Fred and that's exactly right and that nothing short of spectacular. I was there in April for the ribbon cutting. The employees there are fantastic. The customers all showed up in big numbers and they are supporting our network out there and they told us that they would and they have. Fred is right, you can come off of Osaka and go all the way to Europe into our Charles de Gaulle hub. You can go to the United States, the fastest latest pickup times. You can come off of there with deferred traffic, which we also have. You load up all of our containers and all of those flights and so they're all full. It's been one of our better strategic initiatives that we put in place in many, many years. And I can tell you that it's very efficient, very successful. You can flex up off of that hub as trade goes up and you can flex down if you were to go down. So it's actually perfect.
Fred Smith: Let me just add that one of the objective that we’ve been after aside from the fact of improving our operating margin is to do what Dave just said is to provide much more flexibility in this network so that we can move much quicker than we’ve been able to do in the past, which should prevent us from having big down cycles as we react to this big huge fixed cost network. We’re getting more and more nimble and we’re going to continue to improve that over the next 24 months.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Thank you and good morning gentlemen. What’s your outlook as it relates to FedEx trade networks growth for fiscal year 2015. I’m just curious how should we think about both the air and ocean side as it relates to FedEx trade networks? Thank you.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave again and then Fred wanted to comment as well. But let me just say that it’s been a very big part of our whole portfolio. It's been very significant when we talk to very big customers or small but in the main, very big and they are looking for fast overnight. We've got that with our triple sevens and one they want deferred, we now have that in a big way with our ocean forwarding business in FedEx trade networks but more importantly, we now can go to a customer and bundle the whole portfolio in a way that we couldn't do in the past. So it's been very successful.
Mike Glenn: I just wanted to make a comment about the international transportation segment. I gave three speeches over the winter, which are published on the FedEx IR website. And I think one of the problems actually sometimes with people commenting on international trade and the air cargo business specifically is you don't break it into the granular sectors that we see on a day-to-day basis. And you really have to understand it in terms of the door-to-door express segment, the general air cargo segment and the ocean freight segment. And what customers are increasingly doing is moving to a more just-in-time door-to-door regime for the things that are important. And in that segment it is both priority and economy because you're talking about the difference between one to two days and two to four days, still massively faster than sea freight. But as the cost of fuel continues to go up, people are doing all kinds of things including relocating things to Mexico, which is why we several years ago bought a wonderful company in Mexico and we’re now uniquely positioned for the cross-border NAFTA trade there. And then the commodity freight is sort of toggling between the express segment and the sea freight segment. And that's where people get a little bit off base is they tend to look at the market as much more holistic than it actually is. 
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon - Bernstein: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Dave, maybe you could comment a little bit on productivity and capacity utilization levels you’re seen in the Express network today? And how much better you think those levels could get over the course of the next years in restructuring program?
Dave Bronczek: Yes. Thanks for the question. And I meant to comment on this earlier. We talk about international all the time, but our US domestic Express team is doing a fantastic job. They've had attrition and they haven’t backfilled people in the past and going forward that will continue to be the case with consolidated facilities, with consolidated routes. Productivity is going up. Efficiency is going up. The restructuring transformation in the United States is very significant in our plans going forward. So the United States team that’s listening to this call, I wanted to thanks them and congratulate them as well. We talk about international up, but as importantly the United States Express team.
Alan Graf: David, this is Alan. I just want to add that our use of technology here is unbelievable. The productivity that we’re driving, the efficiencies that we’re driving through the great technology that we have and that we’re developing is making a big impact on this productivity issues. We couldn’t do without it frankly and there’s more to come here. And we’re getting traction everyday and I’d like to turn over to my partner Rob Carter to talk about that.
Rob Carter: One of the key elements of the profit improvement program was technology. Whether it was taking down the cost of technology and deploying more efficient and modern technology across the board, we’re helping our operating friends operate their businesses more effectively with great technologies. We’re proud to be a part of these movements and there is more to come. Like Alan said, we’re making significant investments in modernizing and simplifying our technology as well as improving speed to market.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Jeff Kauffman with Buckingham Research.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research: Thank you very much. Lot of my questions have been hit. Alan, real quick, you mentioned the pension expense being reconfigured for next year. The markets are up quite a bit over the past year. Could you quantify how much lower you believe your pension expense could be in 2015 versus 2014 in terms of how you’re thinking about that forward guidance?
Alan Graf: It will definitely be a significantly lower number in ‘15 and ’14 as was ‘14 versus ’13. Jeff, it was on the back of very strong return on assets. We actually had another discount rate decrease at our measurement date, which was May 31, which was a little surprising. But offsetting that are we have merit increases, we have healthcare increases. Hopefully as the company does better, we’re going to rebuild our annual incentive pools to higher level. So we’re going to use some of that pension good news to put in it additional programs for our employees and that's all in the guidance.
Operator: Thank you. It appears there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Mickey Foster, I’d like to turn the conference back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you very much for your participation in FedEx Corporation fourth quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team, if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-03-19 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to FedEx Corporation third quarter fiscal year 2014 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings conference call. The third quarter earnings release and our 31-page stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. You are listening to the call through our live webcast; feel free to submit your questions via e-mail or a message on stocktwits.com. For email, please include your full name and contact information with your question, and send it to ir@fedex.com address. To send a question via stocktwits.com, please be sure to include $FDX in the message. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term, strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the investor relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning everyone and welcome to our discussion of results for the third quarter of fiscal 2014. First, I'd like to say that on behalf of more than 300,000 FedEx team members around the world, we are deeply saddened by the disappearance of the Malaysian Airlines flight and extend our deepest concerns to the families and friends of those aboard. Now as we all know, historically severe winter weather has been a factor in all of our lives these last several months and it has significantly affected our third quarter earnings. In fact, it’s been the toughest winter in which FedEx has ever operated. We’re very proud, however, of the FedEx team for delivering outstanding service despite the hardships posed by a severe weather during December’s peak shipping season when many team members volunteered to work on Christmas Day, and then in January and February when it really got bad. So, let’s hope for spring. Delivery metrics for this year’s peak shipping season were among our best ever, I might note; thanks to the unique FedEx culture based on our Purple Promise to make every FedEx experience outstanding. The FedEx strategy of maintaining separate Ground and Express network with multiple hubs proved to be especially important during the season and an advantage for our customers during that severe weather and the peak shipping season. On days when the weather was closer to normal seasonal conditions, our volumes were solid and service levels were high. Despite the near-term impact of weather, the $1.6 billion profit improvement program at FedEx Express remains on track. Our accelerated stock repurchase program initiated in January reflects our confidence in achieving our ambitious financial goal. A couple of points worth noting, FedEx Express next month is scheduled to formally open its North Asia-Pacific regional hub at Kansai International Airport in Osaka reaffirming our commitment to providing customers with greater access to and from markets in Asia-Pacific, the Americas, and Europe. Express will be opening a new hub station and call center in Mexico City in the coming week, and recently reached a significant milestone in its European growth initiative which started in October 2011 and now has seen FedEx Express Europe opening its 100th new station in Seville, Southern Spain. I would like to call your attention to two recent speeches on global trade and transportation that I gave for the Company to both air and ocean transport professionals. These two presentations are posted on the Investor Relations website, and I think they will give you a good view of our view of the overall market. In closing, I’d like to congratulate the entire FedEx team for making the Fortune’s World's Most Admired Companies list once again. FedEx is ranked number eight overall and number one in the delivery industry. Now let me turn the call over to Mike Glenn and Alan Graf.
Mike Glenn: Thank you, Fred. I’ll give some brief comments regarding our economic outlook as well as our yield performance during the quarter. We expect economic growth to look better in calendar ’14 than in calendar ’13, though growth remains moderate overall. Our U.S. GDP growth forecast is 2.6% for calendar ’14 and 3% for calendar ’15. For industrial production, we expect growth of 3.4% in calendar ’14 and 3.7% in calendar ’15. On a global front, we expect growth of 2.8% globally in calendar ’14 and 3.1% for calendar ’15. Turning to yields, in the Express Domestic segment excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express domestic yield per package increased 1.9%. This increase was primarily driven by rate and discount improvement followed by weight per package and service mix. In the Ground segment, yield per package increased 2.4% excluding the impact of fuel. The year-over-year increase was driven by product mix, rate, and discount improvements and an increase in extra service charges. In the international Export Express segment excluding fuel, yields increased 1.7% primarily due to a change in service mix. In our FedEx Freight segment, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per hundredweight declined 1.9% year over year. Rate and discount improved during the quarter and weight per shipment increased. Overall, FedEx had a very strong peak season, and I want to thank all of our team members for delivering on The Purple Promise. And now, I’ll turn it over to Alan Graf.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. Winter weather often negatively impacts our third quarter results but the impact of multiple severe storms during the third quarter of 2014 was more pronounced than usual, reducing earnings by an estimated $125 million versus last year. Our results for the third quarter also included a negative impact of fuel. These headwinds were partially offset by the benefit across all of our transportation segments of one additional operating day as well as reduced growth in salaries and benefits. Revenues increased 3% to $11.3 billion, primarily due to higher volumes at Ground and Freight, and as Mike mentioned, yield increases at FedEx Ground. Express revenues were flat due to the negative impact of lower freight revenue, lower fuel surcharges, and as I mentioned the unusually severe winter weather offset by a stronger base U.S. and international export package business and one additional operating day. The demand shift from our Priority International services to our Economy International services continued to negatively impact our results in the near term. Express operating income and operating margin increased due to stronger U.S. and international export package business and lower pension expense, partially offset by the lower freight revenues, the estimated $70 million year-over-year negative impact on operating income of winter weather, as well as higher depreciation expense. In addition, operating income benefited from one additional operating day and the inclusion of costs associated with our business realignment program and the prior year results. Operating income also reflects a negative net impact on fuel. Turning to our Ground segment, revenues increased 10% to $3 billion due to both volume and yield growth at Ground and volume growth at SmartPost. In addition, revenues were negatively impacted by the severe winter weather and were partially offset by one additional operating day. Average daily volume at Ground increased 8% while SmartPost volumes grew 2%. Ground segment operating income increased 2% to $477 million driven by the higher volumes and yields. Operating income includes the estimated $40 million year-over-year negative impact of winter weather at Ground. In addition, the increase to operating income was partially offset by higher network expansion cost as we continue to invest heavily in the growing FedEx Ground and FedEx SmartPost businesses as well as the net negative impact of fuel. The Ground segment results also benefited from delayed start of the holiday shipping season in this fiscal year and one additional operating day. The decline in operating margin is primarily attributable to the negative impact of the severe winter weather and the negative net impact of fuel. At Freight, revenues increased 9% due to growth in average daily less than truckload shipments of 7% as well as weight per LTL shipment. In addition, the quarter was positively impacted by one more operating day partially offset by the negative impact of winter weather. Freight segment operating income and operating margin increased due to the positive impacts, the higher average daily LTL shipments, higher LTL weight per shipments, and greater utilization of rail in the FedEx Freight economy service offerings. Fuel costs increased 3% due to higher average daily LTL shipments. On March 3rd Freight announced it will increase certain U.S. and other shipping rates by an average to 3.9% on March 31. As we look at our outlook, I should remind everyone that as of February 28, 2014 approximately 75% of the 3,600 employees accepting voluntary buyout, vacated their position. The remaining 25% will depart by May 31, 2014. Our third quarter results included benefits from the voluntary severance program, and additional benefits realized from our voluntary severance program will continue as the fiscal year progresses. We expect the earnings growth to continue in the fourth quarter driven by ongoing improvements in the results of all of our transportation segments. Our expected results for the fourth quarter will continue to be constrained by the low end of moderate growth in the global economy and continued challenges in demand shift trend from our priority international services to our economy international services at FedEx Express. We project earnings to be $2.25 to $2.50 per diluted share in the fourth quarter and $6.55 to $6.80 per diluted share for fiscal 2014. We are reducing our full-year earnings per share guidance, largely as a result of the weather impact in Q3 and the beginning of Q4. The outlook also assumes the market outlook for fuel prices and continued moderate economic growth. This outlook reflects share purchases made to date, but does not include any benefit from additional share purchases. We do plan to continue purchasing shares under the program but have no specific timeframe for completion. As of February 28, we have 15.2 million shares remaining under our current. We continue to execute on the profit improvement programs we announced in October 2012. These activities are focused primarily at Express and Services. The majority of the benefits from our profit improvement programs will not incur until fiscal 2015 and to a greater extent in fiscal 2015. Our ability to achieve the profit improvement target and other benefits from these programs is dependent upon a number of factors including the health of the global economy and future customer demand particularly for our priority services, which has not returned to the growth trends that we assumed in October 2012 when we announced the profit improvement program. In our economic outlook as Mike discussed, coupled with continued execution of our profit improvement programs in Express and profit growth at Ground and Freight, earnings, returns, and cash flow should all increase over the next several year. I would like to thank all of our team members for their hard work and dedication during the severe bad weather the past several months. Our service levels were outstanding and they are truly an amazing team. Now we’ll be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We’ll take our first question from Justin Yagerman, Deutsche Bank.
Rob Saman: Good morning guys, this is Rob Saman on for Justin. I guess, Alan, going back to the profit -- 1.6 profit improvement plan at Express, could you give us a sense what the cost run rate was on that profit improvement at the end of the fiscal third-quarter and how much you’re expecting to see that ramp up in fiscal ‘15 and ’16; if you could talk a little bit about some of the cost tailwinds you’ll get from the opening of the Osaka hub, looking out later this month.
Alan Graf: Rob, I'll be happy to start the conversation and then I'll ask Dave to make some comments. I think the – well, I am most pleased about our profit improvement program is our cost management, not just at Express, but really across all of FedEx Corporation. It's been an outstanding job. We’re seeing a lot of traction, I am pretty excited about what we're going to deliver in ‘15 and particularly towards the end of ’15 on our outgoing run rate. We are in our business planning cycle right now for ’15. So I'll have a lot more to say about that in June when we will tell you about the end of our year, and what we think '15 is going to look like, but that is not only on track, but probably ahead of plan. As we -- as I alluded to in my opening comments, we are not seeing a strong international trade and global growth right now as we had anticipated back in October of 2012. So, we are going to have to continue to work very hard on rightsizing our network, which Dave is going to talk to you about here next to match our new strategy which is to embrace international economy, and we’re doing a good job there and we're going to really pick up a lot of traction on that in the next 12 to 18 months. So, let me pass it to Dave.
Dave Bronczek: Thanks Alan. Thank you Rob for the question. We are having great success with our fleet modernization. Our Boeing 777’s are flying at well in excess of 99-plus reliability and service performance. Our new 767s are flying even greater than that in the high 99% range. We’re very pleased with that. Obviously the aircraft maintenance fees and so forth are reflected in that because we have brand new engines and new planes, and so we’re very pleased with that. We’re pleased with the voluntary buyout at Express. It’s actually more along the lines of 90% of our people have now accepted the plan, even though corporately it’s at 75%. And in the United States, if you look at our numbers, there you saw the 1% decline in our salaries and wages and benefits line, that’s in spite of the fact that we had the bad weather and so forth. We’re making tremendous progress there and really across the Board in all of our five pillars for profit improvement, but on the issue of Osaka, that actually affects and improves our profit improvement for international, we’re very excited about that. I'll be there in April to do the ribbon cutting. We have lot of customers that are joining us there that gives us a tremendous amount of flexibility on volume increases or decreases quite frankly. There is a lot of flexibility to move up and down in our change of gauge operations in Asia Pacific coming into the United States. So we’re very pleased that that is allowing us more flexibility. We’re also taking advantage of the underbelly capacity that’s around the world in moving our deferred traffic in several lanes that are lower cost for us. So, right across the board, we’re executing our plans and we’re very confident.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Nate Brochmann, William Blair & Company.
Nate Brochmann: Good morning everyone. Thank you for taking the question. I just wanted to talk a little bit, clearly there is lot of network disruption both on the revenue and the cost side during the quarter. Can you break that down for us a little bit in terms of what was the revenue impact and what rebates you might have had to give back if there was any service disruptions over the holidays versus what’s on the cost side? And as you talk about some of those costs going into the next quarter, where you’re seeing the biggest impact and trying to make adjustments there? Thank you.
Alan Graf: Nate, this is Alan I’ll start and I’ll have the Opco’s CEOs all comment on it. This was really unprecedented winter weather. We had bad winter in fiscal ’11, but we are so much more advanced and so much more productive today than we were back then. To have a $125 million impact to us was really beyond the realm of believable for almost all of us. In Express, we estimate probably lost 40,000 packages a day for the quarter, Ground probably lost 100,000 packages a day for the quarter. Obviously, we had significant amount of over time, de-icing planes in the wrong place. We had a number of service disruptions that we had to declare, but fortunately because of the flexibility of our separate operating company and the number of hubs that we have at Express, we were really able to maintain an unbelievably high service level. And our customers were very excited about that. We were open on Christmas. Henry will talk to you about how he ran his hubs seven days to week to meet customers’ demand and service levels. And so, even though it was a big impact, we were very pleased with how well we performed and we would have had an unbelievable quarter had it not been for the weather and the fuel headwinds. I’ll let Dave add to that and Henry.
Dave Bronczek: Yes, thanks Alan, that’s right. We showed an improvement of 14% this quarter year-over-year and that of course was -- we should have done much better than that if the $70 million of weather impact wouldn’t have impacted this quarter, but we ended up having the flexibility once again, although it cost us some money to move planes around and move customers’ packages around. When Indianapolis got clobbered with weather and ice and snow, we were able to move it to Memphis and vice versa and New York was the same. So we weren’t paralyzed with one hub that would be shut down over a long period of time. We were able to be more flexible. Our customers have told us repeatedly how greatly they appreciated the fact that we were able to move their packages around over the holiday peak and through January and February, and quite frankly, it did cost us a little bit more money and more overtime and more deicing and -- but I am very, very proud of our team at Express, they did a tremendous job.
Henry Maier: Hey, Nate, this is Henry Maier. FedEx Ground operates a highly engineered and automated network that enables us to be faster and more reliable than the competition. But significant weather events therefore can disrupt the precision of our network driving increased costs. I think at last tally I think we had 20 significant weather events in the quarter. While safety is always our top priority if line haul loads don’t move due to unsafe conditions or road closures, our hubs get behind causing short times to be extended. This puts the end of the line stations behind requiring them to work more hours to recover. As Alan said, while we plan to work seven days a week at peak in the months of January and February, we had a weekend operation running somewhere every single weekend. So the impact of weather and fuel on our margin for the quarter was roughly 1.5 points, but thanks to the incredible dedication and professionalism of FedEx Ground people, we were able to provide safe and reliable service despite the worse weather we’ve seen in four years.
Bill Logue: Yes, this is Bill, on the Freight side, again revenue up 9% for the quarter was an excellent quarter for us from that perspective. It probably was impacted on certain days by the weather. I would say the overall impact was large in our operating income although we had a really good quarter, it was held back due to the impact of the weather for sure. The line haul side of it, particularly the rail side, we saw some good utilization of rail that helped us work through these winter challenges, that was a positive. And these front line efficiencies obviously, anytime you go through these weather events, it will slow you down and make you -- impact you significant on your cost structure. I would say from my perspective, the big challenge this winter was, it wasn’t one big event here, one big event there, it was weekly. There was always some event every week which is very challenging to run a line haul network when you have constant events week-to-week. Overall, I think the team did a fabulous job of working through the situation.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Ben Hartford of Baird.
Ben Hartford: Hey good morning. Alan, could you provide a little bit of context to the CapEx number following $200 million. We got the flight schedule here. It looks like there is some shifting here in 2014. Can you talk about the reduction in CapEx? What the source of that reduction here is for the fiscal year? And then can you provide any context for the next couple of years? I know it’s early. I know you are in your budgeting process, but whether the $4 billion CapEx number over the next couple of years is still the right number that we should be thinking about. Thanks.
Alan Graf: Largely timing and also we continue to scrub and purchase better and push things out. Again, we're at the low end of the moderate economy growth frankly as [I'll say] (ph) slow in my opinion and the weakest recovery from any recession even. There are a lot of reasons and so that’s enabled us to do licensing. Having said that, we still are committed to our re-fleeting at Express and our expansion at Ground and I think if you take note of our great improvement that we're having at Freight, we're very pleased for what that is and are expecting great things from them over the next couple of years. So, we'll probably stay in the pretty high range of the $4 billion or so and a lot of that will be determined by timing, whether our plan is delivered in May or June, obviously can impact that. But we don’t have anything other than from pushing back and timing issues right now and we're still committed for that. We need those 767s, I mean every time we get a 767 and replace it with MD-10, it's a $10 million annual positive impact to the P&L despite the higher depreciation. So, we're going to continue that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee, Citi.
Chris Wetherbee: Hey thanks. Good morning. When you think about the total value of the profit improvement plan relative to some of the progress you've made so far which sounds like it’s kind of working in the right direction and doing well relative to expectations and then comparing that to sort of the economic backdrop which is maybe a little disappointing relative to what you initially thought. Does that change your thoughts and your ability to get that for '16? I guess I am just kind of understand sort of the puts and takes both for short-term and longer term as you think about that sort of total number.
Alan Graf: I will start and then I will pass it over to Dave. I mean we still are committed to having a 1.6 billion profit improvement as we exit fiscal ‘16 going into ‘17. We can still see it very clearly but it’s not the same way we constructed it back in October of 2012, no question about it. Fuel prices have been working against this, and they could have been a benefit over the next couple of years in terms of that timing. We've had some benefits from pension and we'll see where long-term interest rates go, but basically as I said earlier, our cost programs working exactly as designed if not better. Our productivity improvements are very good although there were totally masked, had bad weather in Q3, you will see in Q4. I think the range I gave you for Q4 is pretty heroic for us and that will give you an idea of how will we executing FY14. Dave?
Dave Bronczek: Alan is right about all the expense initiatives. They are all performing exceptionally well. We didn’t put in, if you will recall, in our 1.6 billion profit improvement, very much incremental revenues. It was mostly expense. The challenge for us is the base revenue of course, so if the base revenue deteriorates, we'll have to find more opportunities on expense and that’s the balancing act that Alan has mentioned several times and that we're reviewing all the time. So, yes, we are performing well in all the areas of our expenses. Global economy isn’t what we thought it would be and so we're looking at other opportunities on expenses. Now that being said, the global economy gets a little bit better, it’s all good news.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Group of Wolfe Research.
Scott Group: Hey thanks, morning guys. Wanted to ask about the Ground segment and first on the volume side, so last quarter there was the issue of Cyber weekend pushed into this quarter and we didn’t see that shop and better volume this quarter, I know there’s some weather here. But how do you think or how should we think about Ground volumes going forward? Can we get back to a double-digit volume growth rate or is that unreasonable here? And then just along the same lines, just on the Ground side, when do you think it’s reasonable to think Ground margins turn positive year-over-year again?
Henry Maier: This is Henry Maier. Let me talk for a minute about peak. The Ground segment experienced record peak in terms of revenue, volume and service. And despite certain challenges including the compressed calendar and weather, our on-time service for the month of December exceeded 99%. So we feel really good about that, I mean a lot of -- some of the volume decline in the quarter was driven by the fact that customers work shorter days or work low, we saw more customer closures in the quarter than we have in memory. I mean certainly in my 30 some year career in this business, I have never seen the number of major cities in the mid-west and east entirely shut down for a day due to weather and unfortunately we don’t see that volume come back when things recover. So I think also Fred said in his release that on days where we had good weather, our volume performed exactly the way we expected it to, when we didn’t have good weather, we were off considerably from what we expected it to be. So I think a lot of what you’re seeing in the quarter is driven by this very severe weather situation we’ve had in last quarter. And I’ll tell you that nobody more than the Ground team and the rest of the Express team are looking forward to spring coming. With respect to our margins, I can tell you that we expect margins in the mid-teens. As I have said before on this call, there isn’t anybody on the Ground team that would be satisfied with anything less.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter of Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter: Great, good morning. I just want to follow up on the cost side. I guess if you look at your profit improvement plan and if you add the one point of impact to Express, you would have done a 3% margin ex the weather, that’s up about 70 basis points, in the first quarter you had 50 basis point year-over-year, second quarter is a little murky given Hurricane Sandy a year ago. So it doesn’t seem like the benefits are accelerating to a very large extent in terms of hanging in that 50, 70 basis point improvement year-over-year. In order to try to get to your double-digit margin target, I guess how much more of the profit improvement plan do you still have to execute on and can you still meet that kind of 75% done by the end of next fiscal year target?
Alan Graf: Ken I will just tell you that I am not trying to time it anymore because of the changes that we've seen in the course of our strategic change. I feel very good about how we’ll be exiting FY15, although we’re not done with our business plan. And as you look at -- if we look at where we’re going to go, this is going to continue to fill. As we said, we still have not exited all the people that we were and Dave takes a very big burden in the services expenses. Fuel has worked against this again this year and it's a fairly significant number on an annual basis and we’re hopeful that that will turn because it should average out in the long run and that should be also a benefit in the next couple of years, we’ll have to see. But as I said and as Fred said, we are still on track, we will be on pace by a year from now to be pretty close to that number on an exit basis. Not an average for the year but on an exit basis. Dave.
Dave Bronczek: That’s right, the end of the FY15 and through FY16 it's by the end of FY16 is what we’ve always targeted. Of course the profit improvement includes the voluntary buyout and the fleet monetization and all those things start building on each other and they accumulate. So, one thing that has been a major drag for us this year has been fuel, the net fuel and they always reverse but this year has been an incredibly difficult year for us on net fuel. And so when you look at our expenses, if not in a big way, I mean we talked about whether this year, in the third quarter fuel dwarfs that for the FY14.
Alan Graf: Also one last thing Ken, we are learning and doing very good job of handling this very strong growth in an international economy, bringing our cost structure right there, that’s going to take a little bit longer than I might have anticipated in October 2012. But frankly we didn’t see how much the ship was going to be. IP is still growing but at low rates, international economy is growing very strong and so that continues to grow and we continue to manage that cost structure that will also accelerate our profit improvement.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie.
Kelly Dougherty: Hi thanks for taking my question. Fred, I just wanted to have the bigger picture questions to you kind of the changing landscape with e-commerce, sure you have heard about suggestion that FedEx and UPS can’t be fast enough or nimble enough to meet the needs of some of these guys and they are more relying on regional delivery companies. I just want to get your thoughts on that suggestion. And then maybe what you may be doing to adapt to some of the changes that e-commerce is obviously bringing despite your peaks, things like that.
Fred Smith: Well, let me say a couple of things on a broad scale and then I’m going to ask Mike Glenn if he will comment about e-commerce overall. Couples of things that you got to remember about e-commerce, in certain ways its back to the future. There was a very large business of catalogue, shopping a long time before there was e-commerce, it’s just the order entry system was a piece of paper or telephone versus a mobile iPhone or a wonderful app or excellent software by an e-commerce provider and the primary delivery mechanism for e-commerce for catalogue delivery was in the past and it will remain for the foreseeable future, the postal services around the world because you are moving mostly lightweight items in the residences and the challenges of moving lightweight items in the residences are very formidable in terms of the cost structure. So, our operations in the residential sector we very carefully manage and I think one of the reasons we had a great deep season is because Mike’s sales and solutions group run by Don Colleran do a very good job of contracting with our customers so that we don’t over promise or say we can do things that end up not being able to do. And when we launched FedEx Home Delivery, Henry was very involved in that and we recall as well it was important that we had traffic demographics of a certain weight per package and certain revenues that made it profitable from the get go. So, the real challenge about the e-commerce role is delivering those lightweight items to residences and Amazon talks about this constantly, the postal services getting a lot of business from various sources because of e-commerce and probably the biggest challenge is the fact that so much of the business comes in such a short period of time. And obviously it is not possible to make these enormous capital investments for two or three weeks out of the year. So, I suspect that what you will see on a go forward basis is a bit of realism on the part of consumers and providers as to what the infrastructures can provide even the postal service, because remember, the postal service is not geared up to operate for just those two or three weeks either. So, there will be lots of innovative solutions in this regard. One thing is very clear and that is the information systems that the consumer driven mobile society have today are very, very important. You can’t just drop a package for an e-commerce shipper into an anonymous hole and they’re going to be satisfied where they are coming out sometime on an indefinite delivery window. They actively want to be a part of that process, they want to know when it shipped, they want to be able to redirect it to a location. This is an incredible capability that we have and UPS also have and it’s going to become a bigger and bigger feature. So, it’s hard to see the landscape as this thing rolls out but we’ll take a very disciplined approach in our presence in that business, because you can clearly go broke trying to delivery non-compensatory packages in to people’s homes. Mike?
Mike Glenn: Thank you, Fred. Let me just say e-commerce has a long runway of growth opportunity for FedEx both domestically and internationally and we’re poised and well positioned to benefit from that, the range of services that we have running from same day delivery in select markets to home delivery in smart approach aligned perfectly with the needs of e-commerce customers and I can tell you based upon our discussions with small and large e-commerce customers, there is certainly a need for the service and they appreciate the portfolio that we offer. Regarding regional carriers, they have long play to role in this market segment and will continue to do so. Having said that, they do not offer the same feature to service that FedEx offers and certainly the same level of reliability that FedEx offers. And regarding speed, let me just make the point that nobody operates faster networks than FedEx. So, we are very comfortable with our ability to provide the flexibility that we need to meet the needs of e-commerce customers. I think, the point that Fred made that its critical for us though is to be selective, you can go after a lot of e-commerce volume and be pretty pleased with your year-over-year growth rates but that doesn’t necessarily mean it’s going to fall out of the bottom line. So, we have taken a very disciplined approach and one of the things that we have to take into consideration is the big impact. You can’t, as Fred said invest significant capital to operate three to four weeks out of the year. So, when we are pursuing growth opportunities in e-commerce, we make sure that we have a proper balance between growth, the 11th month of the year versus the growth in P. So, we have a disciplined process, but I can tell you that nobody operates faster networks than we do, nobody has the breadth of services that we do to serve e-commerce. And we're pleased with our position and as I said, there is a long runway of growth opportunity for FedEx here.
Alan Graf: I might just ask Rob Carter to comment on the incredible demands that consumers are placing on carriers in the e-commerce sector?
Robert Carter: Well, not just consumers, but the entire information ecosystem is so explosively growing around this. As our volumes peak in our network, our information systems peak at an even greater rate, so you can see when you watch this technology, you can see the consumer interacting with the shipments that are far greater percentage than they have even been in the past. They carry it with them in their pockets and on their tablets, so the shopping phenomenon is certainly a big part of it but also the tracking and accountability of that delivery is a big deal in today's consumer world and with the technology that they are equipped with.
Alan Graf: I will just make one final comment and then hopefully we've answered the e-commerce landscape question. One of the things that happened during the peak season this last time is there was a disconnect between when the merchants in some cases were shipping the items, they in essence showed that they have been shipped when they actually have not been tendered to the carriers. And of course, if you don’t have a possession scan or know that creates a lot of pressure and extra work on part of the our customer service folks [that connect] (ph) in our particular case. I think you will see that very much change this go around and that will eliminate a lot of the -- I think the angst that a lot of people had when they placed an order, they think it’s underway. It actually hasn’t been tendered through a carrier, that gap is going to be closed and people will have a much better visibility of what’s actually going on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger of Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger: Thanks. Good morning. Shifting to FedEx and international, the 8% volume growth obviously very strong, we've seen it above double-digits recently. Just curious, is that something that you see returning to higher growth rate? Was there something regional moving around there? And then as a follow-up, could you just address the capacity issue brand specific any update there? Thank you.
Alan Graf: Yes, that’s correct. We have been running double-digit and of course it was 8% international economy and we feel strongly that, that will continue to grow. Don’t forget in the international export and economy, its U.S. International is part of that international number and we did get some weather impact into our volumes even in U.S. International OPA. And from to a certain degree from Asia back into the U.S. because the plant being shut down, because of the weather back here in U.S., we have a tremendous market share, as you know. So, we're very bullish on international economy. We've repositioned our network so we can move our more lighter weight deferred traffic into the belly of some of our partners now and leaving our very valuable, very fast, very reliable PurpleTail fleet available for that higher yield and package.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. let me make a comment here because I suggest that you read the speeches we put up on our IR network. It’s important to focus on the details of what we say in those speeches and not just the top line. The reality is the Express market continues to grow. The global Express market continues to grow and we continue to take market share within the global Express market. The sea container business continues to grow. What’s changed is the commodity air freight, the big consolidations going generally airport to airport and that cohort is being squeezed from both the door-to-door Express which, if it’s very urgent and time critical, moves on our priority network and the opening of the new Osaka hub will be terrific in that regard of giving us these unprecedented transit time. And if customers are willing to take another couple of days in transit, same pick up in delivery, same IP interface, customs clearance and so forth but that can we loop in these prolific underbelly. And electronics are a technology product, are a very big part of the total air cargo market in its broadest sense, but many of those products are much lighter weight today. They are not being -- the new products are not being introduced, so the type of door-to-door small shipments light freight and packages is continuing to grow because the internet in this perfect shopping universe are there by being connected to everybody else is creating this force field, that’s why Mike Glenn said that international e-commerce has a long runway. So it’s important that you separate these market segments to be able to correctly analyse the marketplaces that we’re working at, and we’re also in that sea freight and commodity air freight business with FedEx trade networks, we can handle that too. But the growth area is basically the door-to-door Express segment.
Operator: Thank you. And we’ll take our next question from Jack Atkins of Stephens.
Jack Atkins: Good morning guys, thanks for the time. I guess to focus my question on, I am curious if you could maybe comment on what sort of abnormal weather impact if any, that you’re assuming for the fourth quarter guidance. And could you maybe quantify the negative impact from fuels, the consolidated operating income relative to your expectations in the third quarter. Thank you.
Alan Graf: Well we didn’t give any guidance on the third quarter, so I’ll just say that our guidance for the year is always anticipated that we would have some negative impact in fuel year-over-year and that’s about as far as we’re going to go on quantifying that. So, we don’t -- it’s not a GAAP number, I’ll just remind you that there is a lag time between when we buy fuel and when we can surcharge fuel. And that means that there is anomaly between and a disconnect between year-over-year this year and year-over-year last year. In the long run it should even out and that of course ignores the elasticity of the fuel surcharge itself but from your cost standpoint it should average out. So we weren’t surprised by that, but we thought it was important to remind everybody that it did have a year-over-year impact.
Operator: Thank you. And we’ll take our next question from Tom Wadewitz, JPMorgan.
Tom Wadewitz: Good morning, Alan I know this is a quarter early really to talk about fiscal ‘15 you’ve already mentioned you haven’t done the full planning. But I was wondering perhaps you could provide a broad comment. If I look at your guidance for fourth quarter, I believe the adjusted number is something like 12% earnings growth year-over-year. If I look at the street consensus for next year, it implies -- fiscal ‘15 implies something like 28% growth. So clearly the street is expecting some big acceleration in, I would think primarily in the cost initiatives maybe there is a little implicit improvement in the economy. But I was just wondering if given what you kind of broadly see, if you think that that’s just an unrealistic ramp up in terms of what you would see coming in on the cost side or if you could offer any kind of broader comment of expectations versus what you might see for fiscal ‘15? Thank you.
Alan Graf: Well Tom you’re exactly right, it is too early to talk about FY15. And I really don’t know what you and others have in your FY15 number, I am assuming that a lot of that EPS is from our accelerated share repurchase program, which will have a very big positive impact to EPS next year as we will be largely done by the end of this fiscal year with maybe some to go in the first quarter of next to have a big impact. I think run rate in terms of our cost reduction programs, which you can see in Q4 will only improve from that and I guess I’ll just have to fill in the blanks in June. Because we’ve got a lot of planning going on right here, a lot of initiatives underway, we get some things that we want to do that probably won’t pay off in FY15, but will in towards the end of ‘16 and beyond that we’re debating. So, lot of work to go and I look forward to having that conversation in June.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Art Hatfield, Raymond James.
Art Hatfield: Well I was going to ask about ‘15 too but I won’t even try. Alan if you could, I am assuming your fourth quarter guidance assumes the ice storm you had in the first week of March. Is there any way at this point in time you can quantify what kind of impact that has on fourth quarter? And finally can you tell us what the diluted share count was at the end of Q3?
Alan Graf: Yes, I'm sorry I didn’t answer that question earlier. It’s just that the very beginning of March we just had another one and so we’re not used to that in the fourth quarter. It's probably not going to be significant but it’s going to have some impact and we’re trying to assess that right now, looking at the same methodology that we used in Q3. [Indiscernible] asked about ‘15, I think that’s what everybody is wanting and like I said, we should have a good show for you in June Art, and that’s the best that I can say at this point. On the share count, yes, the share count for the three months ended in the quarter, well average diluted shares with 307 million versus 317 million a year ago. So obviously what’s happening in that share count is that not only are we buying shares back, but the increase in the stock price has brought back into the calculation previously anti-dilutive option, there were 8 million of them a year ago, there was just a few of them this year. So, that’s why it was only a few cents impact to the quarter of our share buyback in Q3.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski of Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski: Yes, good morning everyone. I won’t be the third in row to ask about fiscal ’15, but to maybe the longer term question for Fred or Mike, we obviously feel you guys delivered some pretty good service results here for customers in quarter even with all the challenges in the peak, but what’s the ability long term to drive better price outcomes, because obliviously even adjusted at 3% express margin looking for best return, I think if your look at your profit improvement plan obviously the targets are much higher if compared. Is there anything structural that can be done in this industry to extract a little bit more price for that service that you’re going to offer.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike. We make pricing decisions regarding the economic conditions to market conditions and the value of the service that we provide and obviously that critical component of our yield management activity that we do on week-in and week-out basis. The main issue is to make sure that it’s not a list rate issue, the main issue is as we work with customers to make sure that we get an appropriate price for the values and service that we provide, a lot of factors go into that. Obviously the productivity of certain lanes and head haul versus backhaul in the freight business and how we utilize and configure network in internationals. So, it’s not a one size fits all by any stretch of the imagination, it’s been up OPCO-by-OPCO service-by-service plan that we work very closely with the OPCOs. Having said that I think our yield performance given the situation that we’ve been in and the weak economy, has been quite solid and it will be a continued focus area for us, yield improvement is an important part of our profit improvement plans and one that we focus on a regular basis and I’m confident and our ability to execute that. our sales team does an outstanding job negotiating with our customers and making sure we get an appropriate yield for the future service that we provide and they’ll continue to stay focused on that but we have a very disciplined process around that where we work with the OPCOs week-in and week-out to manage our yields. But it’s not a one size fits all and that will continue to be a focus area for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Greene of Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene: Hi there, good morning. Mike I’m curious if you could elaborate on something that Fred said earlier about e-commerce and being careful about growing some of the high cost residential deliveries too quickly. Does the UPS experience in December create an opportunity or is it more of kind of a lesson learned about what can happen when you do grow that business too fast or don’t have sort of the proper controls in place to measure it into a network.
Mike Glenn: Well, we have enough to worry about at FedEx as opposed to commenting on issues that UPS might have. But I can tell you that we take a very disciplined approach working with our customers and its already started for next peak to make sure that we have a balance between the volume that we carry during non-peak versus the volume that we carry in peak, one the biggest challenges that you can have is over committing your resources during peak season because that’s the recipe for service failure. I think one of the strategic advantages that we have is to do separate network of Express versus Ground and the hub configuration that we have allows us to have more flexibility and manage our network independently. So we can make commitments to the express or make commitments to Ground that don’t necessarily impact the other operating company. So, we work very closely with our customers, we make firm commitments about the traffic that we’re going to carry for them during peak and then obviously it’s a daily dialogue with these customers during peak season, if we happen to have excess capacity on the next two or three days, we will work with customers and say we can take a little more volume or we’re going to have to stay at their level that we pre-negotiated. So, it’s an art, it’s not a science, there is a lot of science built into it but when you actually get into the battle, it becomes an art and the flexibility in our networks and the outstanding job that our solutions team does in preplanning peak is the strategic advantage for us combined with the different operating networks. So, I think we’ve got a pretty good track record of performing during peak season and delivering outstanding service for our customers and I think you go to talk to our customers and based upon our performance during peak and our ability to meet the commitments that we made to them, they would give us a very high score for this past six weeks.
Fred Smith: It's Fred Smith speaking here, I would make this comment that during the peak season there was a lot of press reports about the issue of e-commerce and so forth and many times you would see that the FedEx name up on the collar of the TV or store, the reality is by historical standards, we had a terrific team and the Express company has done a fantastic job measured relative to years past and I think the reason for that was the very disciplined approach we take that Mike just talked to you about. The network design that we have and we just have this incredible commitment to the Purple Promise like our volunteers out there on Christmas cleaning up anything that was held up in the network because of weather and so forth. I think the change this year is we live in a world where Twitter and social media make anecdotes much bigger than perhaps they are and this whole phenomenon of e-commerce as people get better and better mobile devices as Rob was talking about where you can shop and monitor things coming in, that was the big difference from our standpoint. From the operational standpoint, at Christmas time we had a very, very good peak relative to few years past. So, we just plan to continue on doing that and planning very carefully to make sure that we don’t disappoint people and that we provide that high level of service because at the end of the day, that’s the business, that’s the franchise. So, I just could not be more proud of our folks and we were disappointed that we kept getting pinged with the big problem in e-commerce and I tell by saying one other thing for those of you who are interested in the c-commerce world, the e-commerce world has grown very fast and there are a lot of people trying to gear up and meet this demand and quite frankly a lot of the processes that a lot of the e-commerce folks use, have many quality issues with. There are packages that are [forward named] (ph) to be damaged because they are not packed well. There are labels that are not affixed to the packages very well. As I mentioned earlier, there are e-commerce shipment advises when the shipment actually hasn’t been tendered to the carrier. I can promise you that the customers are not going to tolerate those types of things over the long haul. So, the e-commerce shippers that succeed long-term are going to be the one that work with us and other folks to try to improve those processes and quality of their service because nobody wants to order something over the internet, get it three days before Christmas and it’s smashed or the label comes off of it and the package into the ether. So, we're working very carefully with our customers on these aspects as well but it’s a big part of the e-commerce business that really didn’t get enough publicity last year because they were an integral part of the problem even more than the weather and the carrier performance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Troy of Susquehanna Financial.
Matt Troy: Thank you. Fred in your comments on March 11th, you made some pretty detailed remarks and shows to isolate protectionalism, it’s something that have been hampering world trade. I was just wondering when you look at that dashboard, what are the one or two key items you see coming down of pipe that may, it depending on how they break either to be favourable or unfavourable for FedEx specifically. And just more broadly long-term how do you engage to help gear some of these issues in more pro-business way whether it’s engaging on a critical front or reallocating capital, I just want to get a sense of your dialogue and how you guys approach being part of more business oriented solutions? Thanks.
Alan Graf: Well, first let me just give the highest accolade to Ambassador Michael Froman and the USPR team for the effort that they have underway on multiple front. The WTO agreement on trade facilitation was a great accomplishment that was the first agreement WTO in its long existence as ever concluded. So, it was long in nature, in other words many of the trade improvements that were agreed upon by the signatories take forever to put in place but at least there was an agreement. They have the Trans-Pacific partnership. They have the Trans-Atlantic initiative underway in the trade and services initiatives. So, the most important thing that we do are as we were trying to do in those speeches is to point out to folks, of the great benefits of world trade and expanding it because at the end of the day, increased prosperity comes from innovation, investment and increased scale, bigger market and even a market as big as NAFTA is tiny in comparison to the world population. So, you have seen over the last few years partially because a lack of determined American political leadership as it was this country that really pushed this thing from the beginning of the World War 2 on, and so we’re stuck. The Congress of the United States today is not willing as was famously noted in the press by the Senate majority leader to even [indiscernible] taking up trade promotion authority. There is no way to consummate any of these trade agreements without PPA, because our negotiating partner simply will not seriously engage if they think the Congress is willing to renegotiating the agreement after the U.S. trade as concluded his work. So we just tried every possible venue to push these things forward and the purpose in those two speeches in the main was to talk to those few audiences about getting involved with it. Growth is low, trade is gone from 2.5 ex-world GDP growth to roughly into parity. There has been no endeavour in human history that has lifted so many people out of poverty than the opening up of world market particularly the United States leadership and opening up ours, often permitting other countries to trade with us on a merchant realistic basis. So hopefully after the mid-term elections, the administration will earn to own this, the Congress will see the light, I think it’s particularly important to try to respond to the very strong position taken by the Prime Minster of Canada and the President of Mexico that we need to negotiate NAFTA 2.0 that has been a fantastic success. We’ve seen trade between the NAFTA countries go from 200 and some odd billion dollars to over $1 trillion in the last 20 years, that’s a lot of jobs, no question there have been, local pain here there in the other place but overall the opening up of these markets have been very strong. So that’s the concern I expressed in the speech on behalf of the Company. That’s our prescription for doing it and I appreciate you giving me a chance to make these remarks to a sophisticated group like this, because it’s a big issue.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s question-and-session. At this time I would like to turn the conference back over to Mickey Foster for additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation’s third quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the investor relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much. Good bye.
Operator: And this concludes today’s presentation. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-12-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman Alan Graf - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Mike Glenn - President and CEO, FedEx Corp. Services Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO Dave Bronczek - President and CEO, FedEx Express Henry Maier - President and CEO, FedEx Ground Bill Logue - President and CEO, FedEx Freight
Analysts: Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan Jack Atkins - Stephens Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird Chris Wetherbee - Citi Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan Allison Landry - Credit Suisse William Greene - Morgan Stanley Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Helane Becker - Cowen Securities David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Jay Van Sciver - Hedgeye Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation second quarter fiscal year 2014 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, vice president of investor relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. The earnings release and our 31-page stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. If you are listening to the call through our live webcast, feel free to submit your questions via e-mail or as a message on stocktwits.com. For email, please include your full name and contact information with your question, and send it to ir@fedex.com address. To send a question via stocktwits.com, please be sure to include $FDX in the message. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term, strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the investor relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, chairman; Alan Graf, executive vice president and CFO; Mike Glenn, president and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, executive vice president, general counsel, and secretary; Rob Carter, executive vice president, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, president and CEO of FedEx Express; Henry Maier, president and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, president and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, our chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Happy holidays to everyone, and welcome to our discussion of results for the second quarter of fiscal 2014. FedEx posted solid second quarter earnings, reflecting improved performance at FedEx Express, as the profit improvement initiatives that we introduced more than a year ago continued to gain momentum. We are very pleased with the excellent work by the entire Express team in improving their results. While a later start to the holiday shipping season contributed to a decline in operating margin at Ground, on a year-to-year basis we expect the full year operating margin at Ground will be consistent with the FY13 margin of nearly 17%. FedEx Freight results were affected by a shift in customer mix and shipment attributes. Overall, we believe our strategy is working well, and we are confident we will achieve our goals. We expect revenue and earnings growth to continue into the third quarter and the remainder of 2014, driven by ongoing improvements in the results of all our transport segments. Our balance sheet is strong, giving us the flexibility to initiate the significant stock repurchase program announced in October while continuing to execute our strategic growth initiatives. The profit improvement program and the stock repurchase exemplify, I think, our commitment to deliver outstanding value to our shareowners. I’d like to thank our more than 300,000 team members around the world, many working in very challenging weather this very day, to deliver the holidays to our customers. The past three Mondays, December 2, 9, and 16, were record days for average daily volume, with this past Monday setting a record of more than 22 million packages. Now I’ll turn the call over to Mike Glenn and following that, Alan Graf. Mike?
Mike Glenn: Thank you, Fred. I’ll cover economic commentary, as well as some commentary on yields per package. The FedEx economic forecast calls for moderate growth in the global economy. We see real GDP, industrial production, and consumer spending better sequentially in both calendar ’14 and calendar ’15 in the U.S. and globally. Our U.S. GDP forecast is 2.4% for calendar ’14 and 3% for calendar ’15. For industrial production, we expect growth of 3.1% in calendar ’14 and 3.6% in calendar ’15. Policy risk remained high, but improvement is ongoing in Europe and China. We estimate global growth of 2.8% in calendar ’14 and 3.2% for calendar ’15. Turning to yields, excluding the impact of fuel, year over year express domestic yield for package increased 4.3%. The increase was primarily driven by rate and discount improvements, followed by increased weight per package and service mix. The ground package yield increased 3%, excluding the impact of fuel. The year over year increase was driven by rate and discount improvements, as well as an increase in extra services charges. Excluding fuel, international export express package yield increased 3.2% year over year, primarily due to service mix. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, FedEx freight LTL yield per hundredweight declined about 1% year over year. The decrease was driven by changes in shipment attributes and heavier quarter end revenue deferrals due to the timing of Thanksgiving in the month of November. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. Second quarter earnings increased to $1.57 per share, and operating income increased 15% to $827 million. Yield improvements and cost management at express were the primary drivers of the profitability improvement. Results also benefited from the favorable comparison to last year’s Sandy-impacted results, lower pension expense, and a modest benefit from the voluntary employee severance program. During the second quarter, the company repurchased 7.2 million shares of FedEx common stock for a total of 10 million shares repurchased fiscal year to date. The second quarter share repurchases had no effect on the quarter’s earnings per share, but will have an estimated $0.04 per share impact for the full year. Express had a wonderful quarter. Operating income increased to $326 million and margin increased to 4.8%, despite slightly lower revenue. The profitability improvement was driven by stronger base U.S. and international package yields, lower pension expense, and lower net expenses from ongoing cost reduction activities. International priority revenue per package increased 3% while average daily volume declined 5%. Important to note that within the IP category, average daily volume for the lower-yielding distribution services declined, while IP average daily volume, excluding these distribution services, increased 1%. International economy average daily volume grew 10%. Fuel costs decreased 8%, due to 6% lower jet fuel prices and fewer flight hours. 3% fewer gallons were used year over year, as we optimized our network and flew more fuel-efficient aircraft. Fuel price did not impact income for the quarter, based on a static analysis of the net impact of year over year changes in fuel prices compared to changes in fuel surcharges. Express is implementing a 3.9% average list price increase, effective in January. Turning to our ground segment, revenues increased 10% to $2.9 billion and operating income increased $424 million, due to volume and yield growth at ground and volume growth at SmartPost. Average daily volume at ground increased 8% from continued growth in our commercial business and home delivery service. The increase in operating income was partially offset by higher network expansion costs as we continued to invest heavily in our growing high margin ground and SmartPost businesses. Operating margin declined, primarily due to this year’s later start of the holiday shipping season as Fred mentioned, as Cyber Week occurred in December this year versus November last year. The seasonal increases in volume, revenue, and operating income related to Cyber Week will be realized in this year’s third quarter versus the second quarter last year. Ground and home delivery will be implementing a 4.9% average list price increase, effective in January. SmartPost rates will also increase. At freight, revenues increased 4% from higher weight per LTL shipment and higher average daily LTL shipments. Operating income increased slightly as higher revenue from increased demand was partially offset by higher purchased transportation. Weight per shipment increased 2% due to freight’s priority service offerings. Average daily LTL shipments increased 4%, as economy and priority services both grew. Turning to the outlook, we expect revenue and earnings growth to continue into the third quarter and the remainder of FY14 from ongoing improvements in the results of all of our transportation segments. Based on these improvements, plus our to date share repurchase results, we are raising our earnings per share guidance for the full year to 8% to 14% from the FY13 adjusted results. This compares to our previous growth range of 7% to 13%. This outlook reflects share repurchases made to date, but does not include any benefit from additional share repurchases. We plan to continue purchasing shares under the program, but have no specific timeframe for completion. We have 32.2 million shares under our current authorizations remaining. We are continuing to execute on the profit improvement programs we announced in October of 2012. The majority of the benefits from our profit improvement programs will occur in FY15 and to a greater extent FY16. Given our economic outlook that Mike discussed, coupled with continued execution of our profit improvement programs at express, and earnings growth at ground and freight, I see increasing earnings, returns, and cash flows over the next several years. I too would like to thank all of our team members for their hard work and dedication during our very busy peak season. They are truly an amazing team. And lastly, remember that Monday is the last day to ship your presents overnight and have them delivered before Christmas. And Dave could use the business. Now we will open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions.] We’ll take our first question from Art Hatfield. Your line is open.
Arthur Hatfield - Raymond James : Just on the IP category, if you could discuss the reduction in volumes through distribution services. Is that something that you guys are focused on that you want to reduce exposure to? And if so, how could we think about that going forward from kind of a modeling or thinking about volume in that segments, on the go forward?
Mike Glenn : We made a specific decision and elected not to participate in some product releases that would have traveled in our distribution services capability. That decision was driven by our revenue management and yield improvement programs, and that was the primary issue there that affected those volumes in the quarter.
Dave Bronczek : Alan mentioned it, and it’s a good point, the majority of our IP of course is not the distribution services product, and that actually grew 1% all around the world, led by the U.S. outbound and Europe. And on top of that, our international priority yields grew 4%. So we’re very pleased with that category.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan : I wanted to ask you a little bit more on the ground margin commentary, both in terms of the second half and I don’t know if you want to offer any kind of medium term comment, just on how we think about that. But I kind of thought that in ground margin, sometimes when you went through the peak and you had the maximum volume going through, that actually made you stretch the network. And that was sometimes a little bit of a margin headwind. But I guess you’re characterizing the Cyber Week timing as being a factor that hurt your margin in the second quarter and maybe helps you going forward. So just wondering if you could give a little further perspective on ground margin near term and then if we think about it, medium term as being kind of stable, in the high teens, or however you want to comment on that.
Henry Maier : Let me give you a little bit of color here as to what’s going on. First, I think it’s important to realize that not only is ecommerce increasing our volumes during peak, it’s making holiday volume spikes peakier. And you need to understand, over a four to six week period of time each year, our business typically more than doubles. And preparing for this phenomenon, and ensuring we’re able to handle it with the level of reliability and services customers expect, is a year-long activity that starts in January of every year. And yes, it means every year we invest increased operating expense in the second quarter. This year we had to do some unprecedented things to prepare, which is just another indication of how we’re enabling this new ecommerce economy. For example, our network expansion costs increased to ensure we have capacity for the forecasted volume. This is not only a peak phenomenon, but it’s just building the base capacity we need to handle the growth we see coming year-round. Our purchased transportation cost increased to ensure we have the resources to pick up and deliver all the packages. This happens every year and it includes rental equipment and purchased line haul transportation. This year, we incurred some increased vehicle maintenance costs in Q2 that we’ve historically spread out throughout the year. We decided this year, in preparation for the peak season, given the fact that it’s so compressed as opposed to years past, it made sense to incur these maintenance costs now. And again, the focus on that was ensuring outstanding service for our customers during this holiday season. Now, we operate our network seven days a week during peak, allowing our fixed assets to truly sweat, and avoiding the cost of carrying capacity the rest of the year when we don’t need it. These decisions afford a significant flexibility to manage our network in the busiest time of the year while providing unparalleled service to our customers. Now, all these things that I’ve mentioned are not atypical to what we do every year. The only thing that’s different this year is the timing of Cyber Monday, which begins a week that typically reflects some of the busiest volumes we see throughout the year and the fact that this year peak is compressed into three weeks rather than four. And we call that the compression of the calendar, which by the way will be the same next year and then in ’15 we go back to something more normal, which is a four-week period of time. So I hope that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jack Atkins of Stephens.
Jack Atkins - Stephens : I think it’s pretty clear from your results that you guys are making some significant progress on your profit improvement plan. But I guess just to kind of step back and kind of see where we are over the course of the last year, of that $1.7 billion that you expect to generate in incremental profit, where are we to date as far as the run rate that you’ve, as far as costs taken out of the business, or incremental profit that’s now in the business if it wasn’t there this time last year?
Alan Graf : Let me just say that we’re on track to be where we need to be by the end of FY ’16. I think you could see, in the express results, that we’re making some significant progress. We’re also managing the business as we go. As I mentioned in the last call, the five buckets that we talked about back in October of 2012 are likely going to change, but we’re still committed to the number. We’re managing very aggressively the trade down in international. We were glad to see our pure IP grow and our yields go up this quarter. I think that was a very good sign. So we’re not going to give you benchmark measurements on where we are until we get further into the program. We’re only two quarters in, but we are on track to be there by the end of ’16.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer : I know it’s early in both, but on One Rate and Delivery Manager, would love to get any commentary on how those are progressing, any quantification would be great.
Mike Glenn : We’re very pleased with the response to Delivery Manager. Of course, it’s a key enabler to ecommerce this time of year by allowing consignees to really take control of the shipment, to manage the signature requirements, to redirect that to a hold location or schedule a future delivery. So it’s a big bonus to have that active and up and running during the peak season, and it’s critical to our ecommerce strategy. One Rate is still relatively new. Again, we’re pleased with the response to that. Customers love the convenience and simplicity of the service and we expect a future positive response as well. So we’re very excited about both of those opportunities, and both of them play a part in ecommerce, which is especially important this time of year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter of Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch : SmartPost only was up in the upper single digits. I guess it’s the second non double digit growth in the past 19 quarters. Is there a change here? And did this impact the margins at ground? Can you talk a little bit about that as well?
Henry Maier : Volume at SmartPost was affected by the calendar and the later start to the holiday shipping season. The yield was impacted by lower fuel in the quarter. Everything else was in line with what we historically see. Once again, it was all about the calendar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank : I had one follow up on Tom’s question, and then I had a question for you on international economy. If you guys could quantify any numbers around that Cyber Week shift in ground, it would be helpful. And then similar to the question Ken just asked on SmartPost, I was curious on international economy, since this is a newer segment and it obviously ties in with the whole program you guys have on using third-party line haul. We had a 15% growth rate last quarter. We had a 10% growth rate in volume this quarter. How should we be thinking about growth in that product going forward, and your capabilities in terms of offloading to that third-party line haul network?
Henry Maier : More than a quarter of the volume that we see in peak comes in Cyber Week. And if you think about it, that volume and revenue and profit was all shifted to the third quarter.
Dave Bronczek : On the IE question, we’ve had double-digit growth in IE for many, many quarters now. But don’t forget the IP product, the pure IP product, is still the dominant product that we have. It’s over 70% of all of our international packages around the world. So IE, yes, it’s going into other networks. It’s in a network that makes us more money, but the IP is really the key going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Hartford with Baird.
Ben Hartford - Robert W. Baird :
 : Alan, can you provide some perspective on whether the $32 million share repurchase authorization was incremental relative to the last quarter? Can you just give us some perspective in terms of how you’re thinking about prior comments regarding the dividend and try to take the dividend yield up to a 1%-ish type yield versus thinking about buybacks on a shorter and intermediate term basis? Can you provide some perspective on that capital allocation strategy?
Alan Graf: Well, I thought we were very aggressive in the second quarter, accumulating 7.2 million shares in that quarter alone. We don’t have a specific time for completion, but we will continue to be buying shares. And as for our dividend policy, of course that’s a board decision. Our board generally takes that decision up in the June meeting, which has been what we’ve done for several years. And my expectation is that’s when we’ll address it again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Chris Wetherbee - Citi : Can you talk a little bit about capacity in the international lanes, sort of where you stand? And is there further progress or need to move towards third-party capacity, particularly on the trans-Pacific routes? Are you sort of where you need to be relative to what the volume flows are right now? Or is there any more to do in the short term?
Dave Bronczek : We’re very pleased with where our capacity is right now. The customers are as well. And we’ve mentioned, in several quarters now, in the past, that we’ve made some trans-Pacific adjustments. And going forward we’ll see how things go, but right now we’re very pleased with where our network is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan : My question is on the express side, and kind of following up on Justin’s question a bit, how much of the economy business, or how much of the overall business, has been moved, at this point, out of FedEx aircraft onto third-party aircraft? And where do you think that can go? And then just along those lines, when we look at capex for the year, I know you’ve kept the guidance unchanged, but you’re kind of below the run rate of $4 billion. Do you think that there’s any flexibility to cut that $4 billion down a little bit?
Dave Bronczek : I’ll answer the first part of the question, then I’ll turn it over to Alan. Our customers sit down with us all the time, and they kind of tell us what kind of services they’re looking for from express. And we’ve balanced our network right now to achieve those goals for our customers and for ourselves. And so yes, we have opportunities to move more IP. We have more opportunities for more IE as well. As you know, the global marketplace for underbellies around the world keeps increasing, so we see that there’s really no end in sight for what our customers want from us, and we of course have a great product offering in our FTN ocean business, and that keeps growing. We do a tremendous amount of business in FTN now as well.
Alan Graf : On your first question, that Dave just addressed, let me just say that we are continuing very hard to continue to work on our international networks. As you know, we’ve taken down two trans-Pac flights since the announcement of our profit improvement program, going from 10 to 8. Recall that we retire a lot of airplanes early, and accelerate the depreciation of a lot of others. And we are in a process, and we are managing our customers’ needs with our continuing to get to the right place on our networks, and that’s going to continue all the way through ’14 and all the way through most of ’15 before we’re going to probably be exactly where we need to be. But having said that, it’s an integral part of our profit improvement program. Now, as to capex, I’m very happy with where we are in our capex. We’ve got a very strong balance sheet. It’s very important that we do the two things that we are mostly doing with our capital. One is the fleet modernization has to continue at express. It’s an integral part of our profit improvement program. We’re seeing significant benefits and you saw those in the second quarter, particularly in fuel burn and maintenance. That’s going to continue as we continue to add the 767s and 757s. And the other big piece of this is we’ve got to continue to expand the ground network. And we are in the process of building three to five major hubs over the next several years. These are going to have very high ROIC. We’re going to continue to grow round at a nice growth rate and maintain those high teens margins, and that’s an important part for what we’re doing as well. So we are as steely-eyed as ever on capex, but we are intentionally spending a little bit higher than our 6% to 8% range right now in order to get the benefits to the bottom line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse : I wanted to ask a question on LTL. If you exclude the impact of weight per shipment and the shorter length of haul, what would the core pricing run rate look like, just within the context of some of your peers reporting numbers in the roughly 3% range?
Mike Glenn: Well, clearly customer mix impacts that. What you typically see is smaller customers tend to have lighter weight shipments and shorter length of haul. And we’ve been very successful diversifying our customer base for LTL. So it certainly had an impact, and it certainly has a drag on yield per hundred weight when you do see the change in mix of traffic. Now, we also had some stronger growth in other customer segments, stronger than anticipated, which provides an opportunity for some yield management activities which we have initiated and will be conducting going forward. So we think we’ve got a good handle on yield per hundred weight and where the levers are, and we will be managing that, along with the FedEx freight operating company going forward, to continue to improve our margins.
Bill Logue: Let me jump on that. Again, we’re really pleased with our volume across all the segments, and particularly the priority economy mix. We saw very good growth in both. So we’re excited about that. And also, the year over year fuel surcharge came down, so that kind of was a big impact as well, on the yield. So look at that, and again, as Mike said, we’re very focused on our yield management process. So we’re in a good position.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Greene of Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley : Fred or Mike, can I ask you to comment a little bit on the evolution of the ecommerce space? There’s, lots of times, some discussions about what Amazon’s doing and could they ever sort of become a transportation company themselves with some of the logistics efforts they’re trying. You don’t have to speak to Amazon, but how do you see that space evolving? Do players in that world become a competitor to you? How do you make sure you’re kind of guarding against that kind of outcome?
Fred Smith: I’m going to make a couple of comments, and then I’m going to ask Mike to amplify on this and maybe some of my other partners can jump in here too, Henry or whomever. Because this is a big subject, and quite frankly I don’t think I’ve seen more mythology in the press about anything than I have about the ecommerce space over the last year or so. The first thing I would say to you is there are two enormous transportation networks that are built around moving light packages and freight, and they are FedEx and UPS. And the size and scale of these operations are so big that it’s almost amusing some of the comments about delivering items by drones. And we have a drone expert on the staff. It’s Rob Carter, our CIO. He actually owns a drone, and he reported that it can operate about eight minutes and carry four Budweiser beers at his farm. Now, that’s not to belittle UAS technology, because we’ve got a lot of studies underway in that area ourselves. But at the end of the day, the intercity transportation networks of FedEx and UPS, and to a lesser degree the postal service, which is designed around delivering very lightweight items. All you have to do is look in your neighborhood, with the small jeeps that drive down the road, and the right hand drive and so forth. That network is designed to move very lightweight things and publications and correspondence or letters. Now, the whole issue about ecommerce, at the end of the day, is it’s very expensive to deliver things to residences. Not every residence gets a package every day, and it’s quite unlikely that every residence will start getting an item every day. So in certain situations an Amazon.com or some very large etailer, they can unquestionably do local deliveries, should they choose to do so, and I think, in the case of some of them, they use various local delivery options today. But the vast majority of products moved, it’s almost certain that they will, if they’re going to be delivered, be moved by one of those three large networks, and then some of the smaller regional players, as far as the eye can see. Mike, you want to amplify on that?
Mike Glenn: Yeah, I would say the important point to understand here is ecommerce has a very long runway, both domestically and internationally, and FedEx is well-poised to benefit from both of those. Clearly ecommerce is growing at a multiple of overall retail sales, but having said that, based upon the Forrester research, it will be 2017 before online sales represent a total of 10% of all revenue. So we’re still at the tip of the iceberg here in terms of ecommerce and its potential. I think another issue that is a big driver is mobile devices now account for about 11% of online transactions. Free shipping is part of about 50% of the transactions. SmartPost is particularly poised to take advantage of that. So there are a tremendous amount of emerging trends in ecommerce before you even get to looking at how big box retailers are starting to respond, picking at the store level to facilitate efficient next day delivery on a cost-effective basis, which FedEx is well-positioned to take advantage of. So I would say, even though there’s a tremendous amount of talk about ecommerce, we’re still in very much the early stage development of this channel. And we sit right in the sweet spot of it. We talked about delivery manager earlier in the call, about enabling our companies to really take control of the transaction. Our retail network enables people to get their packages when they want to, and we’ve got other technology out there that we’re working on to further facilitate this. So FedEx is extremely well-positioned with our broad portfolio, but I think the important point here is that we are, again, very early in the overall stage of this channel. And again, I would just refer you back to that Forrester research, which states that it will be 2017 before we reach the 10% point of all retail sales being generated online. So a lot of runway here, and we’re well-positioned to take advantage of it.
Dave Bronczek : I’ll just jump in from Express’ point of view. Obviously, the globalization of ecommerce and our global powerhouse network around the world, with over 200 countries and all these customers, and they’re all global reaching now. And this is a synchronization around the world. It’s an art form, and we’ve been doing it successfully for decades now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski of Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays : I want to come back to the discussion around capital priorities, especially in light of the share repurchase announcement back in October. Alan or Fred, is that really a change in strategic direction for the company? And I know you have a lot of aircraft renewals to go the next couple of years, but when you look out beyond fiscal ’16 and you think about capex relative to revenue, should we be thinking longer term that’s going to turn closer to that 6% range rather than the 8% you’re running today?
Alan Graf: Hard to say. We’ll have to see what the opportunities look like there in terms of ground’s growth rate and how far along we’ve come on the express profit improvement program. But certainly we probably will be high for the next couple of years, and if we have the ability to move a couple of things around, you know, one or two planes come due in May instead of June, it could change these numbers. But I think at least through fiscal’16 we’re going to be at probably about where we are, and then we’ll see how well we’ve done with our profit improvement program and how we’ve improved our returns, which I think we’ll be successful at. So as long as we can see that modernizing the fleet and ground growth continue to improve our returns, we’re going to keep investing in them.
Operator: Our next question comes Helane Becker of Cowen.
Helane Becker - Cowen Securities : Alan, I think this might be for you. You mentioned that you were continuing to expand the ground operations and you were building, I think you mentioned, three to five hubs over the next couple of years. Just wondering, are you comfortable that you’re able to expand these operations fast enough, and that you’re ahead of the changes that are taking place in delivery requirements. Or are you still kind of chasing change?
Alan Graf: I’ll start, and then I’ll turn it over to Henry. One of the great things about our company is our operations and engineering group and OR groups are brilliant in determining where the forecasted future traffic flows are going to be, where hubs need to be, and how much capacity we need to have. And even though we’ve significantly stepped up our investment and will continue to do that in ground, to keep up with its growth, it’s going to remain tight. And it’s going to remain tight by design. We’ll be able to handle those 50% increases that Henry talked about for the three to four week periods of peak, but the rest of the year, it should be running fairly close to full. And I’ll let Henry give you some more information about that.
Henry Maier : We manage between 150 and 200 real estate projects a year, typically. We take a five to seven year view of the marketplace when we plan these facilities. We are very careful not to add capacity we don’t need 11 months out of the year. And at peak, in the month of December, we plan to add operating expense as best we can to handle the volume surges so we can dismantle it when the volume leaves. And that essentially the way we’ve run the company for the past 20-some years, and it’s worked out very well for us. Now, sometimes we might get a little bit ahead. Sometimes we might get a little bit behind, but as Alan said, we are a highly engineered and highly automated operation, and we have incredible flexibility to be able to flex up or down in the short term to handle customers’ volume as it comes. So I think you should be confident going forward that we have a good plan to handle anything that happens in this business.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Ross of Stifel.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus : Bill, can you talk about the reacceleration in FedEx freight shipment volumes? Was that driven by bundling? Increased sales force size? What was going on there to kind of show you the best growth rate you guys have had there in a couple of years?
Bill Logue : Obviously we’re very pleased with the volume growth, and as I said earlier, it’s across all segments, the small, medium, and large customers, and focusing on priority economy, volume coming out both segments, is really showing the value prop is kicking in. We went through a couple of quarters there that we had some volume challenges the last two quarters. So the team really responded well, went out there and brought in some excellent volume for us. And as we go forward, as I’ve always said, our goal is double digit margins, and to get there, we need really good balance on both volume and yield. And that’s our focus going forward.
Mike Glenn : We have terrific collaboration between the freight operating company and our sales team. And let me remind you that the entire FedEx sales team in the U.S. sells our complete portfolio of services. And that is a strategic advantage for us. It allows us to target and provide coverage for customers that are not typically seen by an individual when dealing with LTL transactions. And again, combined with the power of the bundle and the terrific collaboration that we have with the operating company has really been a plus. We’ve also had enhancement to our automation systems, which has made it much easier for our customers to do business with us. And the outstanding service levels that the freight team is providing really give us an industry leading value proposition.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs :
 : I have a couple of questions with regard to express. First off, can you give us a guide as to the air freight demand outlook by region, based on your forward bookings and your discussions with your customers? And I also would just like to follow up with regard to one of the earlier questions with regard to third-party capacity utilization. Can you give us a sense of what percentage of your IE is going on your planes versus third-party capacity? And just in terms of the relative context, let’s say at the beginning of the year versus where you think it might be at the end of, let’s say, next year?
Dave Bronczek : I can tell you that, and I mentioned this before, the U.S., international, as reported this quarter, was up. Europe was up. Asia was off a little bit because of the distribution services primarily and the release of some of the product launches. Other than that, though, they were up in Asia and clearly across the world. So where our volumes and our yields and our network capacity sits, we are very pleased with where we were and we are this quarter as well. In terms of third-party distribution, we’re using FTN, which is a sister company inside of express very much now, and we’re using it for some of the launches, quite frankly, as well. And we just have a lot of opportunity around the world to continue to move lower-yielding traffic into the right networks to make us more money.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Van Sciver with Hedgeye.
Jay Van Sciver - Hedgeye: Looking at the intercompany charges line for the different segments, why is express seeing its costs decline relative to sales while ground and freight have seen probably less progress there, or slight increases? And should we expect that shared overhead to be down in the second half of fiscal ’14 and into ’15?
Alan Graf: Well, obviously that’s one of the big places that we’re working as part of the profit improvement program, to get our overhead down not just in services but at every operating company. And I think we’re doing a very good job of that. Our intersegment charges are very complicated. Some are directly based on revenue, which would explain a little bit of why ground’s getting a little bit more and express getting a little bit less. Others are directly charged, and others are just using basic good old cost accounting to arrive at what the appropriate ones are. I can tell you that one of the good things about our company is the great debates we have on this subject. And we have the right amount of pension in there, and I think it makes us focused to keep them all as well as possible in total.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman of Buckingham Research.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research : Alan, I want to focus a little bit on the capital for the ground fleet and the air fleet. You mentioned you’re taking capacity down, and I know we’ve got fewer trans-Pacs. We’re bringing on new aircraft. Two questions. One, what are we doing with the MD-11s that we might not be using in some of those markets? It doesn’t look like you’re planning on taking those planes out of the system just based on what you have in the release. And number two, can you talk a little bit about your thoughts on alternative fuels, particularly as it pertains to the domestic delivery fleet?
Alan Graf : Let me direct the fleet MD-11 question to Dave, and then we’ll talk about who’s going to answer the alternative fuels. But there’s a lot of work going on in that regard. So, Dave?
Dave Bronczek : We’re obviously putting our 777s, high reliability, low fuel, better operating cost airplanes, the 777s, in our international network, bringing back the MD-11s into our U.S. network. They’re replacing the older MD-10s, some of our older planes. Some of those MD-11s are on lease as well. So we’re going to be continuing to cycle this through our global network, but where the global service improvements and cost improvements are coming from, the 777s are going there, the MD-11s are coming back here.
Alan Graf : Over time, we’re going to be an all-twin operator. So that’s longer term. And I’m not going to give you any specific timeframes on that, but that’s where we’re headed. And I’m going to ask my boss to talk about alternative fuels.
Fred Smith : Well, regarding alternative fuels, we have efforts underway in all of the operating companies. In FedEx freight, there’s a lead on natural gas powered vehicles. We’re operating two test LNG over the road rigs, two compressed natural gas over the road tractors. They’re performing very well as I understand it. We have lots of focus on fuel improvement at FedEx freight with aerodynamics. In FedEx express, because they tend to use the lighter, smaller pickup and delivery vehicles, they’re the lead company on electrification. We have about, I think, almost 500, maybe more, of all-electrics and hybrids. And ground has pioneered a lot of things, hydraulic vehicles and so forth. On the specific question of biofuels, our aviation department has a lot of work underway in advanced projects of all types, including autonomous aircraft, as I mentioned, or augmented aircraft, which is what I think is going to happen, just improved assistance for the flight crews. I think it’s going to be a long time before you’re going to see a lot of autonomous airplanes operating. And there’s no question that you can produce biofuels. FedEx freight is buying biodiesel and FedEx express is involved in a number of things with BioJet. The problem with all of them is that while they’re technically drop in fuels and interchangeable with petroleum, they simply have not been produced at scale, at a cost-competitive price. But we’re pretty confident that that will happen over time, using a number of feedstocks. The one contract that FedEx freight has, for instance, is for biodiesel made of woodchips, I believe, produced at a refinery in Columbus, Mississippi. So we’ve got a lot of work there, but at present there’s no large scale biofuels that are available to us. But I suspect that will probably change as you get into the 2020s. A lot of work going on, and a lot of progress.
Henry Maier : With respect to ground capex, 90% of our capital expense in FY14 is to expand capacity. And included in that are expenditures for the new hubs Alan mentioned: building expansions and relocations, material handling, and rolling stock.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Vernon of Bernstein Research.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein : Just wanted to ask you, maybe Dave or Fred, on the international network strategy, some of the other investments that you guys have lined up in hub capacity and in Osaka and Shanghai, and get a sense for how those investments play into the sort of future development of the international network. Are you guys changing that thought process around those investments given the changes in market conditions? If you could comment on that I’d appreciate it.
Fred Smith : Let me make a couple of comments here, because I want to make sure there’s no confusion on the part of the investors. And I’ll ask Dave to specifically talk about Osaka and Shanghai. Regarding the network of FedEx express, the current system of eight transpacific flights and seven transatlantic flights, and of course we have some Asia to Europe operations as well, in all likelihood, that’s not going to materially change for some period of time. That network is designed to offer competitively superior cutoff times and transit times, and it is performing very, very well, and the facilities, which Dave will talk about, are an integral part to speed up those processes and make them more automated and more efficient and handle the volumes that sometimes have been inefficiently handled, just because facilities are very difficult to put together in certain parts of the world. And the two you mentioned are going to be huge improvements. So what you can anticipate, based on what the customers are telling us, is probably relatively slow growth in the IP sector, with customers opting to take a day or two longer in transit in the international economy sector. And both priority and economy have three flavors. There’s the door-to-door package IP and IE, the door-to-door freight IPF and IEF. And then we offer a distribution service in both categories, which is a large shipment that clears a border on a single clearance document and then it’s exploded and goes to many different destinations. And that can be either packages or freight. And sometimes that lexicon, those terminologies, get misunderstood. So that’s why it’s important, and Dave and Alan have both mentioned this to you, that IP, which is the real key product line, is actually growing, and the yields are going up. The IPD, it’s hard to make money with that product. So I think what you’re going to see is not very much change in the near term in the backbone network, and a lot of growth in the economy traffic, which lends itself to being put in underbellies, which is going to grow next year, according to the last report I saw, the capacity, by about 5%. The 787, the 777, nine, the A-350s, there’s going to be a tremendous amount of that underbelly capacity out there, which is very attractive in terms of cost per pound, and we are very effectively utilizing that. And Dave’s plans are to do even more of that. So I didn’t want anybody to be confused about those terms and about the backbone priority network, which is working very well. It’s going to work even better here with a couple of things that Dave’s going to tell you about.
Dave Bronczek : Thanks, Fred. That’s exactly right. Osaka opens in April. We’re really excited about it. It lets us flex up and flex down off of our main backbone network without adding to that network, with change of gauges, flights from Asia feeding Asia into the rest of the world over Osaka. It’s going to be terrific. So as the volumes grow, we just add change of gauge in Asia. Or if they decline, we can flex down as well. So it’s a terrific flex up and down. Shanghai is, I was just out there recently, a new facility. It’s tremendously automated, very efficient, right in the heart of a lot of our business opportunities in China. So we’re very excited about both of those hubs that are opening here shortly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Schoonmaker with Morningstar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar : I’m asking about longer term use of railroad, and I believe you’ve recently mentioned using rail for about 17% of freight line haul. Do you envision this increasing through the next couple of years? And maybe even beyond the freight segment, are you connecting anything through trade networks using rail? And maybe even stretching it a bit more, does rail make sense for SmartPost line haul at some point?
Bill Logue : On the freight side, over the past three years, as you’ve noticed, we’ve grown our rail usage substantially, particularly on our economy offering. So that’s worked out very well for us. We continue to look at lanes and adjustments we made this past July. And again, going forward, we’ll continue to look at our network. You saw some of our purchase transportation growth this year, and again, that was due to our rail increases coming off in July. And again, we’ll tweak and adjust our network as we see appropriate for the most efficient way to run our business.
Henry Maier : We used a little bit of rail throughout the year. In the month of December, our rail usage jumps up. In fact, I think this month it’s about 7% of the miles that we run. And that would include ground and SmartPost. We use it where it makes sense. We won’t use it where it degrades our service, so that’s how we think about this in our network.
Operator: We’ll take our final question from Anthony Gallo with Wells Fargo.
Anthony Gallo - Wells Fargo : If I look at FedEx express on the expense side, excluding fuel, you did a nice job year over year, but you’re still up a fair amount versus fiscal 2Q ’12. And part of that looks like it’s in SG&A, despite the fact that you’ve made some changes there. You’re using more purchase transportation as the mix changes. How much of that was pension year over year and how much of that is pension versus, say, fiscal ’12?
Dave Bronczek : On the purchase transportation, remember a lot of FTN expenses are in the purchase transportation. And the revenues are up in there too. We made that change last year. In terms of our overall expenses, as you can see, they’re actually performing very well. Pension should have been a positive for us in the quarter.
Operator: thank you. That does conclude our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mickey Foster for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for participating in FedEx Corporation’s second quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the investor relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-09-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mike Glenn - Executive Vice President, Market Development and Corporate Communications Alan Graf - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Dave Bronczek - President and Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Express Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Henry Maier - President and Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Ground Bill Logue - President and Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Freight
Analysts: Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank Bruce Chan - Stifel Nicolaus Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird Christian Wetherbee - Citi Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Jack Atkins - Stephens Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research William Greene - Morgan Stanley Allison Landry - Credit Suisse Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Company Derek [Rabee] - Raymond James
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation first quarter fiscal year 2014 earnings conference call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mr. Mickey Foster, vice president of investor relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's first quarter earnings conference call. The first quarter earnings release, and our stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. If you are listening to the call through our live webcast, feel free to submit your questions via e-mail or as a message on stocktwits.com. For e-mail, please include your full name and contact information with your question, and send it to ir@fedex.com address. To send a question via stocktwits.com, please be sure to include $FDX in the message. Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term, strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the investor relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Alan Graf, Mike Glenn, Chris Richards, Rob Carter, Dave Bronczek, Henry Maier, and Bill Logue. And now our chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our discussion of operating and financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2014. FedEx had a good quarter, despite higher fuel costs and one fewer operating day. Growth in overall customer demand for our wide range of global transportation solutions drove improved earnings. FedEx Ground reported another outstanding quarter, as average daily volume grew 11%. FedEx Express is skillfully executing its profit improvement plans. As part of this, earlier this month, FedEx Express took delivery of its first new Boeing 767 300 freighter, which uses about 30% less fuel and offers at least a 20% operating cost over the MD-10 it replaces. We’re reaffirming our forecast for full year’s earnings per share growth of 7% to 13% over FY13’s adjusted results. We believe FedEx is well-positioned for continued growth and success as customers around the world realize the full value of our portfolio of solutions. Now I’ll turn the call over to Mike Glenn for his views on the economy, and then to Alan Graf for details on the financial results. Mike?
Mike Glenn: Thank you, Fred. The FedEx economic forecast calls for continued moderate growth in the global economy. Our U.S. GDP growth forecast is 1.6% for calendar year ’13, which is down 0.4 of a point versus last quarter, and 2.5% for calendar ’14, which represents no change versus the last quarter. For industrial production, we expect growth of 2.4% in calendar ’13, again down 0.4 versus last quarter, and 3.4% in calendar ’14, which is down 0.1 versus last quarter. It’s important to note that historical data revisions account for most of the reduction in the calendar year ‘13 growth rates. Policy risk remains high, but there are signs of improvement in Europe and China. Our global GDP growth forecast is 2% for calendar ’13, down 0.3 versus last quarter, and 2.9% for calendar ’14, down 0.1 versus last quarter. Turning to yield per package, in the domestic express segment, excluding the impact of fuel, year over year package yield increased 2.7%. The increase was primarily driven by rate and discount improvements followed by increased weight per package and product mix. The ground packaging yield increased 2.2%, excluding the impact of fuel. The year over year increase was driven by rate and discount improvements, an increase in extra services charges, and product mix. In the international express segment, export, excluding fuel, International Export Express package yield declined 2.1% year over year due to changes to rate and discount and weight. And finally, in the freight segment, or the LTL segment, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per hundredweight increased 1.1% year over year. The increase was primarily driven by rate and discount changes and shipment class. Now I’ll turn it over to Alan Graf.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike, and good morning everyone. We had a good quarter. Revenues and earnings increased, driven by the solid performances in all of our transportation segments. Operating income grew 7% year over year, primarily from improved profitability at Express, higher volumes and increased yields at Ground, and improved performance at Freight. Our margin improved 30 basis points versus last year to 7.2%, despite significant headwinds from the fuel surcharge timing lag, as well as one fewer operating day. Offsetting those headwinds for the quarter were benefits from lower aircraft maintenance and salaries and wages expense. For Express, quarter one operating income grew 14%, and operating margin improved 50 basis points year over year, despite the significant negative impact of net fuel and one fewer operating day. The improvement was driven by stronger US-based business performance, lower pension expense, and the continued monetization of the company’s aircraft fleet, which helped to drive maintenance costs lower. These were partially offset by higher related depreciation expense. Turning to Ground, operating income grew 5% year over year, despite the negative impact of fuel. Higher network expansion costs were also incurred, as we continue to invest heavily in the growing Ground and Smart Post businesses at very high ROIC. The improvement in Ground was driven by higher volumes, despite one fewer operating day, and higher revenue per package. Freight’s operating income increased slightly, despite one fewer operating day year over year. Higher weight per shipment, LTL yields, and average daily LTL shipments improved income at Freight. Freight continued to optimize the line haul network by increasing utilization of lower-cost rail over the quarter. Now at 17% of total line haul miles. As for the outlook, based on the economic conditions that Mike talked about, we reaffirm our FY14 earnings per share growth of 7% to 13% from the FY13 adjusted results. Our outlook depends on stable fuel prices. Fuel price volatility impacts the timing of our fuel surcharge levels in relation to fuel expense and ultimately demand for our services. As part of our profit improvement program, we are continuing to evaluate further cost reduction actions to continue to improve our results at Express and to ensure that we achieve our $1.6 billion profit improvement goal at Express by the end of FY16. With regard to the voluntary buyout program, as of August 31, approximately 45% of the 3,600 employees that have accepted the voluntary buyout have vacated their positions. The additional 55% will depart throughout the remainder of FY14, with approximately 25% remaining until May 31, 2014. Total SG&A savings from our profit improvement program is expected to be $600 million on an annual basis, by the end of FY16. Now we’ll open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] And we will take our first question from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank : I wanted to ask about the capacity side in the International Express business. Obviously margins are a lot better than expected on the Express side this quarter, and I know that’s due to a lot of what you’ve got going on on the domestic side as well. But wanted to dig in and see how the progress has been going in terms of the third party line haul initiative, and where you guys are at in terms of frequencies on export flights out of Asia.
Dave Bronczek : You’re right, we adjusted for the second quarter in a row now. Last quarter, in April, and this quarter, in July, we reduced some of our global capacity coming out of Asia, which you saw in some of our numbers in terms of fuel usage and fuel in general. That being said, our International Economy volume continues to grow at a rapid rate. It was up 15%. I think it’s been in the teens now for several quarters in a row. So we’re actually putting those packages, and that network, into the right system form now, that is actually benefitting us across the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Ross of Stifel Investments.
Bruce Chan - Stifel Nicolaus : It’s actually Bruce Chan on for David Ross. I’m just curious, on the trade network side, we’ve heard from some of the other forwarders out there that trans-Pac volumes have been kind of blah, with soft summer volumes and limited optimism for 2014. I’m wondering if your outlook is the same, or if you’re expecting something a little bit rosier, and if rosier, is that because you’re taking share, whether price related or product offering related?
Dave Bronczek : We’re toggling our traffic back and forth between Express and FTN, so FTN is performing very well. I think the volumes are slightly higher. The yields are a little bit weaker. I think that’s the case across the world, but it’s performing exactly like we had planned it to, so our FTN organization is doing a terrific job, great service, and moving the lower-yielding international economy into their network.
Operator: Our next question comes from Benjamin Hartford of Baird.
Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird : I guess if we could just tie that all together, could you give us a sense, Dave, maybe where you believe the network is in relation to needing to divert lower yielding freight off of your aircraft into third-party capacity? Do you feel like you’ve gotten out in front of this trade down phenomenon that’s been discussed a lot? Do you still feel like there’s incremental progress to be made in terms of putting the lower yielding packages onto the appropriate modes? Can you provide some perspective there?
Dave Bronczek :
, :
Operator: We will now take our next question from Christian Wetherbee with Citi.
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning, it's [Scott] [ph] in for Chris. My question pertains to Ground margins. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of some of the individual headwinds that you faced during the quarter, the higher network expansion costs, fuel surcharge, and one less operating day, and what those effects were on margins.
Henry Maier : Virtually of the year over year change in margin was due to fuel. And as Alan pointed out, operating income was impacted by fuel and one less operating day. Network expansion costs, at this point in time, are really for capacity, and part of our anticipation of peak buildup.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan : Alan, a question for you on the SG&A. I think you mentioned you’re now expecting $600 million of savings. I just want to make sure I’m understanding it right. Is that comparable with the $500 million you initially laid out at the analyst day over a year ago? And then can you give some color on when we should expect to see that? When I look at labor savings this quarter, and I back out pension, we don’t really see any signs of the headcount reductions, and is that a timing issue or are there any offsets there we should think about?
Alan Graf : You asked several questions in there, so let me do my best. First, on the tactical one, we made acquisitions last year that are year over year, and on your last question, that’s what you’re seeing there. Yes, the $600 million is comparable to the $500 million. We are actually well ahead of our cost goals that we outlined 11 months ago, and I feel very comfortable about where we are on the cost side. And we’ll continue to work that hard.
 : Now, having said that, to your strategic question, the world looks a lot different today than it did 11 months ago, when we gave you the very specific five buckets about how we were going to improve at Express. So after you listen to what Mike said about ’13 and ‘14’s economic outlook, I think that we’re going to have a little bit more pressure on our base erosion at Express that we’ve got to, as Dave talked about, match lift to load, if you will. So we’re aggressively doing that. That may mean that we have to get to the 1.6 a little bit differently than what we described to you, and it may mean that we will be more back end loaded towards the second half of ’15 and ’16 as we start really driving the leverage of the things that we’re doing. But we’re committed to the 1.6, and we’ll have that by the end of FY16, and I feel comfortable by saying that in today’s environment.
Operator: We will now take our next question from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America.
Ken Hoexter - Bank of America Merrill Lynch : Following on the international side, I just want to understand, on the trade down effect, are you taking further steps? And to Alan’s point there, are you now looking to get some of those cost savings internationally? I think you talked about originally maybe moving some of these cost programs into the international bucket. And have you started to look at that on the cost side?
Alan Graf: I thank you for the question, because again I want to stress that as a strategy from FedEx Corporation, we are embracing International economy. And we like these growth rates. And we believe very strongly that we can make the shift that the customers are making while still growing the premium service of IP. It will just be at a slower growth rate than we had anticipated 11 months ago. But the IE network is coming in place very nicely, and we’re going to continue to work on that and I feel pretty comfortable that we’ll make this strategic change. And I’ll let Dave give you some more detail.
Dave Bronczek : That’s right, Alan. You saw in the numbers our flight hours were down significantly and our fuel usage was down significantly, and that’s on our own backbone network. And as we expand our International Economy traffic into other networks, that’s actually a very positive thing for us on both sides of the financial equation for Express. So we are embracing the economy service. In those traffic cohorts there’s a lot more upside there. We’ve capped it in the past.
Operator: We’re going to take our next question from Brandon Oglenski of Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays : I guess I want to focus for a third question here on cost. For the first time, we actually saw Express quarterly costs ex-fuel come down, although slightly. Should we expect that to accelerate throughout fiscal ’14 and into ’15? And Alan, are those cost cuts just becoming a little bit more challenging to derive? Is that why you’re saying it might be a little bit more back end loaded to achieve that 75% of $1.6 billion next year?
Alan Graf: Again, acquisitions that are now fully in our P&L are kind of masking what we’re doing in terms of bending our costs down. And I think I also mentioned to you about we still have over half the people that are still working here through the first quarter from our voluntary buyout program, which a year from now they’ll all have left and we will be able to see a much bigger number at Express directly and from the chargeback that Express gets from services. So I think that’s the macro answer to your question. Dave has a lot of specific productivity things going on, so I’ll turn it over to him.
Dave Bronczek : We’ve hardened all of our expense programs. They’re all working exactly as we would like them to work. That’s what we told you. In fact, I guess it was the question before, it’s actually all around the world on our expense targets and performance there. So with the exception of acquisitions that have added a layer of expense, and revenue quite frankly, and without the impact of fuel this quarter that was significant for Express, our operating profit improving 14% is right in line with what we’ve planned to achieve and are achieving.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs: We’ve noticed that the cash flows continue to build up nicely, and you’re now looking at about $5 billion in the quarter. Can you give us a little bit of guidance as to how we should be thinking about capital allocation with regard to, perhaps, your longer term plan for capex? And as we think about modeling, do we want to think about modeling capex as some sort of ratio as a percentage of fixed assets, or revenue? And then within that component, what percent do you think is more for replacement as opposed to the growth side of the capex?
Alan Graf : Our capex strategy has changed over time, as we are now focused on replacement and modernization of the aircraft fleet at Express, which is driving, and you’re already seeing it. Notice the last two fiscal years, in the fourth quarter, we’ve significantly reduced, and we’ve retired a number of planes, we’ve shortened the depreciable lives, which of course is a headwind for Dave’s segment. But it’s for replacement capital, which is much more efficient, and with fuel prices where they are - you know, jet’s at $3 - it’s absolutely mandatory that we continue to do that if we’re going to hit our $1.6 billion goal. We want to put as much money as we possibly can into Ground, because it’s going to continue to grow. It’s very high ROIC. Ground’s margins are going to stay in the 17% to 19% range, and we’re going to continue to take market share. Freight, they’ve done a great job of continuing to tweak their operating model a lot more on rail. We expect freight to grow, and so we’ll invest there as well. As to capital allocation, we continue to talk about that as the strategic level all the time, and we don’t have anything to say about capital allocation today, and we’ll keep you posted.
Operator: We’re going to take our next question from Kelly Dougherty of Macquarie.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie : Alan, maybe if you could give us some more color on the different buckets outside of the SG&A, how you get to that $1.6 billion number. I know things have changed around a little bit, but could you give us any more sense on what the size of the other buckets look like?
Alan Graf : Well, we’re only one quarter into a 12-quarter program. I was just trying to point out that we have to manage the business as well, and things change, and we’re doing that. So whereas we were looking at a different revenue outlook for International Express 11 months ago, components have changed. There will be much more IE in the future than we had anticipated, and probably less IP, although it will continue to grow. So we have to change our cost structure more than we thought. So you might see a little bit more on the cost side of the equation, and a little bit less on the revenue benefit side of the equation.
Dave Bronczek : And these are the buckets that we’ve gone over before, but just so you can put them down, domestic transformation, or domestic cost network, if you will; international profit improvement across the world; fleet modernization; efficiency of staff functions and the process therein - of course, targeting profitable yields and revenue growth.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer : In Ground, you’ve spoken about building out capacity and spending a bit more on capex this year. Can you give us a progress report, an update, on what’s going on there? You mentioned some buildout for the holidays. Also, is there any work there to strategically capitalize on etailer strategies, expanding distribution networks?
Henry Maier : There were a lot of questions there, so I hope I get them all. First of all, 90% of the capital expense is to expand our capacity for growth. And the large elements of these expenditures are new hubs, building expansions and relocations, material handling, and rolling stock. So we are very disciplined, as I’ve said in the past, about adding capital. We try to handle peaks in volume with operating expense instead of capital, and we generally put together a five to seven year plan based on our forecast as to how we intend to expand the network. Now, clearly our volume is being driven by ecommerce. I think Mike has said in the past it’s growing 5-6 times the rate of brick and mortar. I would tell you that we believe that we are uniquely positioned to compete in this space. We have FedEx Home Delivery for customers that desire high-touch, high value transportation services for their residential deliveries. FedEx Home Delivery offers extra services, including day-definite service, appointment service, and evening delivery, in addition to signature options. And then we have FedEx Smart Post, which is uniquely positioned to offer a low-cost option for customers who would like to offer free shipping to their customers. And we do this with final mile delivery by the USPS. So we think that we’re uniquely positioned in the marketplace to capture our fair share of ecommerce.
Operator: We’re going to take our next question from Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Jack Atkins - Stephens : Just had a quick question on the tech product launches that are planned here in the second half of 2013. Can you just give us some color on what you think that will do to overall industry capacity, and maybe what’s baked into your guidance from a volume and rate perspective?
Mike Glenn : Obviously we’ll see some tech launches this week. There have been changes in the way that tech products are moved into the marketplace. A lot more staging of inventory going on the international front as opposed to using expedited from door to door. So we have seen some changes in that regard in terms of how product is moved to the U.S. and put into inventory. We will certainly benefit from that, with these launches. Probably a greater benefit in the domestic system, although it is a short burst. So even though it’s a lot of traffic in a very short period of time, you don’t see the long tail of that that potentially you’ve seen in the past, although certainly we’ll benefit from accessories and other things that come on the back end of these tech launches.
Operator: We’re going to take our next question from Jeff Kauffman with Buckingham Research.
Jeff Kauffman - Buckingham Research : You did take down modestly your U.S. and global forecast. I know you mentioned, Fred, that it was related to some changes in the makeups of these growth objectives. But in terms of your own outlook, you spent a little less capex than we were looking for. What are your thoughts on your capital budget for this year, and what is changing in your own forecast where you’re maintaining your forward guidance in the face of lower global growth?
Mike Glenn : Let me clarify. On the current year ’13 economic outlook I mentioned that it’s historical data revisions that are really driving the bulk of the reduction in our calendar year ’13 growth rates. Obviously as GDP numbers are updated, which takes some time, we build that back into the historical trend, and that affects the forecast going forward. So really not as much material change in the fundamentals of the business, as opposed to just historical data revisions on the economic forecast. And I’ll let Alan handle the second part.
Alan Graf: We’re not changing our capital spending plans for this year. As I said, we want to continue to invest heavily in Ground, and we want to continue to do the fleet replacement at Express. As we look at ’15 and ’16, as part of the profit improvement program and other things, there may be a possibility that we will slide some of that further out depending on how the economy goes. And we’ll just have to see. We have some flexibility to do that, but I think $4 billion is the right number for us this year. If we can sort of hold that level for a while, as revenues grow, then we’ll get a better capex to revenue ratio. I’m not making any ’15 commitments yet, because we’re going to have to wait and see what the outlook looks like, but I can tell you the 767s, the first 25 of them, are just beautiful from a return and operating profit improvement standpoint.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley : Mike, can you remind us, on the GRI in Express, how much of the business does that cover? And also, does it include dim weight pricing changes? Because it seems like that’s been quite effective for pricing in the past.
Mike Glenn : Well, that’s been one of our key strategies, to substantially increase the amount of parcel traffic that is covered by the GRI. And we’ve done a terrific job over the last three to four years. That’s been a key component of our revenue management program. So well over half the traffic is now impacted. We certainly have contracts that still are in place today that are locked into a GRI, and it’s based upon the contract term and not the annual GRI. But our sales team and our pricing science team have done a phenomenal job of working with customers to get them on an annual rate increase. So we’re very pleased with that. We did not make any changes to the dimensional weight that we put in place several years ago. That’s the last time we made the change. But that clearly has benefited the company, that strategic change we made several years ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allison Landry with Credit Suisse.
Allison Landry - Credit Suisse : I was wondering if you could quantify what the overall fuel lag headwind was during the quarter, and if we should be expecting a similar impact in Q2.
Alan Graf : While we don’t give specific numbers, I can tell you it was significant. If you just think about how the fuel prices ran up towards the end of the quarter, and our fuel surcharge lags by six weeks, it’s pretty evident that we were paying a lot higher for jet fuel and not able to pass along the surcharge. As to Q2 and the rest of the year, I wish I could tell you. It’s one of the things that’s a big wildcard on a quarter to quarter basis, is what happens with, particularly, jet fuel prices, but also with diesel and vehicle fuel. But particularly jet fuel prices. If the global political environment calms down a little bit, and the price of crude declines and jet fuel follows it, then that would be beneficial to us in the second quarter, but I can’t predict it. So we just have the six-week lag, and we just have to deal with it. Over time it evens out, but it sure does cause volatility.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan : I wanted to follow up on one of the topics, Dave Bronczek, that you talked about a little bit earlier on the shift into IE traffic, and I guess how that relates to trade down. So your comments were pretty optimistic, that you’re making good progress. And I just wanted to get a sense is that something that you’re optimistic because you’re going to see this change, but you’re early in the change in terms of shifting that traffic? Or have you just executed this maybe quicker than we would have anticipated, and you’d say, hey, 50% of our IE traffic is already in commercial lift, and that trade down headwind that we’ve been concerned about really wasn’t that big of an issue in the quarter. So I guess some further perspective on the trade down and shift of IE traffic would be great.
Dave Bronczek : Great question. We’ve actually been looking at this issue, planning for it. As you know, we’ve talked about it for several quarters. Our team has executed this flawlessly. It’s been terrific for our customers and for our network, of course. I think you’re going to see, going forward, that we think we have more opportunity in the International Economy side. We used to capital that International Economy traffic in our existing line haul network. And going forward, there’s an opportunity to grow that and grow it successfully. So I think the answer to your question, we’ve planned it now for several quarters. We’ve executed it flawlessly, and we’re very excited about where we are. Mike?
Mike Glenn : I just would add one point. I think one of the keys to success that we’ve had is the terrific collaboration between our sales team and the Express operating unit, in terms of getting customers into the right network. And we’re early in that process, but I’m extremely happy with the results in terms of how we’ve been able to collaborate here to get to the right solution for our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Schoonmaker with Morningstar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar : I noticed a pretty strong 16% growth in international domestic volume. Is this organic, or mostly from folding in acquisitions? And I guess related, could you comment on international regions where you’ve seen particular strength?
Dave Bronczek: Yes, that’s a good question. It’s from both, actually, acquisitions and our organic European plan. The organic plan has performed outstandingly well. I’d like to thank and congratulate our team over there. We’ve opened 87 stations in the last 18 months, and the service has been terrific. So with the incremental acquisitions we’ve added, that’s where you’ve seen the domestic international volume up 16%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets : You talk are looking at international economy, and Alan, I think you talked about maybe a little more base erosion in Express. So how would you characterize where we stand today with the customer trade down? Is it the same as it was a year ago? Has it accelerated? And maybe it sounds like you guys are embracing it more. So maybe if you could compare where we are today to where we were a year ago.
Dave Bronczek : I think the bigger issue is we’re dealing with a new normal. We’ve seen a lot of the trade down already from customers that have made the change to deferred services. I think we’re now talking about more of a growth story going forward in terms of the mix of growth than we are the trade down story. So this is a terrific opportunity for us, and we plan to take advantage of that opportunity with our networks.
Alan Graf : If you think about the aviation and fuel and energy intensity of an international movement, and the time differential between priority and economy, given how high fuel prices are, you can understand why customers are trading down, because they get significantly better price, and they give up a couple of days. That’s much more difficult to manage in the short term than what we’ve been managing in the U.S. between Express, Express Deferred, and Ground, which we now have right about in the right place. As you notice, U.S. domestic did fine in the quarter on its revenue growth. So I’ve got to say, hats off to the sales and marketing team for grappling with this and handling this and how swift these changes occurred. And our pricing, I think, is right. It’s just going to take us a little bit longer than we’d hoped to get this perfectly balanced. And Dave can give you some tactical information.
Dave Bronczek : Again, Mike mentioned it before. For example, on the high tech [unintelligible], these big releases, in the past I would have had to have added extra sections of flying. Now we’ve moved it into our FTN network, and it’s very consistent, it’s very reliable, and we move it into our networks in the United States in freight and ground. It’s a perfect portfolio play for us now, and the cost and profit implications are much greater. So I think yes, we’ve embraced it, and I think it’s a big opportunity going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein : Just a couple followups on the International Economy thing. First, Dave, did you just say that the International Economy product was coming into the ground or freight networks, as opposed to the express networks? Just as a clarification on the last comment? I just wasn’t sure I heard that correctly.
Dave Bronczek : The international freight that I’m talking about, coming out of Asia and around the world, is just moving in a different network, in our FTN network. We move it around the world, instead of our FedEx purple tails. When traffic gets into the United States, we look at the service requirements the customers want, and if we can, we move it into ground, we move it into freight, we move it at express.
Fred Smith : Let me try to say a couple of things here to clarify some of the things that we’ve been commenting on. In the main, express traffic, whether it’s package or light freight, is smaller and lighter than the type of traffic that’s handled in the FTN network. So these big bulk shipments coincident with product releases by the high tech folks are very difficult to handle, because they’re lumpy and they have expectations of very low yields. So that’s the type of movement that Dave is talking about FTN moving and then putting into the ground and freight movement. The day to day express movement, whether it’s priority or economy, is picked up and transported by the Express unit, and it’s moved in the right network. And as Dave said, on the line haul side, depending on what the customer wants, it’s toggled between express and FTN, depending on the nature of the traffic. You certainly cannot fly an owned airplane at today’s yields in the general commodity freight network. Now, you can say I’m making money in my underbellies, if you’re a combination carrier, but at today’s yields, it’s almost too costly to cover the direct operating expenses, much less the capital expenses for some of these operations. So the market has changed, and as Dave and Mike have said, and I said at the last conference call, it’s important that you recognize that the International Economy Express is a growth sector. Dave said it’s growing 15%. So we’ve embraced that, and the strategy we put in place over the last year and which our people have executed is terrific, and it’s a perfect complement to this heavier traffic that FTN carries, an awful lot of which goes on the ocean. And that is inserted into the ground and freight networks when we get into the United States. So I think there’s a little bit of misunderstanding about the demographics of the traffic, as well as the nomenclature of the traffic.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Jacoby with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Jacoby - Goldman Sachs : Regarding future aircraft purchases, can you maybe tell us a little bit more about where you guys stand with respect to leasing versus purchasing the aircraft? I know you said a few years back that you were probably leaning more towards putting those aircraft on balance sheet, now that you guys are pretty well positioned in the investment grade world.
Alan Graf : Pretty shortly, everything’s going on balance sheet, whether it’s leased or not, so that’s not why we leased airplanes in the past. We’re going to own airplanes going forward, because we are a full effective tax payer, and we can use those benefits. And one of the reasons we accelerated our capital the last couple of years was in fact to take advantage of the 100% and 50% bonus depreciation.
Dave Bronczek : We haven’t leased an airplane in years, 2000, Mickey just informed me.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay [unintelligible] with [unintelligible].
Jay [unintelligible] with [unintelligible]: Looking at your International Express regional market position, you have an outstanding position in the Americas and Asia, but a weaker position in Europe. Does that lack of balance hurt margins, and how could you strengthen your presence in Europe?
Mike Glenn : The comment I made earlier, and I think I talked about it before, our organic European expansion is adding a very nice layer of growth and cost improvement in Europe and traffic coming in from around the world into Europe. So we are working hard to be more balanced - I think that’s your point - but we’ve seen tremendous results in our plans. We’ve had it now in place for 18 months, and we plan to expand that going forward into the next fiscal year.
Alan Graf : Just to remind you, in the last 12 months, we’ve bought companies in Poland, France, and South Africa.
Fred Smith : And a couple of years ago, we made a great acquisition in the United Kingdom, and FedEx U.K. is a terrific operation now.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Campbell with Thompson Davis & Company.
David Campbell - Thompson Davis & Company : The forecasts for fiscal ’14 are partially based on so-called stable fuel prices. Does that mean stable relative to the prices in August? Stable to what?
Alan Graf : It means that there’s no volatility in them from where we are, because of the lag time between the surcharge and the cost of the fuel, which I think I talked about earlier.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank : I don’t know if I missed it or not, but I didn’t hear the change in frequencies out of Asian when I’d asked that with Dave earlier. And then I wanted to ask about the GRI, following up on Bill Greene’s question. The other thing that we didn’t see this year is a change in the fuel surcharge alongside a GRI with Express, so I was kind of curious if you guys feel like that may not be needed anymore, or if that’s something that you just decided not to do this year, if that wasn’t something that you disclosed in the release.
Dave Bronczek : On your first point, it was my first comments that I made. We actually adjusted our global network coming out of Asia this quarter, similarly to what we did last quarter. So yes, you’re right, we adjusted Asia down.
Mike Glenn : We began in 2005 to institute higher base rate increases while reducing the fuel surcharge, as you noted. The strategy there was to help ensure that the fuel surcharge index was properly aligned to fuel prices, and it also gave customers more predictability, because if the base rates have been adjusted to account for some of the fuel surcharge, obviously it doesn’t have the volatility that it would have if it were sitting in the fuel surcharge. We believe that the index as it sits today, and has been in place since last January, is appropriate for the current environment, although obviously we’ll reevaluate that each year as part of the GRI and will determine next year as to whether we need to go back to the prior practice or continue with what we did this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group - Wolfe Trahan : I wanted to ask one on ground. How much of the margin pressure at ground is fuel and how much is kind of the capex rollout? And as we think about that capex spend, is this kind of one year that sets you up for four or five years of growth? Or are we at the point where you’re going to have big capex increases in ground every year for a while?
Henry Maier : As I said before, virtually all of the margin impact in the first quarter year over year is due to unfavorable fuel. Concerning capex, we’ve put together five, six year forecasts on our capital needs based on our growth and where we see we’re going to be constrained in the network. I’ll say again that we are very disciplined about where we add capital. We try to avoid adding capital for peaks in business as best we can. We tend to handle those with operating cost. And I think that’s probably the answer to your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek [Rabee] with Raymond James.
Derek [Rabee] - Raymond James: I wanted to look at the freight division if I could, and maybe some commentary there on how demand trended throughout the quarter, and then how it’s shaping up so far in September.
Alan Graf : Again, we’re pleased with our momentum as we had good balance between yield, weight per shipment, and volume. A few network adjustments during the quarter, and again there will be one less business day. So we were pleased with our progress in the quarter, and again, the operations team is doing a really nice job on the efficiencies to balance off that one less day. But good balance overall, and a focus on good balance yield.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Dave Ross with Stifel Investments.
Bruce Chan - Stifel Nicolaus : I just wanted to switch gears a little bit to talk about Smart Post. Underlying postal rates there went up a little bit, and foreseeably are going to continue to do so. At what point do you guys plan on shifting some of that volume onto maybe your own fleet? Or are you going to continue to pass rates through and keep things as they are?
Henry Maier : We have the ability through our contracts to pass through postal increases. We are always impacted, though, by the timing and customer mix in terms of how quickly we can realize that. And decisions to switch between networks are largely customer decisions. We don’t drive that.
Bill Logue: I’ve got a question here that came in on the internet from William Flynn. “What are the opportunities for increasing leverage gains in freight? It seems as if you’re taking advantage of investments in equipment in the form of lower maintenance cost, but these are being offset by increased PT cost, purchase transportation costs. So how should we think about the dynamics in freight going forward?” Good question. Again, we’ve made some good investments in our fleets over the last three years. Purchase transportation right now, rates are up, moving, as we move more to the rail. So a combination of moving to the rail, price increases in the purchase transportation, but again seeing the offsetting benefit in our line haul. So again, we will keep investing in our fleet, obviously making sure we have appropriate equipment running at good efficiencies. But again, purchase transportation will always be a supplement to our line haul. And again, our objective there is a combination, because rail comes in the purchase transportation bucket. So again, line haul, as we all know, is a key objective to improve that for the organization, and again, a rate benefit for leverage going forward for our business.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s question and answer session. Mr. Foster, at this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to you for additional or closing remarks, sir.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation’s first quarter earnings release conference call. Feel free to call anyone on the investor relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thanks again.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-06-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster - Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mike Glenn - Executive Vice President, Market Development and Corporate Communications Alan Graf - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Dave Bronczek - President and Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Henry Maier - President and Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Ground
Analysts: Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan Taylor Mulherin - Deutsche Bank Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Chris Wetherbee - Citi Scott Group - Wolfe Research Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Brandon Oglenski - Barclays Art Hatfield - Raymond James Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Research Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer Connor Hustava - Stephens Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners David Vernon - Bernstein Peter Nesvold - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning and welcome to FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release and our stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay and podcast will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer sessions, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. If you are listening to the call through our live webcast, feel free to submit your questions via e-mail or as a message on stocktwits.com. For e-mail, please include your full name and contact information with your question, send it to ir@fedex.com address. To send a question via stocktwits.com, please be sure to include $FDX in the message. Preference will be given to enquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. In our earnings release, we include certain non-GAAP financial measures which we may discuss on this call. Please refer to the release available on our website for a further discussion of these measures and a reconciliation to them to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. To the extent we disclose any other non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the investor relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are, Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO, Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO, Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services, Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO, Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express, Henry Maier, President and CEO of FedEx Ground and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And, now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning and welcome to our discussion of operating and financial results for the fourth quarter of fiscal year '13. As you can see, FedEx made significant progress on several fronts in fiscal 2013, our results improved in the fourth quarter with an operating margin of 9.6% and $1.1 billion in operating income on an adjusted basis. FedEx Ground posted another strong year and e-commerce boosted our volumes. These positive developments in quarter four however did not fully offset sluggish economic growth and customers' preference for international economy services. However as noted, we are taking actions to better align our global networks with demand. We are confident that our business strategy is correct and we believe we are positioning FedEx for profitable long-term growth. Before I turn the call over to Mike Glenn for his thoughts on the economy and Alan Graf for elaboration on financial results, I would like to note that FedEx is revising its practices on earnings guidance beginning this quarter. We will provide full year projections with quarterly updates. We will no longer provide quarterly earnings per share guidance. For fiscal 2014, the company projects earnings per share growth of 7% to 13% from fiscal 2013 adjusted results. There are three primary reasons that we decided to change the format for issuing guidance. One, volatile short-term shifts and macroeconomic trends in global markets are making quarterly earnings guidance increasingly less precise. Two, this move will allow us to focus on more productive activities and better manage our business and three it is consistent with industry peer practices. Of course, we remain committed to candor full transparency and sound corporate governance. Now, Mike Glenn.
Mike Glenn: Thank you, Fred. I am going to provide a brief overview of our economic outlook as well as some commentary on package and freight yields. We continue to see modest growth in the global economy. Our U.S. GDP growth forecast is 2% for calendar year 2013 and 2.5% for calendar year 2014. For industrial production, we expect growth of 2.8% in calendar 2013 and 3.5% in calendar 2014. The outlook remains highly uncertain with the euro zone in recession and policy risk still high. Our global GDP growth forecast is 2.3% for calendar 2013 and 3% for calendar 2014. Turning to yields. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express domestic package yields increased 2.4%. The increase was primarily driven by rate and discount improvements followed by weight per package. In the Ground segment, yield per package increased 2.3% excluding the impact of fuel. The year-over-year increase was driven by rate and discount improvement and an increase in extra service charges. Excluding fuel, International export Express package yield decreased 1.7% year-over-year driven by rate, discount and exchange rate. Finally, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per hundredweight in the FedEx Freight segment increased 1.7% year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by rate and discount changes followed by weight per shipment. Now, I will turn it over to Alan Graf for financial commentary.
Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In FY13, Ground posted another stellar year with industry-leading margin, acquisitions in Poland, France, Brazil and Mexico, are on course to enhance profit at Express. Freight made solid progress following its return to profit last year and we signed a new $10.5 billion, seven-year contract with the U.S. Postal Service, a testament to the quality of service and the strong relationship we have built over the past decade. For the fourth quarter, as adjusted diluted earnings per share grew 7% to $2.13, excluding business realignment and charges to retire some aircraft and related engines at Express. Regarding our aircraft retirements, this Friday at the Memphis airport, we will be honoring our last 727 revenue flight. As Fred mentioned, adjusted operating margin increased to 9.6% for the quarter versus adjusted 9% last year on 4% higher revenue of $11.4 billion. Now, let's take a look at the segments. At Express, revenue grew from this year's business acquisitions and from the growth of FedEx Trade Networks in the quarter. Margins grew year-over-year, up 50 basis points to 6.6%, excluding charges due to a net benefit from fuel surcharge timing lag versus the prior year, capacity reductions and other cost reductions. Margins grew at Express despite the continued shift toward lower yielding international services. At Ground, adjusted operating margins slightly exceeded last year's spectacular 20% in Q4. Ground's average daily volume grew 10% for the quarter with growth in both, FedEx Home Delivery and business-to-business services. Average daily volume for SmartPost soared 25%, primarily due to growth in e-commerce. I should note that Ground has gained revenue share for 54 consecutive quarters. On the Saturday before Mother's Day, Home Delivery set a new non-peak record of 1.7 million package deliveries equivalent to a peak Saturday during the winter holiday season. At Freight, ongoing profit improvement initiatives enabled us to maintain adjusted margins of 5.8% year-over-year, despite 3% fewer shipments. During the quarter shipment volume was impacted in part by the transition of Freight to the FedEx enterprise automation platform, as some customers encountered difficulties in the process of improving our automation and technology. As to outlook, based on the economic outlook that Mike talked about and Fred's discussion of the changes to our guidance framework, we project earnings per share growth of 7% to 13% from FY13 adjusted results. Our outlook depends on our GDP assumptions and a stable pricing environment for fuel since fuel price volatility impacts our fuel surcharge levels and fuel expense as well as demand for our services. In addition to continued profit improvements in the base businesses at Ground and Freight, our profit improvement programs announced in FY13 are targeting annual profitability improvement of $1.6 billion at Express by the end of FY16 from the full year FY13 adjusted operating income level. Collectively, these initiatives are expected to increase margins, improve cash flows and increase our competitiveness. However, the amount of benefit ultimately realized will be dependent upon future customer demand, particularly for premium international services. We expect to begin realizing a portion of the benefits from the profit improvement program gradually in FY14. However, the majority of benefits including those from our voluntary buy-out program will not occur until FY15 and FY16. Looking at the Express outlook, revenue and earnings are expected to increase at Express in FY14. Revenue growth is expected as we reap the benefits of our FTN expansion, our international/domestic services and our European organic growth program. Earnings are expected to benefit from ongoing cost initiatives, capacity reductions and revenue growth. As we expect continued pressure on international yields, we are continuing to evaluate further actions within the Express network to better match costs with yield and we will eliminate another Asia to U.S. frequency in July. The USPS agreement is extremely valuable to the company, but we will see some rate reductions starting in Q2 of FY14. We accelerated the retirement of certain aircraft and related engines due to the planned acquisition of more efficient and reliable new aircraft and projected slower economic growth than previously forecast. The accelerated aircraft retirements will add $74 million in year-over-year depreciation expense. The aircraft that were retired at the end of FY13 were parked throughout the year and parking them provided a maintenance benefit in FY13. The Ground outlook is good as revenues are expected to continue to grow in FY14, led by volume growth across all our major services due to continued e-commerce growth and market share gains, as well as anticipated yield growth from our yield management programs. As a result of this anticipated volume and yield growth, we expect continued growth in Ground's operating income for FY14. We do expect capital spending at Ground to increase in FY14, and for the next several years at a very high ROIC as we expand our capacity to meet growing demand. At Freight, modest revenue growth is expected for FY14 as demand in the LTL market remains weak and we continue to focus on our yield and shipment initiatives in our differentiated LTL services. Freight operating income and operating margin are expected to increase modestly, driven by increases in yields and shipments as well as the continued improvements in productivity and efficiency across our integrated network, including an increased use of rail for economy shipments. Overall, we expect earnings growth for Q1 2014 to be solid, but challenged as we expect headwinds year-over-year from fuel surcharge timing lag, one less operating day and continued pressure on international yields and freight volumes. Also, the benefits of the voluntary buy-out program will ramp out throughout the year with the majority of those expense reductions occurring after the first quarter. Our businesses are cyclical in nature and seasonal fluctuations will affect volumes, revenues and earnings. Other factors, we expect our effective tax rate to be between 36.5% and 37% for FY14 depending on the amount and source of operating income. Our U.S. pension plans have ample funds to meet expected benefits. Retirement plan cost for FY14 will decline by nearly $200 million due to strong investment returns on planned assets and a slightly higher discount rate at our May 31 measurement day. Our FY14 capital expenditures are expected to increase to approximately $4 billion due to increased spending on facilities and aircraft. Approximately half of the 2014 capital expenditures will be designated for growth with the other half dedicated to maintain our existing operations, most notably continued aircraft fleet modernization at Express. We will continue to evaluate our investments in critical long-term strategic projects to ensure our capital expenditures generate high returns and are balanced with our outlook for global economic conditions. Now, let's take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). We'll take our first question from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Yes. Good morning. I wanted to focus on the restructuring and kind of how you see the pace of that activity playing out. You indicated you expect, I think, a stronger pace of margin improvement in fiscal 2015, and then maybe a build in fiscal 2014, but are there any numbers that you can give us or kind of a range of numbers in terms of how much actual restructuring cost savings would be in that fiscal 2014. Is that $200 million or $300 million and what you think that number might build to in terms of the restructuring-driven operating income improvement in fiscal 2015. Thank you.
Alan Graf: Thanks, Tom. This is Alan. Thanks for the question. I think I will answer two or the three parts if that's okay. As we noted, we only had about 40% of the people leave on May 31, as we determined how many folks we needed to keep for a longer period of time to continue our high service levels for both, internal and external customers. So, I don't know what everybody has in their models that is in first call, but I suspect that there were people who are expecting to see higher FY14 benefit than what I am currently looking at, which is the right thing for the company to do. I will tell you this that we expect the ongoing savings, when we are outgoing right in FY16 to be well in excess of $600 million. The cash charges or the business realignment charges from an accounting standpoint, as we said were $560 million in 2013. The cash outflows actually are spread out as people leave. We expect about a 21-month [payback] [ph] on this program, so we are thrilled with where we are and think we have got right in the sweet spot, but less benefit in 2014 and much greater in 2015 and 2016.
Dave Bronczek: Tom, this is Dave Bronczek. I will add to what Alan said. We talked about at the Analyst Meeting; the FY16 target of our $1.6 billion profit improvement is still on target. 75% of that accrues by FY15 and we are right on track to hit those goals.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Taylor Mulherin - Deutsche Bank: This is Taylor Mulherin on for Justin this morning. I'm hoping to get your thoughts on trans-Pacific Express capacity in the trade down going forward. It's looking like Express continues to be impacted by both, demand headwinds in the trade down to the lower yielding services, so can you talk a little bit more about your cost cutting efforts for the line-haul network in your shift toward using more third-party resources?
Dave Bronczek: Yes. This is Dave Bronczek, again. We announced last quarter that we are reducing some of our network capacity and we announced it again today for July. You saw in our numbers for the last several quarters; international economy has been growing at double-digit rates, 11% and 12%. International priority has been slightly behind growth plans that we had put forward. So, we have moved some of the traffic that's more lower yielding economy into our FTN network, pulling down our network capacity, pulling down flight hours, pulling down some fuel and overall balancing our network, and we will continue to do that going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nate Brochmann - William Blair & Company: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just to follow-up on that, Dave, talking about the FedEx Trade Network. As you continue to build that, how is your pricing negotiations going with the other third-party vendor in terms of, whether we can see some more yield improvement there as we gain a little bit more scale through that? Just if you could touch on that a little bit.
Dave Bronczek: Well, the capacity build-out is going extremely well. We are in 140 locations now in 27 countries and we continue to have great progress and great results there. We are bundling with our customers, of course, the right products and the right network, so we are actually more internally focused with our customers in how we price the products going forward, so we are actually in very good shape there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Ross with Stifel Nicolaus.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Good morning, everyone. It's maybe a question for Chris. The new legislation passed in New Jersey that says truck drivers must be employees. Does the multi-work area contractor model or the ISP model you have switched to become impacted if that's signed into law and are there other states that are doing anything similar or threatening to the ground model right now?
Chris Richards: This is Chris Richards. The bill as it was passed by the legislature unfairly targets independent contractors in the transportation industry who have chosen to operate through their own small businesses. As you know, we have only incorporated independent contractors and they all have their own employees, and this law will discourage small businesses and hamper the state's ability to maintain employment in a time where the economy is challenging employment, so we are confident that the administration in New Jersey is not going to be interested and will not want to enact a law that harms small businesses at this juncture and we are working in that direction. Now, we fully expect that there may be some other folks who might want to follow in proposing legislation and understates, but I want to make it very clear, we are absolutely confident that these kinds of laws interfere with interstate commerce and we will aggressively challenge any situation where such a law is enacted.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Benjamin Hartford with Robert W. Baird.
Benjamin Hartford - Robert W. Baird: Good morning. Dave, I was wondering if you could provide any context or perspective to underlying airfreight trends. We know the diversions between IE and IP trends, but underlying airfreight trends generally in your outlook for the second half of the year, it sounds as though tech related customers are slightly more confident as it relates to the back half of the year and as it relates to Asian outbound airfreight, so wondering if you have any perspective as it relates to that.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. Let me make a couple of comments. World air cargo traffic has shown consistent growth historically, but we have certainly seen slowing of that in the last five years. In fact, we have seen a decline in four of the last five years in overall traffic levels in the Air Cargo segment, and there are really four issues that are driving that. One, is global GDP has been growing at a slower pace. Global trade drives air cargo and has traditionally grown faster than global GDP, but that's not been the case recently. As I mentioned, we have seen a decline in global air cargo markets, four out of the last five years and certainly higher energy prices are having an impact on that. So, the global air cargo market has been under pressure for four out of the last five years. And, obviously, we are taking actions to manage our way through that, which Dave has pointed out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Yes. Hi there. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Alan, can I ask you to comment a little bit further on some of the CapEx plans? You talked about some of the growth in Ground. Of course, we've got some good ROICs there, but I was little surprised to see it up almost 18% relative to the last fiscal year. Can you talk a little bit about the ability to sort of move that around over the course of the year? Is this a hard and fast number or maybe some insights as to why it kind of went up so much?
Alan Graf: Well, the largest increase is going to be at Ground. We have to take the next, start billing for the future and we are going to develop new properties and facilities and I will let Henry add some color to this and we have got to start investing in now, so we can be ready for what traffics we are expecting in FY16, and I think it's a good thing. These are high ROIC investments and we are happy to put it in. There is a slight increase at Express. But, again, that's part of our fleet modernization, and particularly the 757s and 767s have good, good ROICs. So, let met turn over to Henry on the Ground aspect [because it is the] [ph] biggest increase.
Henry Maier: Yes. Thanks for the question. Majority of our capital is for capacity growth to support our growth, or for revenue equipment replacement. You know we are very disciplined about any decision we make about capital, and we are going to be very disciplined going forward.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Chris Wetherbee - Citi: Good morning. Yes. Maybe a question just about the pace of kind of underlying business trends within Express you guys have announced; I guess, now two trans-Pacific frequency cuts, which will at least have partial benefit in fiscal 2014, and I think you said you get some benefit of the employee separation in the second half of the year. I guess, I am just trying to make sure I understand kind of what the pace of maybe core profitability growth or deterioration in the Express business in fiscal 2014, or as how you guys see it in fiscal 2014, just kind of given the guidance and some of the cost issues that you have mentioned, it feels like it's a little bit on the conservative side. Just curious your kind of thoughts there?
Dave Bronczek: Well, Alan said it. This is Dave Bronczek. Alan mentioned it before, our operating profits and margins are up in FY14, in part to all of the issues you mentioned and then all the other things we are working on in our five-point profit plan. Our U.S. domestic reshaping, the international profitability, our harvesting the international acquisitions we have made and so forth, so in Alan's guidance is an improvement at Express in both, profits and margins.
Alan Graf: I think as far as trends go, we are not any better than anybody else at predicting the volatility of fuel and it can have a major swing in an individual year at Express, so we are expecting that to be a headwind for Express in FY14. If it goes the other way, then it is conservative, but it could also be a bigger headwind than what we had in our plans, so that's really the one uncontrollable factor that we are facing, but the reduced capacity will obviously lower our exposure to that some.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me make a comment here to try to put some of this in perspective. Seven or eight years ago, the FedEx Express segment was competing in a marketplace that today is worth about $40 billion. Just the Express segment, a very high priority, door-to-door sector because of the build out of FedEx Trade Networks that Dave Bronczek mentioned to you, we are now competing in an air cargo market in its entirety that's somewhere around $98 billion. So, I think there is this implicit belief in the questioning that the growth of the economy sector for FedEx is a bad thing, and actual fact as you saw in the numbers, the economy traffic grew 11% in the quarter. The priority traffic grew 2%, so our issue was simply that we had too much of much of the priority capacity up and we needed to be more aggressive in the economy sector and that's what Dave has done. So, I think at the end of the day that these trends are not necessarily a bad thing. We just have to make sure as Dave mentioned, that we got the right traffic in the right network. It's very similar to the Ground and Express situation. If the item can go in the Ground system, the customer is probably going to choose that as very high ROIC, very high margin situation and we think over time the same will be true in the Express segment, and I think it's important that you look at it as a segment and not just the Express business, which is the majority of the Express segment but the broader base businesses increasing at a rapid rate, again, as Dave mentioned to you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Research.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: Thanks. Morning, guys. I hear that you are affirming the $1.6 billion profit improvement target, but also hearing that maybe some of the trade down issues are continuing or are worse than you thought, so I am wondering if there is anything within that $1.6 billion that is doing better than you thought to offset the trade down. Then just directionally, do you have views on when this trade down issue is going to stop or any signs of it getting better or worse?
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith, again. I obviously I didn't make my point. The Economy business is up 11%, the Priority business is down, Mike Glenn mentioned to me, 1%. That's not necessarily a bad thing and it doesn't necessarily mean that Express can't make more money on the Economy business, and implicit in your question was that assumption. And I think if you go down that road, you are making an erroneous assumption. So, it's very important that you recognize that. There is a tremendous amount of capacity in the international marketplace in these long range, twin-engine airplanes, particularly the 777. And if you are watching the Paris Air Show, there is going to be a lot more of it with A350 and the 777, 888 and 999. Our FTN capabilities allow us to participate now in both of those sectors. The priority sectors, where we can have a competitive advantage with our own equipment and the broader economy sectors. So, I had to jump in here, because it seemed to me like I didn't get my point across in my comments before.
Dave Bronczek: And, this is Dave, again. Let me add to what Fred said. On the cost side, we are actually doing very well. We actually are exceeding some of our own projections on the cost side. So Fred's point, on the international economy, the goal for us and the issue for us is to make that economy product grow more and make more money on it in the right network and that is absolutely what we are doing.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. From a strategic standpoint, you have to remember. We built the international aviation network expecting significantly higher growth in IP, and as we've mentioned to you several times now that has slowed. We still have an awful lot of IP and an awful lot of opportunity to continue to grow IP, but IE is going to grow faster for the foreseeable future and that's what we are talking about. And, as we adjust these networks, that's not a switch. These are complicated changes. I mean it sounds easy to take down one flight, it is not. There are all kinds of changes that go through the entire network when you do that as well it takes FTN a while to build up its capacity to do that, so we are doing that during 2014 and expect to really start seeing those benefits post 2014.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Great. Good morning. When you think about the guidance, Alan, are these that the mix of cost cutting, the 3,600 employees, was that larger than you expected to offset some of the trade downs in other areas or other buckets the same? Maybe can you kind of delve into how you are viewing the cost cutting program so far?
Fred Smith: Okay. Ken. Well, the voluntary buy-out was one piece and we had told you in October that we thought we would get $500 million or well over well over $600 million. We saw significantly higher tenured people take the package which is fine, but that also means we are going to get a lot higher returns on that. The cost trimming is beyond just that however. I mean, there's significant going on in Express, and I am going to turn it over to Dave to let him tell you what he has been doing there in terms of hours and station management et cetera. So, I feel very comfortable about the cost piece of what we laid out for you in October, and I am very confident we are going to beat it. The issue that we have had since October is the one we have been talking about is that less than expected IP growth and we got to adjust for that and we will.
Dave Bronczek: Yes. Just on a very high level. We are in good shape on U.S. productivity. The hours are coming down; we are consolidating facilities, the flight hours, the fuel burn, the network capacity. So, across the board it actually all adds up to improving our cost structure going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon Oglenski - Barclays: Yes. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. I want to follow-up on maybe some of the confusion with the trade down and even get back to Bill Greene's question on CapEx. Alan, you talk about high hurdle rates on your capital projects, but I guess with where you see the market going it sound like an asset light model is the better way to serve that international economy product. So I think part of the disconnect here might be that we continue to put, or it looks like we are continuing to put a lot of CapEx into the Express segment, so how do we balance what your target growth rate might be for the Express segment versus putting more assets into it relative to an asset light model going forward that's need for that economy package?
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me say one thing before Alan makes his comment. We are not buying any airplane capacity for growth. The airplanes that we are buying are for replacement. We are replacing the 727s, and as Alan mentioned and the last one flies Friday, with 757s, did tow the A310s, 767 start coming in September and those are very high ROIC activities with the existing volume. It's not growth at all and the 777s are replacing the MD-11s over the next 10 years and I think we have got 18 more of them on order over the 10 years, so there is no capital in airplanes. We are not putting capital in the business for growth. We are simply replacing the assets that we have.
Alan Graf: I certainly understand a concern, but we have a long-term objective as to retire all of our tri-motors. Fred said we found that twins are much more efficient, reliable and the numbers are very strong there. But, when you calculate it on ROIC, it certainly increases the denominator when you add a brand new airplane, you take out fully depreciated one. We understand that, so it's not a short-term ROIC decision, it's a longer term ROIC decision. I would also add that just please remember that we not only retired a bunch of airplanes at the end of last year and at the end of this year, we've also accelerated retirements of a bunch of other ones that we have, so our capacity isn't going up many and in fact it may come down?
Dave Bronczek: Yes. That's right. This is Dave, again. And in that $1.6 billion number that you all saw in October, one of the five points in the five-point profit improvement of course is the fleet modernization and it's worth hundreds of millions of dollars to the bottom line for profits. And, to Alan's last point, the 76 planes that we have accelerated the depreciation in the 287 engines and so far that's continuing push to modernize our fleet to become more profitable.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Art Hatfield with Raymond James.
Art Hatfield - Raymond James: Morning, everyone, and sorry to go back to the trade down issue, but as you look at that and as you manage through that, can you talk a little bit about if there are any costs and what the dollar benefits are as you take down one aircraft in services you talk about in July. And additionally as you go forward, is this kind of, whether or not this accelerates or what not, if you continue to see this trend developing, is there something that you could or would do from a more meaningful, say, restructuring standpoint similar to what you announced last fall and do something like that in the international business?
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. I think, the problem we have is trying to answer questions like you just asked us. We have given you the basic overall trends. The international air cargo business is not going to go away. It's a $98 billion business. We've given you a forecast of 7% to 13% of EPS guidance and you will just have to trust us to know how to manage the business, so it's getting down into that level of detail. It's just something we are not prepared to do.
Alan Graf: I would add from a strategic standpoint, the trade down is more forward-looking. We had flat IP growth year-over-year. The growth was all in IE. And frankly since October that surprised us a bit, and so we have to adjust for that, but we still have a strong IP business but the future growth, at least for the next couple of years is going to be much higher in IE than it's going to be in IP, so that's sort of the trade down. It's not that we are losing IP packages.
Mike Glenn: Art, this is Mike Glenn. I would just add that I think it's important to separate how we manage our network and the concept of growth. FedEx continues to pursue growth strategy although coming from different segments of the market. So, how we elect to move that in our network obviously we are going to look for the most efficient way to do that, but I think it's important not to confuse the two, how we manage the network and our efforts to grow the business are separate issues.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. If I could switch gears and talk about Ground, where you are just doing a tremendous job gaining share, my first question is related to the sustainability of this trend and I am wondering how far can you push the envelope before you see more significant competitive response. I guess, kind of more specifically, I am wondering about the pricing risk. Then kind of related to the pricing side, with shippers increasingly focused on containing their own cost, I am wondering to what extent are you seeing some resistance in rates? Thank you.
Mike Glenn: Tom, thanks for the question. Our strong results are a reflection of the structure and culture of our operations, the speed and reliability of our service and our yield management discipline. We have a sales force out there that does a terrific job getting every package in the right network and our customers are increasingly voting with their dollars.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie.
Kelly Dougherty - Macquarie Research: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Sorry to go back to the guidance, but just wanted to get a sense in terms of conservatism. Obviously, now fiscal 2013 was tougher than expected, so how much of this guidance is you guys setting the bar to a very achievable level and then kind of potentially seeing upside or how much really is due to what you are not quite sure about on the fuel side of things. Is there anything that you could do to maybe more quickly get to the higher end of the guidance?
Henry Maier: I promise you we don't play games like that. This is our best 50-50 shot. I will tell you that no CFO worth his or herself will give you the entire bell curve of potential outcomes, but this is our best shot on what we see today based on all the factors that we have talked about and we are certainly not trying to play any games here.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. Let me go back to the question regarding Ground opportunities. As Henry pointed out, we have a very unique value proposition that is delivering industry leading service levels and our sales team is doing a phenomenal job of positioning that in the context of the broader portfolio of services that we offer. I do think it's important to point out that we still have plenty of runway for growth in an overall market, where we only have, including SmartPost about 30% market share, so there is plenty runway there. On top of that, we do not have our fair share in the smaller customer segment in the Ground market, so there's plenty of opportunity there to grow the business at higher than average yield, so we are excited about the opportunities, we have a phenomenal service, the Ground has provided our sales and marketing team to sell and we think there are plenty of opportunity going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks. Good morning. Staying on Ground, could you elaborate a little bit on compare and contrast B2C margins and B2B margins? Then a very impressive margin in the quarter, any consideration for how high that can go and then sneaking one more in, an update on Delivery Manager, please? Thank you.
Alan Graf: Well, I would say that we have a revenue management committee. We look at every account that sales presents to us in terms of how it fits in our network and what it means to the business, so we have a very disciplined approach to determining an acquisition strategy in the marketplace. We at Ground are exceedingly disciplined around yield management. It's just part of our culture. I would say that we are extremely confident that we can continue this going forward.
Dave Bronczek: I think it's important when you talk about margins to understand the portfolio that we offer in the Ground network. We have a commercial portfolio, we have a home delivery portfolio and we have SmartPost. So, SmartPost plays a very important role in dealing with those residential delivery packages and that is a key element of our value proposition that allows us to ensure that we are delivering the right returns in the Ground segment. So, as Henry mentioned, we are very disciplined in terms of how we approach the customer and the value proposition that we have with that in mind. Turning to Delivery Manager, it's a major new offering for FedEx and it has the potential to change the expectations that recipients have in the Parcel Delivery segment and it is in the sweet spot of e-commerce. Since it was launched a few weeks ago, using Delivery Manager over a quarter of a million packages were delivered involving the input from the recipient, helping them get their package in their hands when they want it, where they want it. Our large e-commerce shippers are responding very favorably to the convenience, the visibility, the flexibility and the options that we offer through Delivery Manager and it's allowing us to provide an improved customer experience, while certainly having a benefit on our cost structure as well, so we are very excited about the rollout of Delivery Manager.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jack Atkins with Stephens.
Connor Hustava - Stephens: Yes. Hi, guys. This is actually Connor Hustava on for Jack today. We've seen a few announcements recently regarding growth in your distribution business. Can you maybe give us a sense for the scope of your current contract logistics and distribution product offering and maybe where think you would like to see that go in the future? Thanks.
Dave Bronczek: Hi. Thanks. This is Dave again. FTN is, I think, the group that you referring to and SupplyChain two of our components inside of FedEx Express, and both units are growing and both are profitable and they are a nice bundle to the business. We can go to bigger accounts, which we have been saying all along this morning and move the traffic into the right networks then depending on whether it's in the ocean with FTN in the SupplyChain in any region of the world. Quite frankly, we have SupplyChain set up, so we have seen growth and we've seen it profitably for us in both of those segments and we think that continues going forward.
Fred Smith: Yes. Just for those of you who are not aware of it, I mentioned this earlier. The FedEx SupplyChain and the FedEx Trade Networks operating companies are part of the Express segment as it's reported, but they are individual companies with their own CEOs that report back to Dave. And the reason we are organized that way is, because we have one worldwide global management team and it coordinates our customer activities much better than if we had them in a different segment. So, sometimes that's lost and that was one of the points I was making a little bit earlier. When you talk about Express, you got to look at the Express segment, because it has the very large Express business, but it also has and reported in that segment is FedEx Trade Networks and FedEx SupplyChain, and FedEx SupplyChain has some very terrific services that we rolled out in the last couple of years and it's really getting up ahead of steam. We are very excited about it.
Henry Maier: Yes. Going back to the point I made, they toggle back and forth and they contribute back and forth between Express and SupplyChain and FTN, and so really that's the point I am trying to make is they bundle it altogether for the betterment of the company, so that's where we are going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Schoonmaker with Morningstar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar: Thanks. Good morning. Are there aspects of the new USPS air-lift award other than rates that differ from the prior agreement? For example, what the slight increase to the full share does this new arrangement drive even greater utilization?
Fred Smith: Yes. I will comment on that. We are very pleased with our long-term relationship with USPS. Obviously, the service and the value we provided to them. We are the sole awardee to their entire air transport business and we are very pleased about that. Obviously, there is more business that they had in play than just what we had to begin with. So, going forward, I think, we have an opportunity to build on that relationship and build on the business that we have with them, and as Alan pointed out, it's a seven-year agreement now going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso with Credit Suisse.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: Thanks. So, Alan, I'm hoping you can just help us bridge the fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2014. You've mentioned some of the big pieces. You've got $200 million of help from pension, and pick a number maybe it's a 200 million help from the headcount reductions. You've got $70 million negative from accelerated depreciation. It sounds like fuel is a negative. I am interested to know how much you are allowing from a profit standpoint for the ongoing shift to lower yielding packages and if there is any other big pieces that are missing on the walk from 2013 to 2014.
Alan Graf: Appreciate the question. Earnings guidance is 7% to 13% of EPS of FY13 adjusted and that's all we are going to talk about.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Donald Broughton with Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners: Good morning, everyone. Since everyone wants to beat the trade down question to death, let's look at this from a different angle. I'm noticing something very interesting. Normally, when you see trade down, you see people take higher weight packages out of the system. First, because those are more expensive, you guys obviously charge per pound for Express, yet we have seen something very interesting happening. The weight per package has been going up where we are running at about 10.4 for the quarter. That's 18% higher than last year. If there's so much trade down, why are peoples increasing the size, the weight of their packages? What's happening there?
Henry Maier: Well, we have a lot of business that's in our numbers, Donald, in our acquisitions, so there is more weight per package and lot of our acquisitions around world and that maybe part of what you are seeing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon - Bernstein: All right. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe if you could just talk a little bit about the balance of B2B versus B2C growth in both, the Domestic Express segment and the Ground, excluding SmartPost part of the business?
Mike Glenn: Well, clearly e-commerce is a major driver of the parcel segment in the U.S. Although I would say that our growth that we have seen in the Express segment has been fairly well balanced. And as a result of a very targeted program, where our sales and marketing team have worked very closely with the Express team to ensure that we are getting the right kind of growth in the networks and we are very pleased with that, but there's no question that e-commerce is continuing to be a larger and larger driver with e-commerce sales now representing a little over 10% of total retail sales. And on top of that, our e-commerce sales have a slightly higher returns rate which also impact the business. So, there is no question that e-commerce is a driver, but having said that we have seen strong growth in all of our sectors in the Ground business and Home Delivery and we are quite pleased with that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Nesvold with Jefferies.
Peter Nesvold - Jefferies: I think this was asked earlier, but I don't think it was answered. You have made it very clear that you are more or less agnostic to IP versus IE, so long as the freight matches the network. But when you look at that mixed shift towards IE for the next several years, do you see that as something that's sort of semi-permanent? Is this similar to what happened 10 years ago with domestic air Express going to domestic ground parcel? Thank you.
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. Let me answer that question. I think that we do see that trend continuing very much like the United States, and the great news there is that as that IE continues to grow and we unleash more capacity that makes us money on those products like FTN, we actually can uncap what we have been capping, because it's been sitting in our planes kind of capped before, so that trend of increasing international economy can continue. I think Mike Glenn mentioned it before as a growth opportunity for us that actually makes more money for us.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. I've mentioned this on the call before about a year ago in May of 2012. I gave a speech at The Wings Club, which is an annual talk and it has been published in a little booklet and it's on our investor website, and I would urge you if you are interested in this to go read that speech, because it represents our view about the international cargo business. And, the reality is that the last several years I have seen a sea change in international trade and in international transportation. And it has been caused by, number one, the increased price of fuel. I mean, we are sitting around with low growth economies and the price of brent is still north of $100 a barrel and people forget that 10, 11 years ago, it was $0.60, $0.70 per gallon versus $3 and some odd cents per gallon now. That's had enormous effects on peoples' thoughts about transportation alternatives, and it does make people willing to trade-off rate for speed. Secondly, you have policy choices that have been made in China, in the United States and in Europe that have had big effects on the growth in world trade. As Mike Glenn mentioned, for the first time really in modern history, you have seen in the last couple of years worldwide GDP grow faster than worldwide trade. And, a few years ago, worldwide trade was growing 2, 2.5 times the growth of world GDP. Now that is still huge market as I mentioned. The world cargo, air cargo market is $98 billion market. The sea freight market is well north of a $100 billion, so these are very large markets. They are not going to go away, but these policy choices and fuel have had very big effects on these markets. So, our job as managers is to change our systems to meet those, and that's what we have been trying to describe to you we have done. I would say the one thing that we are a bit disappointed on, we probably should have moved a bit faster on some of our capacity, because we thought that the mix would be a little bit different than it ended up, but it's like Ground and Express. We are happy to get either one, and we just have to manage properly within those segment demands from the customers. By the way, I got a question on the Internet. Do you think that traditional aircraft product cycles are getting shorter? It seems that the high cost of fuel is shortening usual age of a new aircraft from 30 years to around 20 years. I think that the answer to that question is, yes. I mean, you are seeing that with a turnover of these narrow bodies into the new generation Airbus A320 neos and the 737 MAX, and your same Boeing come out with the 777 888 999 at a period which is much shorter against the 777-300ER than would have been the case in the past and it is driven just as you surmised by the cost of fuel. Now, what it means for us is, obviously we are re-fleeting as Alan mentioned, with these more efficient twin jet, because of the utilization that we have. I don't think that the twin jets are that we're talking about will be [obsoleted] by technology in any of the foreseeable future and the 767s, 757s are terrific for us. The good news is, and also part of the question is, yes. Indeed. We can use 767s in addition to the new ones, because they are essentially the same and a lot of the 767s are going to be coming out of the fleets as the 787s and A350s come into place and we do anticipate that we will acquire some used airplanes which will help the capital returns in the Express business.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I will turn the conference back over to Mickey Foster for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Before closing, I would like to mention we are changing the date of our next Investors and Lender's Meeting to late September or early October of 2014 here in Memphis. Our last two meetings were two years apart in 2010 and 2012 and this timing will allow us to continue on that schedule. We will update you on our progress through other communications, including these quarterly conference calls and other investor meetings. Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation's fourth quarter earnings release conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team, if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-03-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster Frederick W. Smith - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President of Market Development & Corporate Communications, Chief Executive Officer of Fedex Services and President of Fedex Services Alan B. Graf - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David J. Bronczek - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express and President of FedEx Express William J. Logue - Chief Executive Officer and President David F. Rebholz - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Ground Package System Inc and President of FedEx Ground Package System Inc
Analysts: Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Alexander Hahn Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kelly A. Dougherty - Macquarie Research Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Derek Rabe Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corp. Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corp. Please go ahead, sir.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corp.'s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I'd like to start by saying that we're planning an Investors and Lenders Meeting this fall in New York City. So please save the afternoon of Monday, October 28, for this event. We will have more details in the next few months. The third quarter earnings release and our statistical book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for about 1 year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to 1 question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. [Operator Instructions] Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corp. desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. In our earnings release, we include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we may discuss on this call. Please refer to the release available on our website for a further discussion of these measures and a reconciliation of them to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. To the extent we disclose any other non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and Rob Carter is on vacation this week with his family, so we have David Zanca, Senior Vice President of IT, here to answer your IT questions; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning, and welcome to our discussion of operating and financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2013. While FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight posted solid financial results, the third quarter was very challenging for FedEx Express due to continued weakness in international airfreight markets, pressure on yields due to industry overcapacity and customers selecting less expensive and a slower transit in international services. In response, as Dave Bronczek will tell you after Alan Graf's remarks, beginning April 1, FedEx Express will decrease capacity to and from Asia and will aggressively manage traffic flows to place lower-yielding traffic in lower-cost networks. We're assessing how these actions may allow FedEx Express to accelerate the retirement of more of its older, less efficient aircraft as part of our fleet modernization program done several years ago. We remain focused on our strategic cost-reduction programs, which are ramping up and on target. FedEx has a long successful history of flexing our networks to meet market conditions, and I'm confident the strategic profit improvement program we are implementing, as well as additional actions we are taking at FedEx Express, will increase margins, improve cash flows and strengthen our competitiveness over time. I'd like to congratulate FedEx team members around the globe for once again making FedEx 1 of the 10 most admired companies in the world according to a survey last month by Fortune Magazine. This honor and others our team has received reflect the outstanding reputation they've earned through their commitment to our Purple Promise, which says simply, "I will make every FedEx experience outstanding." Before I turn the microphone over to Mike Glenn for his comments on the economy, and then Alan Graf for financial perspective and as I mentioned, Dave Bronczek on the Express issues, I'd like to recognize and thank Dave Rebholz who is participating in his final earnings call as President and CEO of FedEx Ground. Dave is retiring on May 31 after 37 years of service to FedEx. He spent more than 30 years with FedEx Express, and during the last 7 years has been largely responsible for the incredible success and growth of FedEx Ground. Dave, on behalf of the entire FedEx team, thank you for your leadership, your friendship and your wise counsel as a member of our strategic management committee during these many years, and best wishes for your well-deserved retirement. Now Mike Glenn.
T. Michael Glenn: Thank you, Fred. On the economic front, our forecast calls for modest growth in the global economy. Historic revisions and incoming data since our last earnings call led us to adjust our GDP and industrial production numbers. Our U.S. GDP growth forecast is 2% in calendar '13 and 2.5% in calendar '14. For industrial production, we expect growth of 3% in calendar '13 and 3.5% in calendar '14. Housing and auto markets have shown improvement, e-commerce experienced mid-teen growth rates and we've seen some inventory restocking taking place in the near term. Our global GDP forecast calls for 2.3% growth in calendar '13 and 3% in calendar '14. The calendar '13 outlook certainly remains uncertain due mainly to policy issues in the U.S., Europe and China. Now turning to yield commentary. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express Domestic package yields increased 2.1%. The increase was primarily driven by rate and discount improvements, followed by increased weight per package. FedEx Ground yield increased 1.9%, excluding the impact of fuel, with the year-over-year increase driven by rate and discount improvements and an increase in extra services charges. Excluding the impact of fuel, International Express packages -- package yield declined 3% year-over-year due to changes in product mix, which were referenced earlier, rate and discount and weight changes. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, FedEx Freight yield per hundredweight increased 1.7% year-over-year, with the increase primarily driven by rate and discount changes. And now I'll turn it over to Alan Graf.
Alan B. Graf: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.23 excludes $46 million in costs for business realignment activities, primarily from the voluntary buyout program that we outlined in our profit improvement plan. As Fred noted, Ground and Freight continue to post steady results. However, our lower-than-expected results for the quarter and reduced full year earnings outlook were driven by third quarter international revenues at Express declining approximately $100 million versus our prior forecast, primarily due to accelerating customer preference for lower-yielding international services, lower rate per pound and weight per shipment. Profitability was also impacted this year by 1 fewer operating day at Express and Ground and 2 fewer days at Freight. Now let's take a look at the segment results for the quarter. Starting with Ground, Ground continued its solid performance with a 17% operating margin. Average daily volume at Ground increased 10% from growth in our Home Delivery service and increases in our commercial business. Meanwhile, SmartPost volumes grew 26% through growth in e-commerce. Operating income increased slightly, while operating margin was lower as the benefit of higher volume and revenue per package was mostly offset by higher purchase transportation, a favorable self-insurance adjustment in the prior year, higher network expansion costs, 1 fewer operating day as I mentioned earlier and intercompany charges of $9 million associated with the business realignment program. Onetime items, such as insurance benefit and the realignment costs, drove the majority of the difference in margin year-over-year. Freight continues to leverage the benefits of an integrated network. Freight's operating results improved with LTL yield growth and increased average daily LTL shipments, along with ongoing improvements in operational efficiencies. This is the first positive profit in the third quarter for Freight since 2008. Freight's profitability for the quarter improved despite 17% higher depreciation and amortization expense from continued investment in transportation equipment and technology. As a result of our higher utilization of rail and other fuel efficiency improvements, Freight's fuel costs were 5% lower year-over-year. Turning to Express. Our results for Express reflect a significant decline in profitability due to the ongoing shifts in demand to lower-yielding international services, a trend that has continued to accelerate this year versus our previous expectations. Results were also impacted by lower international yields as lower rate per pound, lower weight per shipment and lower fuel surcharges have all impacted yields for international. Given the persistence of this trend, additional cost-cutting actions are underway for the linehaul network, which represents a significant part of our cost to provide our international services. We are reducing our Trans-Pacific capacity on April 1. Flight hour reductions will lead to savings in fuel, crew and maintenance costs. We will align our global networks to better match yields with the appropriate cost to serve network, taking advantage of the increased capabilities at FedEx Trade Networks. Some of the actions we are evaluating may involve temporarily or permanently grounding older, less efficient aircraft, which could result in asset impairment or other charges in future periods. And Dave Bronczek will have more to say about this when I conclude my remarks. I'd like to now look at our profitability improvement programs and our outlook. In addition to taking actions to reduce our network costs at Express due to the recent trends, we are also continuing to implement our profit improvement plan for the corporation as discussed at our October Investors and Lenders Meeting. As part of our plan, in Q3, we began implementing our voluntary buyout for eligible U.S.-based employees. Certain officers and managing directors accepted the voluntary buyout as we adjust our leadership team to our new organizational structure. In mid-February, eligible U.S. employees were offered voluntary buyouts with a deadline of April 1 to accept. Employees that accept the buyout will be scheduled to vacate their positions in phases to ensure a smooth transition and maintain service levels to our customers. Employees in the first phase will leave on May 31, and we expect all employees who accept the buyout to vacate their positions by the end of FY '14. The pretax costs of the voluntary buyout program will be approximately $450 million to $550 million in FY '13. Actual costs will depend on employee acceptance rates. Costs of the voluntary program will be recognized when eligible employees who accept their offers, predominantly in Q4 of FY '13. Additional costs will be incurred beyond FY '13 primarily related to facility optimization and professional fees associated with our ongoing IT transformation projects. While the estimated range for the FY '13 cost of the voluntary buyout program is approximately $100 million lower than our previous forecast, we still expect the same savings from our business realignment activities. The estimated range is lower due to facility closures that we originally expected in late FY '13, which will now occur in FY '14. Also, significantly deferred hiring of open positions reduced our need to offer voluntary buyouts in some cases. Other ongoing profit improvement initiatives for Express include aircraft modernization, pickup and delivery productivity, aircraft maintenance processes, fuel consumption best practices and further facilities rationalization. In addition to continued profit improvements in the base businesses at Ground and Freight, our profit improvement programs are targeting annual profitability improvement at FedEx Express of $1.6 billion by the end of FY '16 from the full year FY '13 results. Looking ahead, based on the economic outlook that Mike discussed, we project diluted earnings per share of $1.90 to $2.10 for the fourth quarter and $6 to $6.20 for FY '13. Both of these ranges do not include charges related to the company's business realignment. All the profit improvement initiatives discussed are expected to increase margins, improve cash flows and increase our competitiveness. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave Bronczek, who will discuss Express in more detail.
David J. Bronczek: Thank you, Alan and Fred and Mike, and I'm going to talk about something they all talked about. And basically, to start off with, I wanted to say that at Express, the $1.6 billion that we gave you at the Investors and Lenders Meeting in October is well on-track. We told you that 75% of that benefit would accrue in FY '15. That's still the case and in fact, in some categories, we're exceeding even those estimates. I'd also wanted to stop and say that in our domestic business, we're performing actually very well. Our average daily volume this quarter was up 1%. Domestic yields that Mike Glenn pointed out was up 2.1%. Domestic U.S. freight was up 3%, and domestic U.S. yields in Freight was up 3%. So our business in the United States Domestic Express is performing very well. The international business and the international trends is what I'm going to talk about for the remaining of my time, and those trends have shifted. The marketplace have shifted this quarter. And to show you how much it shifted, the revenue this quarter in IP, International Priority, was down 4%. Revenue was down in International Priority Freight by 13%. Yields for international exports were down 3%, and overall IP freight yields were down 1%. So we have a yield issue that exaggerated itself this quarter over last quarter. The other issue that we're dealing with is actually something you would think was a good problem for us to have. Total international export volume was up 4%. That, however, was driven by a 12% growth in deferred international export traffic, mainly led out of Asia and Europe. So we had a lot of freight, a lot of freight on our planes, our high-load factors, quite frankly, were driven by the deferred traffic. So we had lower yields, we had more traffic, higher pounds, all in deferred traffic. So what Fred and Alan have said is we started in November actually to start moving our linehaul network down and tweaking some of our network around the world. We're big enough to move our network around, and I'm going to talk about that in a minute here, with actually -- without affecting service to our customers. So in November, we began the process. April 1, we're moving our Trans-Pacific linehaul capacity down because we have markets that have multiple aircraft in them. We're going to be forcing a higher-yielding revenue component into our planes while we're reducing our costs, moving some of that lower-yielding deferred international economy freight into lower-cost networks, primarily our FedEx Trade Networks network in our own deferred network and by doing so, we'll actually improve the overall yields into our network that is actually going to be reducing its costs and that's the beginning of our outlook for our international linehaul. That starts April 1. Beyond that, we're looking at the rest of our global linehaul that also has multiple airplanes in multiple markets that we can actually force the revenue yield and quality of the revenue into our existing network while reducing our costs. So as Alan and Fred both pointed out, we're going to take this opportunity off of the third quarter market shift to look at our fleets. And in fact, if we have some of our airplanes that are inefficient for fuel and maintenance and determine throughout the quarter if we have some airplanes that we can retire. Going back to the issue at hand, Q3's performance on international revenue driven by yields was the issue. We actually had more volume. So we're resetting the Express capacity. We're resetting the revenue forecasting. And going forward, we're actually going to take a very hard look at all of our expenses at international, but the main expense for international is our global linehaul. Q3 to Q4, Q4 is significantly improved over Q3. So in Alan's guidance and in his outlook, you'll have an Express Q4 performance that's significantly better than Q3.
Mickey Foster: Okay. We're ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Tom Wadewitz.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So a lot of things going on in international. I wondered if you could give a sense of why -- what you think is happening in the market, whether this is a shipper-driven effect in terms of the trade down and some of the weakness, and if you see that continuing and becoming more of an issue. Is it somewhat of a competitive issue where -- I think UPS had announced that they're doing -- starting to offer an, I guess, an IP freight-type of a product, where I don't think they've had that specific product in the past. And I think DHL's been aggressive. But how do you think about what's really driving the issues in international and how they might play out going forward if they get any better, or if it's just a challenge that persists?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, this is Fred Smith speaking, and let me make a comment or 2 and then Dave, put some color on it. I'd like to refer you back to a speech I gave in May. I mentioned this in the last quarterly call, I believe. It's on our investor website. And while I was the spokesman of the speech, obviously, it reflects FedEx's belief about the trends in international trade and international transportation. And I would urge you, if you're interested in this matter in-depth, to read that presentation because it lays out what has gone on in the international trading arena. And the reality is that the American consumer drove international trade for a long period of time and brought Europe back after World War II and helped bring China into the current fantastic economic powerhouse it is. But policy decisions and the cost of fuel have radically changed the international trading situation. So last year, you had a reduction of international airfreight in its broadest sense. Again, I refer you to The Wing's Club speech, of about 1.9% in terms of revenue freight kilometers as it's measured, and you had about 1.9% increase in C-freight measured by TEUs or 20-foot equivalent units. So trade has contracted relative to where it was before 2008, and the cost of fuel is such, along with the increasing cost in China, that these markets have been constrained. At the same time, you have a lot of capacity that's come into the market. So I think the bottom line is we got a little bit ahead of our skis, and we had more capacity out there into the heavier, more cost-sensitive airfreight market, and that's what Dave is doing is adjusting our capacity back so it's really focused more on the International Priority where our network is quite unique and has a competitive advantage. Dave?
David J. Bronczek: That's exactly right, Fred. I think you -- if you look at the market, you can see that it's overcapacity. And because of that overcapacity, people are looking for a market shift in their pricing. And the issue for us isn't that we don't have enough volume. We have too much volume in the wrong product in the wrong network. As I mentioned before, our overall growth in deferred was 12% and quite frankly, that's only because we had to cap it because our planes coming out of Asia were full, full of the wrong type of products. So we're moving the traffic into a lower-cost network. We're opening up our Express freighters for truly IP, International Priority, traffic and we're bringing down our cost of the capacity. So when you look at the marketplace, it's shifted right now. Until the marketplace corrects itself on the overcapacity, we're taking the lead for our business.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to get, I guess, a little bit more on this international side and try to figure out what's changing on the margin here. I mean, it makes a lot of sense to move to third-party linehaul in some of this business because of the margin differential. Is it the weakness because of overcapacity more in the air cargo market versus the parcel market that's actually taking place with all the wide-body deliveries that have happened and that are scheduled to happen? And then when you take a look at your fleet, should we expect, when you balance out deliveries and retirements on a go-forward basis, that we'll see a net decrease in FedEx's fleet capacity? And I guess the third part of that is, what does that imply for CapEx on a go-forward basis? So, I know a lot of pieces there, but trying to figure out if it's air cargo versus parcel, what the net impact is to FedEx's fleet and then how does that impact your capital plans on a go-forward basis?
Frederick W. Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. I'm going to turn it over to Dave about the fleet, and then he and Alan can talk about the go-forward CapEx. It is the air cargo market, and the air cargo market is, as I mentioned a moment ago, has been adversely affected by lower economic growth around the world caused by the policy choices that are now reflected in the European situation, relatively low growth in the United States and China situation. So the International Express business is still growing, the door-to-door part of the business. And these aren't new things. They just perhaps have accelerated a little bit because of this overcapacity situation. And over the last couple of years, Dave Bronczek has done a great job of readjusting our deliveries of capacity, pushing off 777s and bringing in the 767s which have an immediate accretive effect in the domestic system. So they're so much more fuel-efficient than the airplanes they were replacing. So I'll let him talk about that and then Alan on CapEx.
David J. Bronczek: Thanks, Fred. That's right, it's the airfreight market. Our IP parcel, we actually grew 2%, which is a good thing. The issue is that we've got this big lane imbalance between Asia and the United States, and it keeps driving itself farther and farther where you would actually have to put on more planes coming back from United States back to Asia. So our goal is to take advantage of our network that's a global network where we have multiple airplanes in some markets, pull them out, force the traffic that's truly IP into our planes, move into the lower-cost network, some of these lower-yielding packages, more lane balance than the network around the world, and we have a lot of opportunities beyond just Asia to the United States. We're looking at Asia to Europe and back and so forth. So when you look at the marketplace, we have a lot of growth in it. It's shifted to deferred because you have overcapacity in the airfreight market. In terms of airplanes, yes, we're looking at ways to -- because of the pull down in the international market there, look at ways to replace or retire, I should say, older, more inefficient -- fuel inefficient maintenance planes sooner.
Alan B. Graf: Justin, this is Alan. 2 points. One, we're already seeing the benefit of flying fewer pounds at higher yields in the fourth quarter guidance that I gave you. That'll continue into '14. So as Dave said, Express' performance in Q4 year-over-year will be a whole lot better than it was in Q3. And there's been a lot of cost cuts that are already been done ahead of schedule. Secondarily, from a CapEx standpoint, recall that Express' aircraft capital expenditures over the next 2 or 3 years are largely replacement. And if anything, we're going to accelerate that because we will be -- if we decide to make some elections to retire airplanes, they'll be the older airplanes that have significantly higher fuel burn, more maintenance, et cetera. So those capital investments we still want to make because they still have a high ROIC. We're not taking but a couple of 777s over the next several years. Most of those have been shoved way back. So whatever we come up with here will be the size of the feet we're going to fly internationally for at least 2 or 3 years.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nate Brochmann with William Blair.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit -- kind of shifting gears a little bit just away from the Asia/U.S. kind of lane. But over in Europe, obviously with the big merger that kind of fell through with some of your competitors, how are you thinking about your opportunities there? I mean, what are some of the current trends, and what are your kind of investment outlooks there to kind of take advantage of that growing region?
David J. Bronczek: Well, I -- let me -- this is Dave Bronczek again. Our European organic strategy we put in place about 18 months ago has been performing exceptionally well. We've opened 70 stations in Europe. By the end of this fiscal year, it'll be 87, and that's over a 2-year period of time. The service is great. Volumes are growing. As I mentioned before, Asia and Europe actually led the way for international export, but also in Europe. So we're actually very comfortable with our position in Europe right now. The markets are tough, but we're in a very good position there. Obviously, we don't talk about acquisition opportunities now and we -- for a lot of good reasons, as Fred always talks about. So I just wanted to point out, our European team is doing a great job; very happy with their results.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Ross with Stifel, Nicolaus.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A lot has been talked about Express. I want to shift over to FedEx Freight for a bit. It was barely profitably in the quarter. So I was wondering, does price need to go up there? Or is density still weak and more terminals need to be closed because the gaps is not being closed with the competition, and the competition's all operating a lot better than FedEx Freight, still a mile away from its former industry-leading operation ratio?
William J. Logue: David, this is Bill Logue. Again, as Alan said, our quarter 3 was our strongest quarter 3 in 5 years, so we're almost profitable in the quarter. The challenging issues that we have in this quarter, obviously, is December, January, February. And the -- we've seen a significant impact from 2 less operating days this year. That had a big impact on our numbers. So again, our overall Q3 from our perspective, again, we saw volume up, we saw yield up and we saw weight up. And so from that perspective, it was a good quarter. We took on some charges from the buyouts and, as Alan mentioned, increased depreciation. So I think from that perspective, our business had a healthy Q3. And if you look forward, we saw productivity in the quarter being very strong as well. So again, our shipments per FTE were up 2%. So from our perspective, we had a good quarter and as we move now into Q4. So Q3, best in 5 years for us, so that was good progress.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Hartford with Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Could you provide some perspective on -- obviously, you're taking airfreight capacity out of the Asian market, both inbound and outbound. But trends, I guess, into March and the pace of factory activity coming back up online following lunar New Year, we've been hearing some mixed data points as it pertains to that and the trajectory of March airfreight out of Asia at the moment. Could you provide some perspective on that front?
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. We don't provide monthly forecast and projections regarding the business, but I would say that the trends have been stable. We expect those to continue in terms of the shift in the mix of the business. So we don't anticipate any significant changes in the mix of traffic going forward. I think the key for us, as Dave has mentioned several times, is the adjustments we're making to the network that allows us to leverage the global network that we have to improve the profitability in our international segment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Dave Rebholz, before we have you head on off for your retirement, I was wondering if I could ask you to just comment a little bit on your thoughts about growth in volumes. Alan read sort of a number of items that affected the margins this quarter, but it is the second quarter we've seen incremental volume growth with margins that didn't go up. So I realize that maybe if we adjust for these things, margins might have been flattish. But I think it's safe to assume that at these kind of margin levels, it's tough to see the margins go up materially from here. So do you think the time has come to sort of slow the volume growth a bit and focus a bit more on yields to sort of get the profit growth instead of just growing the share? How do you think about balancing those 2?
David F. Rebholz: Well, all right. So you understand that the predominant factor was the year-over-year issue of the favorable self-insurance. That is just simply a fact. We continue to grow not only in the second and third quarter, we picked up growth in the fourth quarter. We're very confident and happy about that. I think fundamentally that while margins are unpredictable relative to weather and different issues that affect us, the timing of issues, the fact of the matter is, is that we have a better mousetrap. Our service is absolutely supreme, and customers are coming and talking to us. I think if you talk to my compadre, Mike Glenn, and the person who is going to replace me, who I have incredibly great faith in, Henry Maier, who I hired in the first year that I went up to Ground, for the purpose of replacing me and building the organization and changing it, I don't see any end in sight. Now having said that, all of these issues come down to the fact that we have invested a lot of money. We've done it efficiently and effectively to make sure that our service proposition is greater than the competition. Put that another way, when there are too many people that want to get in the door, you've got to raise your yields. Having said that, we will look at every customer on an individual basis and determine the value proposition that we each share and essentially improve our margins. Putting that aside, I see no risk in the Ground proposition value today. I think we are on the right track. We're moving in the right direction. So I would ask Mike to comment on the yield, but as a matter of fact, I think we're in a very good sweet spot.
T. Michael Glenn: Bill, I appreciate your comment, but I do want to remind you that Ground had 10% growth in the quarter and our yields, excluding the impact of fuel, grew almost 2%. So I think that's very consistent with our strategy to work with our operating companies to find the right balance between volume growth and yield improvement to maximize the profitability. And I would encourage you to look at the long-term trends that we've been able to produce here. And we're very confident in our ability to position the outstanding value proposition we have in the market place, and our sales team is doing a great job at that.
Alan B. Graf: So Bill, this is Alan. Just to answer your question, this company is about driving cash flows, and we are perfectly happy with continuing to grow the top line while we maintain 17% or 18% margins at Ground and have a 27.5% after-tax ROIC.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Alexander Hahn: This is Alex Hahn in for Chris. I just had a question about incremental capacity and investment in Ground. Where do you think that's going? And do you think the network now is in a position to leverage future volume growth?
David F. Rebholz: Well, Alex, the good news about our problem is we constantly have to balance this. The growth in the demand at the right price point, we will invest whatever is appropriate to take on new business. However, we are well-suited moving forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question Jeff Kauffman with Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have one question for Dave and one question for Bill. On the international side, it sounds to me like what you're saying is the issue isn't growth; the issue is the wrong assets in the wrong place for the type of business you're seeing. Is that the way to think about it? That's really the whole point of this realignment?
David J. Bronczek: Yes, we have the wrong -- we had high growth in deferred, which is good. As long as we put it in the right network, that makes us more money. And we open up our network that actually is there for the higher-yielding packages, and right now it's being overrun almost by the deferred traffic. So we're moving that traffic off of our Express freighters onto a more -- a lower-cost network, our FTN network, and some of our own deferred flights and opening up the orange network, our priority network at Express for the higher-yielding traffic. So when we do that, we actually force the capacity to go down and force the revenue quality to go up.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So a question on the Express side. So the mix shifts seem worse than you were thinking, and you're trying to offset that with more capacity reductions than, I guess, you were initially thinking. Net-net, how should that impact the $1.6 billion of profit improvement over the next few years? And is there a point where if the mix shift continues to accelerate more than you thought where it's just impossible to offset with capacity? And then maybe just separately on the domestic side, first quarter volume growth in Domestic Express in a couple of years, do you think something's changing there and that's sustainable? Or it's just kind of just a one-off quarter on easy comps?
David J. Bronczek: Well, I'll answer both questions. On the $1.6 billion that I gave you in October, off of our FY '13 base, that's all still in place. On the international side, I think I gave you $350 million in that $1.6 billion was on the international piece, that's still in place. We have probably more opportunity to try and beat that, quite frankly, with the way we're looking at our network going forward. In the United States, we're performing very well. The volumes, the yields, we're working with Mike Glenn and his sales team, there's also a component in that $1.6 billion in our U.S. transformation, and that's on plan. And quite frankly, our team's doing a great job there. So we just are adjusting our network right now, and we are big enough to do that and become more profitable there.
Frederick W. Smith: Yes, this is Fred Smith speaking. We've made this point a couple of times on these calls and at the Investor Day back in October. The Express market is going to be around forever. I mean, the growth in Ground is outstanding, and it's a much bigger market in terms of units. But the types of things that go into the Express network, things that require time-certain, long-distance delivery, are going to continue to be a requirement for shippers. It's just the ratio of the Express shipments to the Ground shipments. And I think what you saw in this quarter was sort of a stabilization of the Express-Ground ratio. There's certainly e-commerce driving a lot of traffic for Ground, and some proportion of the e-commerce requires Express delivery, so that's really what you're seeing.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just to follow up on that, Bill, if you look at the profit improvement plan, and you're already talking about cutting more aircraft a quarter after a multi-year kind of program was set, does that mean you'd -- when you look back, you didn't go far enough in terms of adjusting the network? I just want to understand how you think about how you need to reshape that domestic network as you're just about to enter the real part of the SG&A savings and network realignment.
David J. Bronczek: Well, let me be clear. It's really the global network that we're talking about here. We have an opportunity, and I've challenged my team to -- we have some older planes, 727s and some trimotors, that if we could retire them earlier after what I told you before, would be better. But it's really across the world, and it's on a global basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays Capital.
Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering, can we talk a little bit about your international domestic operations as well? It looks like -- obviously, you've had a lot of acquisitions there and the comps are impacted by those. But when I look at your purchase transportation at the Express segment, it looks to be growing in-line or maybe even a little bit above the revenue growth in international domestic. Is there any correlation there? And can you talk to the opportunities in those new networks and where the profit targets might be in the future?
David J. Bronczek: Yes, on that purchase transportation line, it looks like it's growing 30%. It's actually in the base growing 2%, only 2%. It's acquisitions and FTN, which is a good thing. Our domestic acquisitions are perfect for our company, and we will start harvesting the returns and the profit opportunities in the very near future going forward. But on the purchase transportation, that 30% growth is in the base, only 2%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Kim - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: There's obviously been a lot of focus on Asia and Europe, and I was wondering if you could just take some time to elaborate and remind us about the FedEx opportunities, particularly with LatAm given the tremendous airfreight growth we continue to see out of those markets and then perhaps to a certain extent, Middle East?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, Dave can talk about this more in greater detail, but Latin American market is, in fact, growing. We have a great position there, great management team. We made an acquisition in Mexico. We made an acquisition in Brazil. So we're very optimistic about the prospects for Latin America, and we have a good position there. A lot of the airfreight market, the traditional airfreight market in Latin America are perishables, and we have a position in that market to some degree. But as the acquisitions become integrated and turn from an expense to a positive, as Dave told you, we're very optimistic about our Latin American results. Dave -- Dave's got a better focus perhaps on the Middle East, and he can give you some comments on that.
David J. Bronczek: I will, Fred. Thank you. I'll talk about Latin America for a minute, though. Juan Cento's our Head of Latin America. He's a fantastic executive. We acquired 2 terrific companies, one in Mexico, one in Brazil; same cultural fit, same great service, same great market presence, same great customer base. And we're going to see terrific returns when we harvest the profitability there. We had to go through the obvious branding, the IT integration, but we're well on our way there. So you're going to see more very good performance out of Latin America. In the Middle East, of course, in the Middle East, they're performing well. We have another acquisition in India that we lump into our Middle East region. It's actually improving. And some of the linehaul adjustments across the world actually affect India and the Middle East in a positive way.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kelly Dougherty with Macquarie.
Kelly A. Dougherty - Macquarie Research: You mentioned being more a return on invested capital focus at Ground. But does that make you -- does that mean then that the 17% to 18% margin level is where things stay as the mix of B2C increases? Or are there some other levels -- levers that you can pull to move those margins higher in Ground, and maybe where do you think they go from here?
David F. Rebholz: Well, there are plenty of levers. I think the capital investment is in exactly the right spot. If you look at our past, it has been consistent, and we've been able to provide a good return as evidenced by our ROIC, as Alan said earlier. There's nothing that is at risk. We are very judicious on how and where we spend money. And we're very judicious about, as I said earlier, the right return from customers that come in the door. So we will spend money when we can make money, end of story.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Schneeberger with Oppenheimer.
Scott A. Schneeberger - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: A three-part question in Ground. Part number one, could you just recap and assess the holiday season now that we're all the way through and just the positives and negatives that you saw there in the Ground category? Number two, the yield was a little bit lower than anticipated throughout Ground, and just how impactful were higher postal rates in SmartPost? Just how should we think about that going forward? It was kind of addressed earlier, but if you can touch on that. And then lastly, weather impact in the quarter in Ground.
David F. Rebholz: All right. This is Dave. Let's take the weather last. Every year has its own experiences with weather. And clearly, this past year there were some unique circumstances but frankly, we were able to perform effectively. And as evidenced by our contractor remodel, our contractors rose to the occasion. So from a service standpoint, it was great. From a cost standpoint, in any kind of weather situation, no matter what organization you're talking about in transportation, you have a lagging effect. So you might get hit for a week of bad weather. You'll get some recovery as people rebound. So put that aside, that is just simply a nominal issue. In terms of -- so you had a 3-part question, I want to make sure I answer them correctly. So go back to your first question because I want to make sure I have -- all right. The holidays. All right. So what happened in the holiday? The holiday was a great season for us. All of our large customers had exceptional demand. There was clearly demand from the online world that probably had not been experienced historically. That was good for them, and that was good for us. We recovered. We handled the business. We handled at a high level of service. Understand that when demands are high, we're going to spend some extra money to make sure that the customers who do business with us all year long are satisfied with our performance during the 2 weeks. So I think that the retail sector is very healthy. There are some changing dimensions. We are prepared to handle it with our 3 bottom line product portfolios: ground to commercial, ground to home and our SmartPost product portfolio. In terms of SmartPost, the only thing that we were surprised by was the relative rate increase from the Postal Service. We are well positioned to handle those rate increases, and our customers value the product portfolio and we're very well positioned to handle additional growth in that network. And I think our partnership, as their largest customer, puts us in a position to continue to grow.
Alan B. Graf: And Scott, this is Alan. Let me just clarify one thing. You said that the Ground yields were less than anticipated. That's your words. They came in almost exactly where we thought they would be. And a little bit of the margin issue year-over-year is that we had a higher peaking factor in Ground this year, and that's what Dave was referring to, that the higher the peaking factor, the more temporaries and the less productivity that you get when you get to those higher peaking factors. So some of that extra peaking traffic did not carry the same margins in this year's peak as in last year's peak.
T. Michael Glenn: Scott, let me just make one comment about -- as we -- as part of our revenue management process, when we bring on a large customer, especially in the e-commerce segment, we do a lot of work with the operating company to look at not only the impact of the volume and yield in nonpeak season, but how the traffic peaks during peaking season and how it's going to affect the overall profitability of the opportunity. So we do a lot of extensive work to work closely with Ground to make sure that we have a clear understanding of the impact of e-commerce and peaking as it relates to our margin. So a lot of effort there, and I think the Ground company did a phenomenal job in providing outstanding service during peak season.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Rabe with Raymond James.
Derek Rabe: This Derek Rabe on for Art Hatfield. You were granted licenses to operate a Domestic Express network in 8 cities in China back in September. Can you just talk about customer response to this shift so far and any growth opportunities or speed bumps you have encountered or see going forward? And then also, are there any progress updates toward countrywide access there?
Frederick W. Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking, and I'm going to have Dave talk about it in greater detail. We have a very large domestic business in China. I don't know how this kind of has been obscured over the years. We actually serve 400 cities in China, and we got that domestic network by acquiring our joint venture partner some years ago. And the Chinese government passed a different law that requires you to be relicensed under a different part of the China government. So they issued these licenses, and they've assured us that our domestic operation over time will be relicensed, if you will. But in the interim, that domestic business continues to operate and grow, and we're very excited about it because of its unique capabilities. And it's one of those areas that could be lumped into the category that Dave was talking about that will start producing profits in the years to come after having built this network. Dave, you want to add anything on that?
David J. Bronczek: Well, Fred, you said it exactly right, and we have worked with the Chinese government. It's business as usual for us. We do serve 400 cities there in China. We are making great strides there, and we've been in China for a lot of years. So our international business is very big there. Our domestic business is growing there. And we think that in the very near future, this will be very accretive for us, that domestic business in China.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I know we talked a lot about Express, and you talked about managing the traffic flows to place low-yielding traffic in low-cost networks. As I think about the growth in your FedEx Trade Networks, does this mean we could see an even greater focus on the ocean? And would you be looking maybe to drive some of that lower-yielding traffic maybe to water?
David J. Bronczek: Yes, we've had terrific growth in our FedEx Trade Networks organization, and they've done a fabulous job over the last 3 years, almost tripling or quadrupling their growth. That will continue. The customers have a great -- they can track and trace the same, they can use the same sales organization. So the opportunities for us to grow our FTN, our Trade Networks organization, continues to be very big because we started off in a modest organization a couple of years ago. And I think that this opportunity now that presents itself will let customers see how good our service opportunities are at Trade Networks.
T. Michael Glenn: Yes, let me just add that -- I want to make sure we're clear here. The changes that we're talking about in our network are not designed to take traffic out of our airplanes and put it on the ocean. The market will drive the trends in terms of the mix between airfreight and ocean traffic. And we are looking to make sure that we have the right product in the right network to maximize profitability. But as Fred noted earlier, we do see growth in the overall market in the ocean side and some pressure on the air side. But that's a different issue than what we're talking about here in terms of rightsizing the network.
Operator: This does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mickey Foster for closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corp. Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Please remember to save Monday afternoon, October 28, for our Investors and Lenders Meeting in New York City. And feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-12-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster Frederick W. Smith - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President of Market Development & Corporate Communications, Chief Executive Officer of Fedex Services and President of Fedex Services Alan B. Graf - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David J. Bronczek - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express and President of FedEx Express William J. Logue - Chief Executive Officer and President Christine P. Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary David F. Rebholz - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Ground Package System Inc and President of FedEx Ground Package System Inc
Analysts: Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Salvatore Vitale - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Elliott Waller - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Patrick C. Geekie - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's second quarter earnings conference call. The second quarter earnings release and our Stat Book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for approximately 1 year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. [Operator Instructions] Preference will be given to inquiries of a long-term strategic nature. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Such statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. In our earnings release, we include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we may discuss on this call. Please refer to the release available on our website for further discussion of these measures and a reconciliation of them to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. To the extent we disclose any other non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning, and welcome to our conference call to discuss operating and financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2013. We're very pleased with the operating results at FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight, which continue to show improvement. At FedEx Express, persistent weakness in the global economy and increasing demand for lower-yielding international services limited profits during the quarter. Superstorm Sandy affected overall earnings as well. At the October investors and lenders meeting, we showed you plans to improve annual profitability by $1.7 billion during the next 3 years with a significant portion of the benefits achieved by fiscal year 2015. I'm very confident we're on our way to achieving this ambitious goal. We're hard at work currently on another record-setting holiday shipping season driven by the increasing popularity of e-commerce. On Monday, December 17, team members moved about 19.8 million shipments through our various systems around the world, a daily record. For the overall holiday, we believe volumes in our worldwide networks will increase by more than 13% compared to last year. I'd like to say thank you to all our team members, especially those in the areas affected by Sandy, for their hard work and dedication during this peak season. Before I turn the call over to Mike Glenn for his views on the economy and Alan Graf for his analysis of the quarter, I'd like to do 2 things. First, I'd like to thank Bill Margaritis, our Corporate Vice President of Communications, who will be departing FedEx on December 31 after 16 years of service. Bill, we appreciate everything you've done for us during your time here and look forward to seeing you often in the future. Second, I'd like to congratulate FedEx Express for being recognized by the Great Place to Work Institute as among the world’s top 10 best multinational workplaces for the second year in a row. The ranking is the world's largest annual study of workplace excellence and identifies the top 25 best multinationals in terms of workplace culture. Now let me turn it over to Mike Glenn.
T. Michael Glenn: Thank you, Fred. I'm going to make a few brief comments regarding the economy, then give a summary of our yield results and then finally, a couple of comments on peak season. We continue to see modest growth in the global economy with our forecast for U.S. GDP calling for 1.9% growth in calendar year '13. For industrial production, we expect a growth rate of 2.4% in calendar year '13. This is slightly lower than our prior forecast, primarily reflecting a lower entry point in FY '13 due to Hurricane Sandy. Our global GDP forecast is 2.5% in calendar year '13. And finally, I just want to emphasize that the calendar year '13 outlook could swing either direction depending upon policy outcomes, especially with the fiscal cliff issues in the U.S. and certainly issues in Europe. Turning to yield. In the domestic Express sector, excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express yields increased 2.5%, which was primarily driven by pricing and rate -- rating and discount improvements. In the Ground segment, again, excluding the impact of fuel, our yields increased 2.9%. The year-over-year increase was driven by list and discount improvements followed by an increase in extra services charges. Excluding fuel, in the international export Express segment, package yields declined 3.8% year-over-year due to a change in product mix, rate and discounts and weight changes as well as the impact of exchange rate. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per hundredweight increased 1.9% year-over-year, which was primarily driven by pricing rate changes. And as noted in our recently released peak day volume forecast, FedEx expected to handle more than 19 million packages on Monday, December 10. FedEx, not only exceeded our forecast on the 10th, but we also handled more than 19 million packages on Monday, November 26, which was Cyber Monday, and Monday, December 17. The heavy volume was driven primarily by e-commerce sales, which consist of lighter weight, lower-yielding residential delivery packages; and our team, both at Express and Ground, worked very closely with our largest e-commerce and multichannel retail customers to deliver outstanding service during this peak season. And with that, I'll turn it over to Alan.
Alan B. Graf: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter earnings of $1.39 per share, which includes an $0.11 per share hit from Superstorm Sandy, reflects the strength of FedEx Ground and SmartPost, continuing improvement at FedEx Freight and the current trends at FedEx Express. As we said in October at our investors and lenders meeting, we are committed to delivering improved profitability and shareholder returns, and in addition to a review of the quarter and outlook for the second half of fiscal year '13, I will comment on our progress toward delivering on our profit improvement plans. So let's first review segment results for the quarter, and we'll start with Ground. Ground's strong revenue growth from e-commerce and market share gains continues to expand our network and increase our capabilities. New volume milestones were reached for the second quarter as SmartPost moved over 2 million packages per day and Ground delivered over 4 million packages per day. On Cyber Monday, November 26, Ground moved 8.7 million packages and SmartPost 6.1 million packages. Ground's operating income increased 4% to $412 million in the quarter, primarily due to 8% higher volume together with yield growth, partially offset by network expansion costs. Operating margin did decrease in the quarter primarily due to lower fuel surcharge revenue and higher purchase transportation costs related to increased fuel expense. Operating income at Ground was also negatively impacted by Sandy. At Freight, we are continuing to benefit from the leverage gained by integrating our networks and differentiating our service by offering priority and economy choices for our customers, plus increasing our use of rail. Freight's operating income for the quarter improved significantly, up $36 million from a year ago to $76 million as a result of LTL yield growth and increased average daily LTL shipments, along with ongoing improvements and operational efficiencies in our integrated network. Freight's results were also negatively impacted by Sandy. Turning to Express. Continuing weakness in global markets and customers choosing slower, lower-yielding services are ongoing trends as we continue to adjust our network. Operating income and operating margin decreased in the quarter due to the demand shift toward lower-yielding international services, a negative impact of year-over-year net fuel changes, increased depreciation expense, the impact of Sandy and higher pension costs. These were partially offset by favorable impact of cost containment actions, which Dave Bronczek will talk to you about in detail. Operating income and margins were also negatively impacted by ongoing investments in integrating recent acquisitions into the Express network. Fuel had a negative impact on operating income in Q2 based on a static analysis of the net impact of year-over-year changes in fuel prices compared to year-over-year changes in fuel surcharges. Fuel costs increased 3% during the quarter through an increase in the average price per gallon of fuel. Meanwhile, the weighted average U.S. fuel surcharge for the quarter decreased 1.7 percentage points versus last year. In October, we announced programs targeting annual profitability improvement of $1.7 billion during the next 3 years with a significant portion of the benefits to be achieved by the end of FY '15. The majority of the profitability improvement will come from initiatives at Express and services and include cost reductions in selling, general and administrative functions through headcount reductions, streamlining of processes and elimination of less essential work. Also, modernization of our aircraft fleet, transformation of the U.S. domestic operations and international profit improvements in Express and also improved efficiencies and lower cost of information technology at Services. Our overall profit improvement plan includes offering voluntary cash buyouts to eligible U.S.-based employees beginning in February of 2013. Cost of the benefits provided under the voluntary programs will be recognized in the period that eligible employees accept their offers, which will be predominantly in Q4 of this fiscal year. We expect the pretax cost of the voluntary buyout program to range from $550 million to $650 million, but actual costs will depend on employee acceptance rates. Eligible employees will vacate positions in 3 phases to ensure a smooth transition. Employees in the first phase will vacate their positions on May 31, 2013. These programs, combined with continued profit improvements in Ground and Freight, are expected to increase margins, improve cash flows and increase our competitiveness. The ultimate cost and savings from our profit improvement initiatives will depend upon other things on a number of employees that participate in the voluntary cash buyout program and the timing and execution of these programs. We expect to begin realizing the benefits of these programs in FY '14 and anticipate these savings will be substantially realized by the end of fiscal 2015. Our capital expenditures for the corporation are expected to be approximately $3.9 billion in 2013 and include spending for aircraft and related equipment at Express, facility projects at Express and Ground and vehicle replacement at all our transportation segments. In December, Express entered into an agreement with Boeing to purchase 4 incremental 767 freighters to be delivered in 2015. As part of that agreement, Express is also deferring the delivery of 2 firm 777 freighter orders for 1 year from 2015 to 2016. Turning now to the outlook. And based on the economic outlook for the year, as Mike described, we are expecting diluted earnings per share of $1.25 to $1.45 for the third quarter. We reaffirm our guidance of $6.20 to $6.60 per diluted share for the year, which does not include charges related to our voluntary cash buyout program. Our outlook also assumes that the U.S. does not go off the fiscal cliff and into a recession. For the second half of fiscal '13, we are assuming a slightly higher effective tax rate of approximately 37%. Finally, for those of you who haven't finished your holiday shopping, there are a few days left to ship your presents in time for Christmas, and our 300,000 teammates around the world are ready and anxious to deliver reliable service for you just in time for Christmas. And with that, we will now open the floor for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Let's see. I wanted to ask a bit, Alan, about the -- you had quite a bit of helpful commentary following up in the October meeting, kind of reviewing some of the drivers on the broader improvement program. If you're taking this charge in fourth quarter, it would imply that you have significant run of the headcount that would be out in fiscal '14. Is that primarily related to the SG&A cost savings, the I think $500 million total that you had identified? And how would we think about that? Is it reasonable to think that you could realize a fair bit of that cost savings given the timing of your buyout program?
Alan B. Graf: Tom, thanks for the question. At the investors and lenders meeting, we had thought that the buyout would be as people departed. We have since done a lot of further accounting research and have determined that we will take the charges upon the signing of the execution of the voluntary buyouts no matter when people depart. So that's why we will expect most of the charges to occur in 2013. We are working very hard on our reorganization plans. We think we know within pretty a good tolerance range of how many people are going to accept it and where they will be and how we will address that. But until we actually get through February, it's going to be very difficult for me to quantify how much in fiscal '14 that we will be able to put to the bottom line as we determine how long we'll have to retain people to ensure the smooth transition. It will be significant, but I would look for most of the benefits from the voluntary buyout to be realized in fiscal '15. And I will say the same thing for the profit improvement program at Express. We've already started it there. Dave will talk about it. In fact, I'll just turn it over to him and let him talk about it as part of this. We've already started that. We've saved a lot of money already, and we're well on our road. I would just say to sum up, we are very confident about reaching the $1.7 billion profit improvement program by fiscal '16. And I think as the deeper we get into this, the more confident that we are. And let me have Dave talk a little bit about the profit improvement.
David J. Bronczek: Yes. Thanks, Alan, and that's correct. We're very optimistic that the 5-point plan that we presented is going exceptionally well. SG&A, as Alan pointed out, a big part of it is at Express. This quarter, I should go back to, and I'll talk about expenses in a minute here, significantly was affected this quarter, our profits and our margins by Superstorm Sandy was a big part of the $0.11 was at Express. Another big part of it significantly was at fuel that Alan pointed out, although it seemed like it would be a positive, it was a negative significantly. Pension, and then the fourth point that you may not pick up, it's in -- our purchase transportation is our new acquisitions sits in that purchase transportation number. It's a big negative number. That's the short term, obviously, until we get these new acquisitions rolling. So you have those significant headwinds in our profits and our margins this quarter. Going forward, we're very optimistic that those margins and profits improve. But on the expense side, even in this quarter, our FTEs were down 1,736, over 2%. Our fuel usage was down, thanks to our great programs we've put into air operations, aircraft maintenance was down even though our pounds were up. So our pounds were up across the world, a lot of them being international economy, which I'll talk about a little bit later, because it's a new network design that we're putting in for that lower-yielding international traffic to be in a much more cost-effective network going forward. That's part of our 5-point plan. So we're feeling very good about our 5-point plan. We actually had a quarter that would have significantly looked better had those 4 initiatives not hit all at one time. So going forward, we're very optimistic.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Robert H. Salmon - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's Rob on for Justin. I guess, Dave, as a follow-up to your comments related to the various cost initiatives at Express, you guys had called out, I think, roughly $350 million at the Investor Day, which you weren't including in that $1.7 billion of cost initiatives that you were targeting for fiscal '13. Can you give us a sense how much of that actually showed up in the earnings this quarter just given the headwinds from Sandy? Earnings were a bit better, so I'm just trying to get a sense of how much of those cost initiatives are now kind of showing up in the bottom line.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, that's a good question because if it wasn't for Sandy a lot more would have shown up, and we actually did reduce our FTEs in our U.S. transformation number that you're talking about, the $350 million would have been significantly better. You would have seen it a lot more dramatic. But it's in our U.S. domestic transformation program that you're talking about. We're going after those costs in a lot of different areas. Attrition, of course, redesigning the network, and even with Sandy, we still had pretty good improvement on our FTEs. Alan?
Alan B. Graf: Rob, let me just add to that, that we're building momentum, and while I know that a lot of people don't like my outlook for the third quarter, we did keep the year the same because we expect the momentum to build through Q3, and we will really start to see the impact of this at Express in the Q4 results for Express and for the corporation and then on into fiscal '14. So momentum is there. It does take a while to get everything once we've made the plans executed. You've got, for example, bid packs with the pilots. You've got attrition that you have to let happen. We've got to continue to go through the reorganization for the G&A that we're doing, but strong momentum-building, and you'll see it in Q4.
David J. Bronczek: And one last thing on the 4 767s, obviously, it's accretive from our operating profits and margins. It's a positive MIRR as well, and it's all part of 1 of those 5 pillars that I pointed out in our fleet modernization as well.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit on the international side. Obviously, there continues to be some trade-down there, but yet kind of saw some uptick in volumes. I was wondering how much of that might be market share gains from your competitors' disruption over there may be with their big deal, just separating that as well as with just improved activity over there.
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. Market share data trails, so it would be premature to make definitive statements regarding market share gains at this time. Although, we have seen strong performance, stronger performance out of the Asia Pacific region and certainly, strong performance out of Europe.
Alan B. Graf: I would also add that our European organic expansion plan is right on target. Our strategic business case there is -- looks very good despite the weak economy over there. They're executing on it very well. As you know, we've made important acquisitions in Poland and France, and we will continue to roll that out, and we're very pleased with the progress.
David J. Bronczek: And just one last point, you've seen in our numbers. International priority, which is also international priority distribution where a lot of our high-tech customers use that product, grew at 3%. International economy grew at 14%. So going forward, there's a big opportunity for us there to put those packages in the right network for improving our profits.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Ross with Stifel, Nicolaus.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about the company's exposure to the U.S. housing market? The housing market seems to have bottomed and has gotten better this year. If there's more upside surprise in 2013, can you talk a little bit about how each of the different segments might benefit from that?
William J. Logue: Yes, I think from the -- this is -- David, this is Bill Logue. On the Freight side of the business, as the housing recovery comes around, obviously, that's a big role in the Freight side of the business. So whether we -- in the quarter, we saw some good volume movement through November -- October, November, pretty healthy for us, so again, helped our results. And again, as we see continued improvement going forward, then there's significant upside for us on the Freight side. Now as we go into our Q3 side of the business, obviously, we have a -- 2 less operating days in this quarter, and our third quarter, which is December, January, February, is the most challenging quarter because it's in the LTL space. It's 3 challenging months. That plus 2 less days. So as we work through Q3, our objective is to stay focused on continuing to build on our base business, continue our efficiencies and very focused on our contract renewals, which we are in a very heavy part of our season right now and prepare us to run efficient through Q3 as best we can with the challenges of the volume during this period and get us ready for Q4. So again, if housing continues, we'll see the benefit of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Helane Becker with the Dahlman Rose.
Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just on the -- some press reports a couple of weeks ago on this recent lawsuit over charges in your network. Can you just address that or how we should think about that?
Christine P. Richards: Helane, it's Chris Richards. This case was filed in February 2011 and received some recent media attention. We deny the allegations in this complaint. It had to do with an assertion that we weren't properly paying -- we were improperly charging for residential surcharges which, of course, we have a very settled process where customers, if they have this concern, can note from their invoice that they have it, and we'll address those issues. I have to tell you, it's not uncommon for plaintiffs' counsel where they have a situation where a case may be disposed of on preliminary motions for them to go to the media and attempt to bring forward negative facts in the media. And we're not going to try this case in the media. So just want to bring it to the attention of all of our customers that we note on our invoices when a residential surcharge has been applied. We take seriously and address any concern that's raised about those charges. We have a good process in place to make sure we are doing this correctly. But on the other hand, this isn't a perfect science, and if you drive around your town, you'll probably find some places where houses that used to be filled with families are now the locations for beauty salons and Mexican restaurants and other kinds of things. And so it's a changing situation that we address through our various data sources. So that's where we are. It's very preliminary stage, and we can't be accountable for plaintiffs' lawyers' actions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Hartford with -- of Robert W. Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'm wondering if you can provide some context on the airfreight dynamics without giving specific numbers in the quarter, can you talk directionally about how trends trended? It sounds as though November airfreight was healthy after being weak for the 5 months prior. And can you talk a little bit about trade lanes in terms of that dynamic and maybe what you're seeing from a near-term perspective, whether you do have the sense that airfreight fundamentals globally have started to bottom or if there's still too much uncertainty to make any sort of any claims? So any sort of color on that would be helpful.
David J. Bronczek: Well, I'll start. This is Dave Bronczek. The airfreight out of Asia Pacific is doing quite well. A lot of it is our high-tech customers. Obviously, this time of the year, there is a shift. However, we think, in the overall market that has more Express on the high end and more Freight IE type of traffic on the low end, so it's actually going to play into our network very well. So our volumes were up out of the Asia Pacific. They're also up out of Europe. So we are actually seeing some positive trends from our key customers in our market segment. Mike?
T. Michael Glenn: Yes, I was just going to highlight, as Dave mentioned, as most people know during the quarter there were several high-tech product releases that certainly benefited the market overall in FedEx. And those don't happen every quarter, but certainly, we benefited from that during the quarter.
Frederick W. Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. On our Investor Relations website, you can read a speech which I gave in May at the Wings Club that gives a comprehensive look of our views about the international cargo business from the Express sector through the commodity airfreight or traditional airfreight business down to Ocean Freight. And you'll see that over the last several years, particularly since the great recession, there have been major systemic changes. And I'd commend that work to you because it gives a more comprehensive answer to the question you just asked.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, Fred, maybe I can ask you just to follow up a little bit on that. We hear a lot about nearsourcing of manufacturing back to North America. Obviously, FedEx serves all of those places. But we also hear that international priority freight is some of the best freight on the network. So maybe what are the puts and takes there? Is it a good thing if we get nearsourcing back here for FedEx? Or is that more of a challenge as a secular shift?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, we're in all these sectors. It's just really an issue of managing the capacity and putting the right traffic in the right network. And I think over the last couple of years, as Dave mentioned, customers have opted to trade a bit of speed for a lower price but that's fine. We just have to make sure that the economy traffic has moved in the appropriate network, and we're moving a lot -- and moving it on the ground more as opposed to flying it as much. So it's more drive, fly, drive rather than -- and then fly, fly. So that takes some time. One of the things that we're most excited about in the last couple of years -- and perhaps, Dave can talk a bit more about this -- we bought a terrific company in Mexico, which will be a major beneficiary of nearsourcing trends. We got a great team down there, and it's going very well. So we're prepared on either side for continued growth across the Pacific. And I think the sector that we pioneered, the door-to-door Express, will be the growth area. And we're also well situated for nearsourcing. Dave?
David J. Bronczek: That's exactly right, Fred, and we have a great company in Mexico. We come across the border now in trucks when it gets nearsourced, and that's a great question. Or it's Indonesia or it's in China or it's in Austin, Texas. Those customers are telling us in advance where they're moving to, and we align our network to that. In some cases, it's actually better for us financially when they nearsource it. So we have a good line of sight on where these customers are, and we have great businesses and great business models all around the world to handle it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christian Wetherbee with Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was maybe wondering if we could touch a little bit on kind of the fuel surcharge in the purchase transportation and maybe the Sandy allocation within Express. Just trying to get a better sense of maybe what the underlying kind of earnings power the segment is right now and how you think about that x some of those items. Just a little bit more color there would be very helpful.
Alan B. Graf: Well, as we grow FedEx Trade Networks, our purchase transportation costs are going to increase because they're all -- that's all purchase transportation. FedEx Trade Networks is a very important part of our strategy. It goes back to the last couple of questions where we're getting bigger in ocean, and we are also getting bigger in forwarded air traffic on a small basis now, but hope to be larger as we go where we can't justify flying an entire aircraft. That's an important part of our strategy. Also with acquisitions, there's a lot of purchase transportation acquisitions. And acquisitions, when you first make them, you have 2 costs that you have to deal with, particularly in the first year. One is you can't capitalize the cost of the acquisitions anymore. Now those are expensed immediately. And secondarily, you have integration costs as we hook those acquisitions into our international network. We know that going upfront. We have a strategic business case on all of these that understand that. But as we get them tucked in and up and running and FedEx-branded, 18 months down the road, they start to pay off. So those are the answers there. As to the fuel, you have to remember about the fuel surcharge. You have to remember what happened a year ago in terms of those lag between the surcharge and the price and what happened this year. So a lot of people thought we'd have a tailwind. We actually had a headwind, as our fuel price variance was significantly higher than year-over-year and our surcharge revenue was basically flat across the enterprise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Sterne Agee.
Salvatore Vitale - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Sal Vitale on for Jeff Kauffman. Just looking at some of the trends in the Express business, volume-wise, was there anything in terms of easier comps this quarter? If we look at the trend over the last few quarters, you had the -- the May quarter was down about 3% year-over-year. August was up about 1.5%, and then you had up 6% in the November quarter. Is there anything there we should be looking at?
T. Michael Glenn: I don't think there is anything beneficial in that regard. I think to the contrary we're still lapping the one customer -- one large customer, the cell phone industry that I mentioned last quarter, which moved the traffic out of the Express network into the home and SmartPost -- Ground and SmartPost network. So that is still a headwind for us in the Express sector. So what we've seen is stronger numbers. Obviously, we've been benefiting from e-commerce to some degree and specific opportunities with other customers. But it's more -- I would say it's more of a headwind than a tailwind that we're dealing with.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So what I understand on the Ground side, we saw nice acceleration in the volume growth and wondering what's driving that. Are you hearing from customers? Or do you think you're taking maybe a little bit of share or accelerated share ahead of UPS' Teamster contract next year? And then on the expense side at Ground that you talked about expansion costs and higher contractor costs, maybe give a little bit of color there. And should we think about those as ongoing in the next few quarters?
David F. Rebholz: Okay, Scott, this is Dave Rebholz. There is no question that with our value proposition and the quality of the service that we are performing that we are taking some level of share. It would absolutely be ridiculous to not think that we're not doing that. All up, our customers are pointing out to us what's valuable, what's important. We have picked up a number of significant customers that have, obviously, stated concerns over the U.S. -- UPS situation, but I don't think that's the primary driver in this. Otherwise, I think we would see a heck of a lot more volume coming on board in the short term. So I think we're absolutely winning the game over the long run. In terms of the cost structure, just basic fundamentals here. We -- Alan already mentioned the net fuel position that we were in. We are all in the position of the lagging factor, which will benefit us going forward. We put on a significant -- and you follow us very closely. We put on a significant amount of expansion that comes on in this particular quarter in anticipation of the peak volumes that we have to handle, which Mike already told you, were record-level days. My peers laugh at me when I say it's kind of like the fishes and loaves because the days are unique, dramatic, and we're handling it at incredible levels of performance. So I am very, very pleased with our team. And I would like to go on the record for saying the level of dedication and commitment, not only from our own employees, but from our contractors is second to none. So all up, those are really the 2 big issues in this quarter, fuel and expansion. We anticipated it, and we're looking forward for the years to come, in particular the second half, because I think we've got headway to play this thing out. I have no idea what the situation is with UPS and their contract. All I know is we've got customers that are coming on for the long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Dave, can I just follow up on the Ground side there, it seemed like yields also seemed to take a deceleration, not a decline, but maybe slowing over what we've seen in the last few quarters. Is it getting more competitive in terms of getting those in that business? Or is -- I guess maybe is e-commerce having a greater impact? I know you just highlighted expansion and fuel, but is the rapid growth of e-commerce impacting your margin capabilities as a growth of SmartPost or anything else that's going on within the network that we should think about?
David F. Rebholz: Ken, the issue here is that as we have moved into this peak season, the acceleration of e-commerce is very real. You don't have to look at FedEx to understand what's going on out there in the marketplace with our largest retail customers and their customers. It appears that there's been a lot of pent-up demand from us, we as consumers, and so ordering online is the most convenient way to do business. So I don't think that trend is going to change. The economics on yield, we were over yield, as was already articulated by Alan in our press release. That's not to say that the larger the customers and as the mix changes that we could not envision some sort of yield risk as a function of customer mix, not as a function of rate, okay? So I think we're in a very healthy position, and all I can tell you is, is that the growth is and the demand is very strong. And yes, it is true, and I'll let Mike comment on it, our largest customers are seeing record years.
T. Michael Glenn: Ken, I just want to highlight a couple of points. I certainly agree with what Dave is saying. But I want you to focus on the fact that FedEx has been leading the industry in terms of overall yield improvement. And our yield management and our sales team along with our revenue management team has done an outstanding job of managing our yields in the various quarters over the last couple of years. Our objective, as I stated at the investor and lenders meeting, is to balance our yield improvement along with volume growth to maximize profitability for each operating company, and we have worked very closely with the operating companies to make sure that we accomplish that. Certainly, during quarters leading up to -- or the quarter leading up to the peak season, we do see a change in customer mix, as Dave noted, which does put some pressure on the yield. But our long-term objective is to balance yield improvements and volume growth to maximize our profits, and that's what we're focused on. So some quarters you're going to see yields a little higher, some quarters you're going to see yields a little lower, but the key is improving our profits.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This question might kind of be a follow-up for you, Mike, or maybe Dave Bronczek. But when we look at yields in Express as well, is that being challenged any way domestically by what your peer is doing with these new Saver products that they've introduce over the last few quarters? And with the declining volume environment, what are some things that you're doing to try to push better pricing outcomes looking forward?
T. Michael Glenn: Our yield strategy, I can tell you, is independent of what our primary competitor is doing. As I said before, our objective here is to balance our yield improvement along with volume growth to maximize our profitability. We've worked very closely with our Express company to identify opportunities, whether they be on a lane segment basis or out of a particular market or region to grow our services. We've had a lot of new contract negotiations that have come up in the quarter, and we work, again, very closely to make sure that we're getting the level of contribution that we need to get. What's really driving a lot of the yield issues in the market in general in Express is the growth in e-commerce. And again, as I stated at the investor and lenders meeting, our SmartPost and home delivery services are ideal for growth in SmartPost; and at the same time, we are being more selective in the Express segment when pursuing e-commerce opportunities. Certainly, Express benefited during the quarter from strong e-commerce results, but we are more selective in that regard and perhaps more selective than our primary competitor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Art Hatfield with Raymond James.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question going back to the profit improvement initiatives and the cost saves that will come. Alan, in your comments, you talked about some of the savings in next fiscal year and then most of the benefits being in place by the end of fiscal '15. Is the right way for us to think about it -- I know you can't pinpoint all of this at this point in time, but as this occurs will it be something that will come in a stair-step function? Or will it accrue smoothly over the quarters as you start to see those benefits kick in?
Alan B. Graf: I think it'll be a combination. There'll be small stair steps, but it'll mostly be momentum that will drive this. Again, we are talking about thousands of people here. So as we reorganize around that with a very limited backfill behind that, we have to space these folks out. So there'll be May, then there'll be some August, then there'll probably be some November, then there'll be some the next May. And I don't have clear visibility of that except I know where we'll be in fiscal '15 with pretty good certainty. So we'll have a lot more to say about this over the next couple of calls, Art, because I'll have a lot better knowledge after we actually go through the process. We've told our employees what the voluntary buyout is. We want them to think about it over the holidays and talk with their families. We want to do this the right way, and I'm confident that we'll get where we need to be.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Nesvold with Jefferies & Company.
Elliott Waller - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It's Elliott Waller on for Peter. Just continuing in the cost savings, just questions for you. Just how many people approximately were offered the buyout? And your charges that you spoke of in the next quarter, how many people does that assume, ballpark estimate, in terms of accept those buyouts? And then should we expect charges going forward into fiscal '14?
Alan B. Graf: Elliott, the -- most of the voluntary buyouts offered are at FedEx Express and FedEx Services. There'll be a significantly large population, but I'm not going to get into details of numbers. As I said, we expect it to be in the thousands of those who will take the voluntary buyout, and I've given a number between $550 million and $650 million. We will book the majority of that in the fourth quarter as contracts are signed as opposed to spreading that out. So we will have most of the voluntary buyout -- will be in fiscal '13. There will be some continuing costs associated with the program that will go into fiscal '14, but they will not be material compared to the savings that we'll see in '14. So we'll have a plus in fiscal '14. I just can't tell you how big it is today, but I will certainly give you some indication at our next call, and then we'll have a great definitive answer for you when we report our year-end earnings.
Frederick W. Smith: We have a question from Andrew Meister. Are you actually trying to affect turning freight from one network to another for the long-term benefit of both FDX and your customers? And how do you affect such changes, if so? The reality is we don't affect those changes. The customers affect the changes, and it depends on a number of factors. But again, referencing the Wings Club speech, what you'll see is one of the most important elements in the transportation market over the last decade is the increased price of fuel. From 2001 to 2011, the price of diesel and jet fuel went up about 4.5x. So that by itself drives people to make price service trade-offs, and obviously, the more expensive Express transportation, the more energy intensive, because it's built around aviation, and it drives people to make decisions. Second is the relationship of value per pound of the product that's being shipped. Mike mentioned a cell phone provider, I think it was a communications company, and they moved from Express to SmartPost. Well, what happened there is cell phones went from being exotic, expensive devices to much lower-cost commodities, and so the need to move them with the same speed requirement declined. That's happened to a lot of the electronics trade across the Pacific. And they may be moved in air transportation for a product release, but over time, as the value per pound of the product goes down, they might move to ocean transport. So it's a dynamic process, and we're not doing this. It's a function of what the customers want, and we, then, have to be prepared as we are to efficiently handle it. And that's what the FedEx portfolio does. We can handle nearsourcing or Trans-Pacific. We can handle the most economical shipment in our Ground and SmartPost network or the defibrillator for the surgery tomorrow for a first overnight delivery. Now I do think that the rapidity with some of these changes over the last few years has been something that we've had to deal with, and that's what we talked about in the investors and lenders meeting. And the reality is that things didn't come back the same way after the big recession as everybody thought they would, and so clearly, the voluntary buyout and the new networks that Dave Bronczek are putting in place are reflecting what customers want. So that's the answer to how traffic churns in the network. It's not us. It's the customers and the macroeconomic environment and the input costs, particularly the price of fuel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso with Credit Suisse.
Patrick C. Geekie - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is actually Patrick Geekie on for Chris. We haven't talked too much about Freight thus far in the call, so I wonder if you could elaborate on the current competitive environment and in particular pricing that you're seeing right now in the market.
William J. Logue: Okay, Chris, this is -- or this is -- Patrick, this is Bill Logue. The -- I would say from a competitive perspective, obviously, the market is a very competitive market. There is a -- on the pricing side, again, pricing remains rational. Obviously, the contract renewals and pricing is -- gets a little more challenging as you go through this time of year with the volume levels where they are. So again, we're seeing some of that in the market space. But overall, we're happy with where we're positioned in the market space. Customers are responding. As you saw, our volume growth continues on both volume and yield growth, and so we're getting yield improvements, and we're getting volume. And the customers are using both services, which is, again, the value that we put out with our new design model. So from that perspective, I think we're in good shape. And I said earlier, we're going through a -- our Q3 is a challenging quarter. So again, I want to make sure that, that's something that we're very focused on and building through Q3 to get us ready into a -- our strongest quarter, which is Q4. So from the market's perspective, challenging as we go into this time of year, but I think -- and I'll let Mike comment on some of the yield initiatives.
T. Michael Glenn: Well, as Bill indicated, when you're dealing with softness in the economy and you have the number of competitors that we are facing in the LTL industry, there is certainly opportunity to see more aggressive pricing. But I would reiterate what Bill said. I would consider the market rational. I think our team has done an outstanding job, again, working with the freight operating company, selectively being aggressive where appropriate and at the same time being focused on improving our yields. And as I stated before, without the impact of fuel, our yields went up 1.9% during the quarter, which I would characterize as very solid performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Gallo with Wells Fargo.
Anthony P. Gallo - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions tied to the headcount reduction. It was $550 million to $600 million (sic) [$650 million] in charges that equate to about a $300 million run rate benefit that begins in May of '13. Did I get those numbers and timing correct?
Alan B. Graf: Well, I didn't comment on the run rate in '14 and I'm not going to, but you got the fourth quarter charges correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a quick question. Looks like we're getting very good volume growth in the Ground segment, 8% and 17% in SmartPost, perhaps maybe not as much operating leverage as you'd expect in the business with that kind of volume. There were some comments about network expansion costs and Hurricane Sandy and stuff like that. Could you help us to understand what level of nonrecurring costs might be in the Ground result for the quarter?
David F. Rebholz: Well, I'm not going to comment specifically on the specific numbers, but what we were trying to point out to you is every year we have expansion costs in this quarter because we time when we're bringing on capacity in anticipation of peak. In terms of the fuel, that's relatively public information that's -- you've got to be looking at what those fuel trends are. All up, I didn't think that our return on that growth rate was a bad number, so I'm not sure what else I can add to that, but I would ask Alan if he wanted to comment on it beyond that.
Alan B. Graf: I think Dave told you earlier about our biggest customers who are having seasons that are higher than they even forecasted. And so that means that we had to add late additional capacity in November and in December to be able to handle the volume surges that we had not planned or forecasted and still make the service commitments that we made. So that's probably a little bit of nonrecurring because we've really had an unbelievable peak so far as we've given you the numbers. But having said that, knock on wood, the weather's been pretty good, and I think we'll have a great Service week this week and expect that we will continue our expansion at Ground. And we will have to have some of the things that we're dealing with next year, so there's a little bit of that in there. But generally speaking, the margins in Ground are solid, and they're going to stay solid and their growth is going to continue.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the conference over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation's second quarter earnings release conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-09-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster Frederick W. Smith - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President of Market Development & Corporate Communications, Chief Executive Officer of Fedex Services and President of Fedex Services Alan B. Graf - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David J. Bronczek - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express and President of FedEx Express William J. Logue - Chief Executive Officer and President David F. Rebholz - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Ground Package System Inc and President of FedEx Ground Package System Inc
Analysts: Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division J. Bruce Chan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I would like to remind everyone that our Investors and Lenders Meeting will be held here in Memphis on Tuesday and Wednesday, October 9 and 10. Therefore, we ask that you please save your cost reduction and profit improvement questions, which we will cover in great detail for the October meeting. The first quarter earnings release and our statistical supplement book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast will be available for approximately 1 year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. [Operator Instructions] I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome to our discussion of operating and financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. Following my remarks, Mike Glenn will highlight our views on the economy, and Alan Graf will detail our financial results and outlook. In the quarter just ended, while FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight improved their profitability in the first quarter, the slowdown in the global economy and global trade constrained revenue growth at FedEx Express and affected overall earnings. We have significant efforts under way to reduce cost in the Express segment, some of which we'll talk about today and all of which we'll talk about in detail at our Investors and Lenders Meeting on 9 and 10 of October, and we hope most of you can come to that meeting. Now let me turn it over to Mike Glenn.
T. Michael Glenn: Thank you, Fred. On the economic front, we continue to see modest growth in the global economy. Our calendar year '12 U.S. GDP growth forecast is 2.2% and 1.9% for calendar year '13, which is 0.5 points lower than our fourth quarter earnings forecast. For industrial production, we expect a growth of 4.2% in calendar year '12, slightly below last quarter, and 3% in calendar year '13, 0.5 points lower than our fourth quarter forecast. Our global GDP forecast is 2.3% for calendar '12 and 2.7% for calendar '13, 0.3 points lower than our last call. Turning to yield and revenue management, excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express domestic package yield increased over 4.4%. The increase was driven by pricing and rate discount improvement, followed by favorable service and customer mix changes. The Ground package yield increased 3.6%, excluding the impact to fuel. Year-over-year increase was driven by lift and discount improvements, followed by an increase in extra services charges. Excluding fuel, International package yield declined 2.3% year-over-year due to the impact of exchange rate. And finally, excluding the impact of fuel, FedEx rate yield per hundredweight increased 2.4% year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by pricing rate changes. And now I'll turn it over to Alan Graf.
Alan B. Graf: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. For FedEx Corporation, revenues and operating income increased slightly in the first quarter due to improved profitability at FedEx Freight, the strong performance at FedEx Ground and partially offset by the impact of reduced demand for priority services at FedEx Express. Revenues increased 3% to $10.8 billion primarily due to yield increases, which Mike discussed, and higher volumes at FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight. Our EPS closed at $1.45 per share, which was a little better than we anticipated 2 weeks ago, slightly down year-over-year due to the tough global economy. Looking at Ground, revenues increased 8% to $2.5 billion as a result of yield and volume growth at FedEx Ground and volume growth at FedEx SmartPost. Average daily volume at FedEx Ground increased 5% to 3.9 million packages per day due to market share gains, resulting from continued growth in our commercial business and our FedEx Home Delivery service. FedEx SmartPost volumes grew 18% to 1.7 million packages per day as a result of growth in e-commerce. Ground operating income increased 9% to $445 million due to yield and package volume growth, and operating margin improved year-over-year to 18.1%. Turning to Express, although Express revenues increased, operating income and margin decreased due to declining U.S. domestic package volumes, the demand shift toward lower-yielding International Economy services and increased depreciation and employee benefits expenses, which more than offset significant ongoing cost containment activities. Recent acquisitions and exchange rate fluctuations affected both revenue and expense but had little net impact on operating income for the quarter. Fuel costs decreased 8% during the first quarter due to decreases in the average price per gallon of jet fuel and lower aircraft fuel usage. Based on a static analysis of the net impact of year-over-year charges in fuel prices compared to year-over-year changes in fuel surcharges, fuel had virtually no impact to operating income at Express in the first quarter. Despite lower U.S. domestic package volumes and unfavorable exchange-rate impact and lower fuel surcharge revenue, Express revenues did increase 1% due to the impact of new acquisitions, U.S. domestic package yield growth, growth in our Freight forwarding business at FedEx trade networks and higher international export package volumes. U.S. domestic package volumes decreased 5% due to weak economic conditions resulting in reduced demand for our services. Meanwhile, international domestic revenues increased 49% due to recent business acquisitions. In order to increase transparency, we have provided the details for priority versus economy package for international and collectively refer to them as international export. You'll be able to see that International Priority volume fell 2%, while International Economy grew 13% year-over-year. This trade-down has been hurting our Express margins. Looking at Freight, revenues increased 5% to $1.4 billion as a result of higher average daily less-than-truckload shipments and yields. Average daily LTL shipments increased 4% due to market share gains as customer demand increased for our economy service offering. Priority volumes were flat, while Economy increased 12%. As a result of the increase in average daily LTL shipments, LTL yield growth and ongoing efficient improvements -- efficiency improvements in our integrated network, Freight's operating income increased an impressive 114%, and operating margin increased 320 basis points to 6.4%. Also new this quarter, we have provided details for Freight's Priority and Economy yields, which show that our composite LTL yield grew 2% while our economy yield grew 10%. Turning to the outlook and looking ahead, we're expecting earnings per share of $1.30 to $1.45 for the second quarter and have lowered our guidance for the year to $6.20 to $6.60 per diluted share. This guidance assume weaker economic growth in the economy than we had expected when we first gave you guidance for FY '13, as Mike described earlier. We are taking significant actions to reduce costs, improve efficiencies and adjust our networks to match anticipated demand. These actions and opportunities build on the actions taken in 2012 and during the first quarter, including our recent announcement to implement a voluntary buyout plan and decisions to retire certain aircraft and modernize our fleet at Express. We have a very strong cash position, especially after our $1 billion debt issuance in July at historically low interest rates for the company. Half of those funds were from our first 30-year bond offering in over 2 decades at 3.875%, and the other half was from our 10-year bond offering at 2.625%. During the first quarter, we paid a little over $500 million in cash for our acquisitions in Poland, France and Brazil. Out of our cash from operations, we paid $972 million for capital expenditures and repaid $300 million of unsecured notes at 9.65% in June. We also repurchased 2.7 million shares of FedEx common stock for $246 million. We look forward to seeing you here in Memphis at our October Investors and Lenders Meeting, where we will discuss our cost reduction and profit initiatives in very great detail. I'm sure you will enjoy the time spent with us. And now, we will open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Tom Wadewitz from JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I wanted to ask you about how you think international trends will develop the next couple of quarters. You seem to be cutting the guidance for the full year fairly aggressively relative to what seems to be about a 0.5-percentage-point cut in your overall economic view. So I'm wondering if you can give us some more thoughts on what your assumptions are within International and how you think that the, I guess, the trade-down effect will take place, if that's going to be a continuing issue going forward and if that's part of the reason that your guidance has come down as much as it has.
David J. Bronczek: Tom, this is Dave Bronczek. I'll start off, then Mike Glenn will add some color to it. First, on the International numbers, and I think it was appropriate that we split them out now. And I already talked about the International Priority and the deferred, the economy, you can see sort of what happened in our mix shift, a 2% down in our very high, very profitable International Priority packages. And a dramatic increase, 13% in deferred, that actually grew and drove our linehaul per -- the pounds went up 4% this quarter. So we're taking a hard look at it, and you'll see some of the decisions we've made on moving some of our traffic on the ocean through FTN, our customers have talked to us about that. Putting the right freight in the right networks. We're very pleased that the customers are talking to us about their package content, their high-tech customers, and in terms of their value per pound and their shipments so that we make sure we get the right network for the right customer at the right price for the right profit. So yes, we were a little bit surprised that the International deferred package volume went up so much, and it drove some of our linehaul an increase of 4% in our pounds. But that's a good thing as we adjust our network.
T. Michael Glenn: Tom, I'd just add that when we see weakness in the economy, not unlike what happens in the United States, we see a shift from our Premium Services in the Priority network to deferred services to take advantage of lower transit times and lower rates. That's just one way that customers manage their supply chains in difficult economic conditions, so I think that's what we're seeing.
Frederick W. Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me weigh in here, Tom. I mean, fundamentally, what's happening is that exports around the world have contracted, and the policy choices in Europe and the United States and China are having an effect on global trade. Global trade has grown faster than GDP, except for the 2000, 2001 meltdown and 2008 and 2009, for 25 years. And over the last few months, that has not been the case. So that's what's really going on, is that exports and trade have gone down at a faster rate than GDP has.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Justin Yagerman.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So piggybacking here on Tom's question a little bit, I'm just trying to reconcile the outlook. I understand that over the last quarter and over the last several quarters, we've seen this contraction. But what we're hearing in the tech and telecom world is about all of these different product launches: Windows 8, iPhone 5, iPad Mini, if that gets released in the back half. These should be all high-value, high-priority goods. I guess the big question is whether or not there's demand there for it. Your guidance would imply that there really isn't and that we're not going to see that pickup in the International Priority side of things, where you really get that margin expansion. Is that what you're hearing from your customers? Is that just based on a gut feel right now? Can you give us a little bit of insight into why you think this big step down as we head into what should otherwise be a fairly productive time of year?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, let me elaborate on what I said just a moment ago. I mean, systemically, the policy choices that have been made in Europe and the United States and China are having effect on world trade. The episodial product launches that you refer to, we've been talking about for 2 years. And we are carrying a huge amount of that traffic, but it is episodial. At the same time that you have that going on, you have a declining value per pound. In a lot of electronic equipment, you have fuel going up, partially in response to the quantitative easing. I mean, as the Fed puts more money out there, people put more money into commodities and drive the price up. So you have products that are getting lower in value per pound, which is the key correlation for goods being moved by air. And so they're going on the water to an improved container liner system that's been developed over the last few years. So you've got a lot of things that are going on there, and the product launch of Apple's and Microsoft is not going to provide the type of sustained growth in the international trade that the world has seen historically. So when that turns back around I think is directly related to the economic macro system in Europe, North America and particularly in China.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nate Brochmann from William Blair & Co.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk just -- and follow up on that a little bit, maybe, Fred. I mean, what's your long-term view of global trade and the opportunities to get that going again? And I understand all the near-term policy issues and obviously fully agree with that, and those are big headwinds. But what do you think in terms of the long-term opportunities to get that going again, and how do you think of global trade and then the investments kind of long term?
Frederick W. Smith: I think that, that remains to be seen. I mean, the global trading economy is still the largest single economy in the world. But over the last several months, particularly as we went into this fiscal year, it's been disappointing, and I think it's reflective of the low growth in the United States. You've got contraction going on in Europe. And because of North America and Europe, China's export economy, which has been driven by the consumer economies in the United States, North America and Europe, are reflected in the lower trade numbers. So I think until some of these macro issues get resolved, you'll see the relatively low international trade numbers. Now having said that, we're actually taking market share. We'll talk about this at the October 9 and 10 meeting. We're taking market share in the intercontinental trading area. The problem is, as Dave pointed out, the mix of traffic, the configuration of our networks was set on one set of assumptions, and those have turned out to be correct. So you'll see at the October 9 and 10 meeting, where we have a significant initiative under way in Express to take huge amounts of money out of the Express networks, reflecting what I just told you about.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from David Ross from Stifel, Nicolaus.
J. Bruce Chan - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: This is actually Bruce Chan on for David Ross. I just wanted to change gears a little bit and talk about Freight. You all did a nice job there. Your margins were certainly better than we expected, and it looks like much of that came from progress on the expense side, although maybe revenue per hundredweight was a little bit less than what we had assumed. I'm wondering if you can comment on the yield environment. Are you seeing any softening there of the pricing momentum that carriers seem to have been enjoying up till now, or is that somewhat of a mix effect or an issue with the composite economy and priority figure?
T. Michael Glenn: I think our sales team is doing an outstanding job balancing the traffic growth levels and yield improvement in the Freight sector. Yields in any one quarter are impacted by a variety of issues. Since a tremendous amount of the traffic is contract-based, we deal with contracts that come up during any given quarter, and so we have an opportunity to influence different amounts of traffic during any given quarter. There's also some mix issues there. We saw strong growth in the Economy segment and not as much in the Priority segment, but we're really pleased with the job that our sales team is doing managing yields in the Freight segment.
William J. Logue: Bruce, this is Bill. Let me jump in for a second. Again, as Mike said, we're very pleased with our quarter. I mean, volume was up 4% all up, yield up 2%. A lot of the focus we have is on making sure that as -- the customer's embracing our new offering in choice, and that's clear. And our objective is to make sure that whether customer picks a priority or economy shipment in any length of haul, that we'll be profitable. So very focused, and a lot of our -- we made a lot of changes back in July on our network design, and it's all designed for that. So as far as the quarter, we're very happy about it. The yield is a -- as Mike said, is a very important focus for us, and the sales team is doing a nice job of managing the environment out there. And as far as the pricing environment, again, I think it's rational, and we're very focused on them.
Operator: And our next mission comes from Helane Becker from Dahlman Rose.
Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: So just to understand something with respect to the lower growth and the GDP outlook and so on and so forth, does this in any way change your thought process about international expansion? I mean, I think one of the big things is the revenue growth you saw with some of the recent acquisitions, would this in any way change that?
David J. Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. No, thanks for the question, though, Helane. No, we're actually adding some super express freighters in October and November, one out of Taipei that gives our customers there 2.5 hours of later service and cutoffs for them into North America and into Europe and actually another one that starts in October out of Munich that comes up into Milan and directly heads into our hub here in Memphis. So our customers continue to see great value and great service, and we keep adding more and more traffic. As we pointed out before, the shift has been different, so we're going to spend a lot of time with you on October talking about our international network and how it redesigns around the mix and the product types that we have going forward so that we're much more profitable while we gain more volume and more business.
Frederick W. Smith: I should add, though, that those super express freighters Dave talked about are not additions of capacity. They are changed routings in order to take advantage of the 777's nonstop capabilities and give our customers better value. And going back to the question about Apple and Microsoft and so on, these product launches, a part of what Dave is saying to you, we manage that by adding extra sections and extra capacity. So we have been very reluctant in the recent past to add scheduled capacity and meet these requirements with variable capacity. And that's probably going to be the case for the foreseeable future. I mean, we'll probably put up very little incremental schedule capacity. And Dave, you might want to add to that.
David J. Bronczek: No, that's right, Fred. And of course, our FedEx Trade Networks organization is becoming very, very successful at bundling the customers' products, and a lot more traffic is moving on the ocean now in our same technology, great value-added service. So we'll talk a lot about all of these initiatives that we have going forward. I think you'd be very pleased with how profitable our International divisions around the world become.
Frederick W. Smith: Okay, we've got -- Mickey gave me some e-mail questions from Ken Hoexter. Let me give Dave Rebholz one of these. Where do you see Ground margins trending from here? If volumes and pricing continue on this path, can they operate at a 20% level?
David F. Rebholz: This is Dave. Clearly, our goal is to be moving towards 20-plus percent. We see an expanded growth of our product across all product lines that we have, both Ground, Home and SmartPost. We feel that we have the right cost structure in place to be able to manage through that process. Each and every quarter is a different set of circumstances, but quite frankly, I think we've proven to you that we're fairly consistent and we're very successful at producing the kind of financial returns. And as we continue to gain market share, I have nothing but very positive and very comfortable feelings as we move forward to achieve the goals that have been set out for us.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ben Hartford from Robert W. Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about yield expectations in the International Express segment, kind of paying mind to the fact that capacity utilization among the more heavyweight air freight providers still appears to be pressured. Capacity has come out of the market, but as you guys have talked about, volume is weak, and as we understand, there's going to be some capacity redeployment potentially into these lanes as well. So can you talk a little bit about what the expectations are for the yield dynamics in that segment over the course of the next couple of quarters?
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. I think the main thing is our goal is to strike the right balance between yield improvement and volume growth to maximize the operating profit within each segment of our business. The main issue that has put pressure on yields in the International segment is the mix shift that Dave talked about earlier, where we're seeing strong growth in our deferred services and a slight decline in our priority services. Obviously, as the economy remains weak, it is tougher to grow those Premium Services in our -- in the priority network. So we'll have to manage through that going forward, but that's the main issue putting pressure on yields at this point.
Operator: And our next question comes from William Greene from Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Alan, can I ask you for just a little bit of color around some of the guidance numbers? If we look at the second quarter, it's quite a bit below what normal sort of sequential change would suggest. And if we sort of follow that through, it kind of leads to either an assumption that there's a pickup you're assuming in the second half or we'll be toward the low end of that guidance number. So is it fuel in the second quarter that's causing that below-seasonality, or maybe you can add some color around kind of near term and long term?
Alan B. Graf: Well, I think the key here is what we've talked about several times. When IP is in a declining mode and IE package is in a strong growth mode, that's a big factor, and we think that's going to continue. I mean we took significant haircuts, that Mike mentioned earlier, to our calendar year '13 numbers. And so we see the economy not improving from here. And I watched Mr. Fisher this morning, the ex-Fed member, saying that he thought the economy was at stall, at current. And I think that it's -- not a voting member, he's still currently there. I think that's what we're seeing. So we anticipate more of the same in the second quarter for Express. And also, we'll have some fuel headwinds versus the previous year at Express the way the fuel surcharges and our bands are working out in terms of price increases in the lag. So fuel's definitely an impact, but not going to see much improvement in Express in the second quarter as we keep our service levels high. And we'll be telling you in October what we're going to do and when we're going to do it at Express. So those are the 2 keys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Sterling from BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: You guys have spent a lot of time talking about customer shifting to deferred services. Are you seeing more customers maybe taking a step further and shift from the air to the ocean? And, Mr. Smith, you briefly mentioned you guys are taking market share. Does that imply that maybe you've taken market share from the freight forwarder community as you build out the FedEx Trade Networks?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, what's going on in the movement of goods internationally in the Air Cargo segment, the door-to-door Express part of it is taking share from the traditional airport-to-airport cargo segment, and that's going to create a lot of issues as a tremendous amount of capacity that's been brought into the market, a lot of new aircraft by the traditional airport-to-airport providers, whether they're combination carriers or the pure freighter operators, that market is not growing at all. And, in fact, in the last several months, it's almost contracted about, what, 3%, I think? Something along those lines. So that's what I was talking about that Express is taking market share, and there are 3 major Express networks. We're the biggest in terms of transporting goods by air, and then you have UPS and DHL. And then there is clearly a diversion of traffic from traditional airport-to-airport air freight onto the water, and that's being caused by the falling value per pound of the traffic that's being moved. I mean we all benefit, particularly in the electronics sector, with improved pricing because of technology. Well, the thing that is most correlated to air freight demand or the air cargo market demand is the value per pound. So there is traffic that's moving onto the water because of that, and at the same time, over the last 10 years, the container liner services have gotten a lot better. I mean, there's now daily service from almost every major port in Asia to the major ports in the United States and Europe. This will be even more pronounced once the Panama Canal has expanded to the so-called Panamax-sized ships in 2014. So that's what I was talking about market share. The Express segment is taking market share from the traditional air freight segment, and the traditional air freight segment is losing some traffic to the sea freight area. And that's our strategy. We're participating in both of those, with FedEx Trade Networks in the sea freight area, which has been a major expansion effort over the last few years. It's really fantastic what our team has done there. And we're now an increasingly big player in that segment. And at the same time, our Express system has grown, but the customer has selected the less expensive of the 2 services that we offer, and it's -- we have to modify our system and our capacity to reflect that changed demand. So long answer, but you have to understand a lot. Dave, you want to add something?
David J. Bronczek: And to add to that, our FedEx Trade Networks organization has done a tremendous job of opening up, I think we're up to 51 markets, 125 cities now. And, of course, the visibility and the technology that we provide at FedEx across the board in all of our networks is something that the customers value very much. So when they're moving on the ocean, they still see the visibility, they still see the tracking, they still see the reliability of the service commitment on deliveries. So it's a movement for our customers that adds more value to them, and we'll be talking more about that in October.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Schoonmaker from Morningstar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow up more on FTN network development. I think the latest K mentioned 130 offices, and you say 125 locations. This must be 100 more than just 2 or 3 years ago. And I recognize you'll continuously position offices to capture shifting trade patterns. But could you please comment on sort of near term, what kind of expansion is required before the network is sort of completed?
David J. Bronczek: Well, we're in very good shape right now. You're right. We've added over 100 cities, probably, in the last 3 years, and we're in very good shape right now in all the major markets around the world. We'll add some more. We'll continue to open more cities. But by and large, in the main ports and the main lanes, we're already there and just adding customers. And with our bundled capability internationally, it's really positive and up. We have a lot of upside potential with FTN.
Alan B. Graf: This is Alan. Look, we're going to continue to build scale at FTN, and we're going to continue the expansion. But there is not a customer out there right now that FTN can't compete for, which is a position we haven't been in until just recently. So that's going to be an important part of our game plan, as Fred mentioned.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christian Wetherbee from Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Question maybe on the domestic side, just looking at the Express side from a volume standpoint. When you look at the 5% decline there, I was just wondering if you could give some color around the trade-down you may be seeing out of Express and into the Ground and maybe how much of that 5% is kind of being captured there relative to the overall weakness in the economy. You try to parse that out, maybe a little bit more color on that would be great.
Alan B. Graf: Sure. I'll let Dave get some specifics. This is Alan. I'm going to just say again and iterate this, we manage the U.S. domestic business as a portfolio. And if you combine our Ground and Express domestic businesses, you have one heck of a great profit story. And in fact, Express domestic's profitability is good, even despite there's a 5% volume decline, because we're managing the heck out of it. So I'll turn it over to Dave.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, I'll answer that, then Mike Glenn will jump in, too. Alan's exactly right. I mean, our FTEs, and you can see that, is down 3% year-over-year. It's 3,450 FTEs. The service has never been better. The quality of our customer care has never been better. Our linehaul in the United States is down 2% as well. So -- and our Aircraft Maintenance is better. So across the board, we've been diligent at reducing our cost commensurate with where the volume is, but the volume is between Express and Ground at FedEx, so that's a good thing.
T. Michael Glenn: Christian, I think it's important to point out that almost 1/2 the year-over-year decline during this quarter was due to one customer in the cell phone industry shifting from a total Express solution to a combination of Ground and SmartPost in order to manage their supply chain during this economic period. Beyond that, the weakness has been relatively broad-based among industry sectors and is largely economic-based.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman from Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A fair amount of my questions have been answered at this point. What I'd like to do is drill down a little bit more into your international forecast change. There was a slide you put out, I think over the summer, where you were looking for Eurozone to contract about 0.5% and emerging markets to grow at about just over 5%. I was speaking to a gentleman from China the other day who had expressed to me that he had thought that the Chinese economy was going to be stronger in the fourth quarter and first quarter and they were seeing changes in real estate market, what have you. Could you talk a little bit more about where you've incrementally changed outside of the U.S. and in particular, with some of your emerging markets?
T. Michael Glenn: Just from an economic perspective, as I mentioned, our global forecast is -- for calendar year '12 is 2.3%. In the developed countries, we're expecting 1.3%; in emerging markets, which is 5.1%. Again, this is slightly lower than we were last quarter. In '13, we're looking for 2.7%. Again, developed countries, 1.5%, and emerging markets, 5.7%. We've certainly seen a growth slowdown in the emerging Asia sector in the first half of Q1, but that's probably run its course, and domestic demand remains robust in the global headwind -- into global headwinds. But obviously, there are a lot of policy issues that will impact that.
Frederick W. Smith: I can tell you this on China. The locomotive that has driven China's growth is its export industries. And with the situation in Europe and, to a lesser degree, in North America, that is a significant issue for the Chinese economy. Now the consumer consumption in China is not increasing at a significant rate, contrary to everybody's hopes. While exports from, say, the United States into China have grown, they are dwarfed by the exports from China into the United States. And as the big economies in Europe and the U.S. have grown or contracted -- grown at a far lesser rate or, in the case of certain European countries, have contracted, that's reflected in the numbers in China. And you can't escape that. I've been somewhat amused watching some of the China observers, I think, completely underestimate the effects of the slower exports on the overall China economy.
David J. Bronczek: Jeff, this is Dave. And to add something else that you'll see in October that you probably don't see now is we've, on purpose, added a lot of investments in Europe. Our organic European plan, it's -- is very successful, and you're going to see a lot of the benefit to that. And also, in Asia, organically, in terms of more salespeople, more stations that we've opened. So it's -- we've added some costs and some investments that we are very confident will pay off in a big way, and you'll see more of that as well. So that's somewhat into our numbers too that you probably can't see at the moment.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Group from Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So first, thanks for the breakout of IP versus economy. It's helpful, and if you have any more history going back before fiscal '12, it'd be helpful for us. And then my question is on the restructuring. So there's been this view that I think it'll be largely a domestic Express restructuring. Is there a chance now that it can be broader and touch International to help manage some of the structural headwinds we're seeing as we see the shift from International Priority to Economy? Can you do much to address the cost structure of an Economy product versus a Priority product?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, first, let me clarify something. The management of FedEx has never used the term restructuring. That's something that you have mentioned and the media has mentioned. We intend to take a significant amount of cost out of the Express system, and on October 9 and 10, you'll see how we're doing that. But it's not the -- we're not going to lay off people and we're not going to take some Draconian steps. All of the things are very well-thought-out, and we're very confident we can achieve them, and I think you'll be surprised at the magnitude. The organic expansion in Europe and China, they make great contributions with IP or IE. That's not the issue with the domestic operations. The issue is the linehaul operations, because it costs the same amount of money to put up a unit of capacity whether you're flying it full of IP or IE. And so I think you will see, commensurate with the outlook that we're talking about, FedEx Express being very cautious about adding capacity, unless it's competitively differentiated, and then moving the lower-yielding traffic into the right network, which is what Dave was talking about. But we'll see you on October 9 and 10, and you'll get a lot of detail on that.
Alan B. Graf: Just to finish the thought up, yes, there will be a significant amount of SG&A reduction around all FedEx Corporation on top of what we're doing at Express, and that would be my part of the show.
T. Michael Glenn: Yes, and Alan's right, and Fred, of course, is right. We're going to talk about international opportunities there and how our linehaul and our networks reposition to handle the right products in the right network. The same is true in the United States. We have worked on this for many months, and you'll be, I think, surprised, as Fred pointed out, the magnitude of the numbers. And, of course, our aircraft fleets, we're going to talk a lot about that as well. That's been a big upside to our profitability going forward, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski from Barclays.
Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Maybe just to follow up on the themes that we're hearing on this call, should we be thinking this push towards deferred air products is more structural in nature? The shippers tried in these softer times, what are some of the fences that you guys can enact when things maybe get a little bit more urgent in the future to push people back into those higher-revenue segments?
Frederick W. Smith: The movement between Priority and Economy is essentially driven by the macroeconomic situation relative to the capacity. And so if the economic outlook changes, people buy the Priority Services in order to assure that they get moved on the time frame that they're looking at. It's really an arbitrage. Now having said that, on a systemic basis, as the price of fuel has gone up inexorably, almost, over the last decade, what you're seeing are these big trends that I talked about a little earlier. The air cargo market in its traditional definition is not growing. The door-to-door Express portion of it is growing relative to the overall market, and the -- a lot of traffic is moving onto the water because moving goods by air is very energy-intensive. So a huge part of these things, of what's going on, is driven by the price of fuel, and that's going to change people's decisions on manufacturing and supply chains. So we're going to talk about that on October 9 and 10. But you can't have jet fuel going up to close to $4 a gallon on occasion without it having a big effect on the choices people make in terms of the speed, price trade-off and the decision as to whether to move bulk commodities by air or on the water.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso from Crédit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Actually, that leads into my question. It seems like you're in a bit of a tough spot where there are some secular shifts, like you said, towards ocean away from air. And at the same time, you also need to make your air network more fuel-efficient, so you're upgrading your air fleet. But in the short run, that seems to be leaving you with very little excess cash flow. You're running close to 9% CapEx as a percent of sales. Do you expect it to persist at that level, leaving you with limited free cash flow over the next 2 or 3 years?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, I don't know where you came up with the term limited cash flow. I think our cash flow's very strong. And we have done 2 major things with the Express fleet. One is we have deferred deliveries of the 777s, because we are not going to escalate the scheduled aircraft in the near term, and we have accelerated the replacement of the MD-10s with 767s, which provide a high ROIC, and they're 30% more fuel-efficient. And we're going to continue to do that. And the reason we're going to continue to do that is because we have such strong cash flows. I mean, our EBITDA is going to be very large this year, so it's not like we're not making money. I mean, we've given a $6.20 to $6.60 range. And if you do the math, I think you'll find out our cash flows are very strong.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Vernon from Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just a question on the domestic volume change. It looks like the deferred volumes are the weakest of the bunch, and I'm wondering if that was sort of a customer-specific thing or if that is something else that's going on in the U.S. domestic landscape.
T. Michael Glenn: David, this is Mike. As I mentioned earlier, almost half the decline in the Express domestic segment was due to one large customer who shifted from a largely deferred Express solution to Ground and SmartPost as a way to optimize their supply chain during the weaker economy. So that was the primary driver during the quarter regarding the deferred traffic.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So you're not seeing a greater than sort of market decline in deferred outside of that one large account?
T. Michael Glenn: We're certainly seeing some pressure on deferred traffic levels. As you would expect to see any time when you have a weak economy, there's some trade-down from deferred to Ground. There's some trade-down from Ground to Freight in the larger shipments. So certainly the economy is having an effect on that, but the primary issue is one large customer.
Frederick W. Smith: Let me just say what I've said on a couple of occasions here, and again, we'll talk more about it in October. The company doesn't view its individual segments as stand-alone businesses. I mean, we manage the system as part of a portfolio. And I think we've been pretty good in forecasting where the market was going. I mean, that's why we bought Caliber, that's why we upgraded FedEx Ground so that it's now the fastest ground system out there. It's making a lot of money. It's because we understood that that's where the market was going. As Dave Bronczek mentioned, we've expanded over the last 3 years our FedEx Trade Network significantly, so we're now a major player in a much broader international trade marketplace than we were just a few years ago. I think the one thing that has changed faster than we would have anticipated, and it is directly related to the policy choices made at the governmental level, is the price of fuel. And the price of fuel, if you plot it over the last 10 years, it's really quite astounding. And it's a little bit like a frog being boiled quickly or boiled slowly. I mean, it jumps out if you boil it quickly. But when you do it slowly, it sits there and gets cooked. So the world economy has absorbed an incredible increase in the price of fuel, and that has had very big implications on the way people think about supply chains on their decisions to move ocean or whether they move things by air. There's a great logistician up at MIT that said if it keeps going, the places where you ought to put manufacturing plants are Mexico and Eastern Europe. So it's not by accident that FedEx made a great acquisition in Mexico, which is just going barnburners, the MultiPack, and in Poland, in OPEC. So I think the only thing that's been at issue here is that the growth rates have been far below what everyone would have wanted because of policy choices. And secondarily, the increased price of fuel combined with those macroeconomic issues have slowed the growth of exports and, secondarily, they've made people trade down, whether it's in the domestic market or in the U.S. market. But none of this was -- we didn't miss any of it. We did all of the right things. It's just here late in the last few months, it's been very disappointing in terms of the macroeconomic environment.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mickey Foster for any closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in our first quarter earnings release conference call. We look forward to seeing you at our Investor Meeting here in Memphis on October 9 and 10. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions about FedEx. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation today.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-06-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster Frederick W. Smith - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President of Market Development & Corporate Communications, Chief Executive Officer of Fedex Services - Sub and President of Fedex Services - Sub Alan B. Graf - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David F. Rebholz - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Ground Package System Inc and President of FedEx Ground Package System Inc David J. Bronczek - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express and President of FedEx Express William J. Logue - Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-End 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. First, I want to remind you that we're planning an investor meeting here in Memphis on Tuesday and Wednesday, October 9 and 10. Registration information will be e-mailed to you in the next few weeks. The fourth quarter earnings release and our 25-page stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay and podcast will be available for approximately 1 year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. [Operator Instructions] I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions for the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. In our earnings release, we will include certain non-GAAP financial measures which we may discuss on this call. Please refer to the release available on our website for further discussion of these measures and a reconciliation of them to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. To the extent we disclose any other non-GAAP financial measures on the call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO, who's dialing in; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express, who's also dialing in; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Welcome to our discussion of operating and financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012. Following my brief remarks, Mike Glenn, as we started to do at the last one of these meetings, will address our economic outlook and yield situation first, and then Alan Graf will offer an overview of our financial results and outlook. Prior to FY '12, we committed to you that we would increase earnings, margins, returns on invested capital and cash flows, and we have done so. I'd like to thank the more than 300,000 FedEx team members around the world who turned in a world-class performance during a very volatile and challenging year. We had, of course, exceptional performance by FedEx Ground, and the powerful new value proposition at FedEx Freight and improved yields across all transportation segments fueled these outstanding results. We also will continue positioning our company for the long term. In this regard, last week, FedEx Express completed the acquisition of the Polish company, OPEC. During the fourth quarter, Express announced agreements to acquire companies that serve domestic markets in France and Brazil. We've also opened scores of new stations in Europe as part of an aggressive organic expansion strategy and we're very pleased with our progress there. Let me cut to the chase about FY '13. We again are stating to you unequivocally we believe we will continue to improve earnings, margins, returns on invested capital and cash flows, and I would add that the earnings guidance that Alan will talk with you about does not include the effects of significant cost reduction programs currently under review that we believe should be announced in the fall. Let me now turn the call over to Mike Glenn. Mike?
T. Michael Glenn: Good morning. FedEx's economic outlook calls for moderate growth to continue in the U.S. and global economy. Our forecast calls for calendar year '12 U.S. GDP growth to be 2.2% and industrial production growth to be 4.3%. For calendar year '13, we expect GDP growth of 2.4%, and our outlook is largely in line with the consensus economic forecast. We expect calendar year '12 world GDP forecast to be 2.4%. It's important to point out that successful management of the debt crisis in Europe and the avoidance of significant tax increases next year in the U.S. are important assumptions in our forecast. Turning to yield, FedEx continued to do an outstanding job managing our yields. Excluding the impact of fuel, year-over-year Express domestic package yield increased to over 5%. The increase was driven by price, rate and discount improvement followed by favorable service and customer mix changes. In the Ground segment, our yield increased 4%, including the impact of fuel. The year-over-year increase was driven by list rate and discount improvement, followed by an increase in extra service charges. On the international front, excluding fuel, IP yield increased almost 2% year-over-year, with improvement being driven by weight and rate and discount changes. And finally, in the Freight segment, excluding the impact of fuel, yield per hundredweight increased 1.5% year-over-year. The increase was primarily driven by pricing rate changes. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Alan Graf.
Alan B. Graf: Thank you very much, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share was $1.99, up 14% year-over-year, excluding a previously announced $0.26 per share aircraft impairment charge at Express. Despite a global economy that was softer than expected, our FY '12 adjusted earnings per share was $6.59, up 34% from fiscal year '11. Overall, our FY '12 adjusted operating margin increased to 7.7% versus 6.5% last year, on 9% higher revenue. At our Ground segment, operating margin increased to 20% in Q4, as Ground continued to efficiently manage expenses while improving the networks for quicker deliveries and continued growth. At Freight, operating margin climbed to 5.8%, which is the highest fourth quarter margin since 2008. Our Freight segment profitability should continue to improve due to volume growth, base yield improvements and the network design changes that are increasing our operational efficiencies. Result has been a strong turnaround in Freight that will continue in FY '13. Express Q4 operating margins declined year-over-year, primarily due to a $134 million aircraft impairment charge and declining package volumes. A demand shift toward lower yielding International services also negatively impacted margins. We anticipate revenue and earnings growth in 2013 despite modest growth in the global economy. We believe U.S. domestic and global economic conditions will be impacted by the European debt crisis, slowing growth in Asia and the uncertainty these issues create on the global economy and the demand for our services. These weaker global economic conditions have driven a shift by our customers from premium services to our deferred products, and we expect that trend to continue in 2013. Our anticipated earnings growth in '13 is predicated on continued improvement in profitability at our FedEx Freight segment and a sustained strong performance of our FedEx Ground segment. International revenue growth and productivity enhancements at FedEx Express should also contribute to our earnings growth in 2013. However, headwinds in pension expense will hamper earnings growth in 2013, as a historically low discount rate at our May 31, 2012, measurement date will increase these costs by approximately $150 million. During 2013, we will continue to evaluate opportunities to reduce costs, improve efficiencies and adjust our networks to match anticipated demand. Initial actions were taken in 2012, as we made the decision to permanently retire 24 aircraft at FedEx Express to better align the U.S. domestic air network capacity to match current and anticipated shipment volumes. In addition, we remain focused on modernizing our aircraft fleet at FedEx Express by adding newer aircraft that are more reliable, fuel-efficient and technologically advanced and retiring older, less efficient aircraft. These actions will improve margins at Express. Our capital expenditures for 2013 are expected to decrease to approximately $3.9 billion, with fewer aircraft deliveries in 2013. We will continue to evaluate investments in critical, long-term strategic projects to ensure our capital expenditures generate high returns on investments and are balanced with our global outlook for economic conditions. Looking at the FedEx Express segment, we expect to increase revenues in 2013 in our international services and improve yields across all Express services as we continue to focus on our yield management programs. We do anticipate a slight decline in U.S. domestic package revenue in 2013 due to lower volumes. We anticipate improved operating results due to productivity enhancements, including continued improvement in on-road productivity, air operations initiatives and ongoing realignment of our U.S. domestic air networks. Express is developing a detailed operating cost structure plan to further improve its operational efficiency and we plan to discuss this with you in the fall. Turning to the Ground segment. We expect continued growth in operating income at the Ground segment in 2013 due to volume and yield increases, as well as through productivity enhancements, including automation of the planning and execution of free load and pickup and delivery processes. Ground will also install GPS devices on all trailers and dollies to improve fleet management. At Freight, we anticipate revenue growth in 2013 from yield and volume improvement due to our unique value proposition. Freight operating income is expected to increase significantly in 2013 from this revenue growth and from continued improvement in productivity and efficiency across our integrated network. We will continue to use investments in technology, focused on network and equipment planning and customer automation to further enhance customer service levels during 2013. Looking at the balance sheet. At May 31, 2012, we recorded a decrease to equity through other comprehensive income of $2.4 billion net of tax to reflect unrealized actuarial losses in our pension plan during FY '12, resulting from a decline in the discount rate and mark-to-market accounting. Despite this charge to equity, our balance sheet remains very strong, with cash of $2.8 billion and debt of $1.7 billion. Our effective tax rate was 35.3% in FY '12 and was lower than FY '11, primarily due to favorable audit developments. We estimate our effective tax rate for FY '13 will be in the 37% to 38% range depending on the strength in specific country source of our international earnings. During FY '12, permanent reinvestment benefited our rate by 1.3 percentage points. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Let's see. I wanted to ask you about the, let's see, the restructuring in a sense that you gave us some initial information on fleet reduction, it sounded like in that release that a lot of the aircraft that you were reducing or retiring were actually already parked. And I think one of the things we're trying to figure out is what's the magnitude of potential capacity takeout that you have. So I understand you're saving a lot of this for the fall, but I was wondering if you could give us kind of a directional comment on what -- how big is the opportunity to actually take out capacity in Domestic Express.
Frederick W. Smith: I think we'll wait until the fall to talk about that because it's a comprehensive program and I'm not sure we could do it justice here on a telephone call.
Operator: And we'll hear next from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: When you guys think about your networks, as I see them right now, I mean, especially in Express, in the domestic market, how much of what's being moved in the Express market could really find a home in Ground? And I guess, as you've seen this accelerated Ground growth and continue to see strong margin improvement there, Fred, I think you talked to getting to a 20% goal last quarter. You're there now. Where does the bogey move to? So a 2-part question, how much from Express could move into Ground? And as you get that density, how much better can Ground margins get?
Frederick W. Smith: Justin, first, I think it's important to point out that the growth in the Ground segment is largely driven by superior value proposition, which is based on a significantly faster network and outstanding service levels. And the Ground also benefited from some growth in the e-commerce sector. Having said that, any time you see softness in the economy, you see some mode shift where customers reevaluate their supply chains and look to see if they could rely on a slower mode of transportation in some cases or the lack of a time-definite service. So we do see some of that. We work with customers to put their products in the right network that's going to benefit them and, of course, benefit FedEx as well. So it's hard to put a specific number on that because it gets down to the requirements of individual customers in terms of what their needs are.
David F. Rebholz: Justin, this is Dave Rebholz. First of all, let me make the comment that every day, we strive for improved margins and service. And that's not lost commitment on the entire organization and they'd buy into it because that's how we grow. Having said that, there were a lot of headwinds into Q4. You heard me tease you previously about my boss with me, which was totally appropriate. The reality here is, is that we had a lot of good things come together. We had great revenue growth, as Mike already mentioned, on the yields. We had great volume growth, both in Ground and Home, as was evidenced earlier by the additional surcharges we benefited from, and SmartPost. So we're a healthy proposition. We will continue to strive for 20% each and every quarter. I don't know that I can commit that each and every quarter. What I can commit to is that we will continue to improve our performance, both on a margin and service basis so that we differentiate ourselves in the marketplace. And so far, it's playing out very well for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Ross with Stifel, Nicolaus.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you tell me a little bit about the international traffic trends? Is European Express traffic generally getting worse as Asia might be getting a little bit better? And then on air freight capacity in Asia, has it been rightsized or people still pulling plains out of that market?
T. Michael Glenn: David, this is Mike. Let me comment about overall traffic levels, if I can, in the quarter. Clearly, the softness in the global economy impacted IP volumes, with the Asia Pacific being impacted the most during the quarter. However, I think it's important to point out that the weakness in APAC was largely driven by specific customers in the tech sectors and how they handled product launches. So if you excluded that issue, IP volumes would've been positive year-over-year during the quarter, and that's an important thing to point out. So APAC was impacted the most, with the other segments performing much better.
Alan B. Graf: This is Alan. Europe's actually performing very well through this crisis. We're very pleased with how that's performing, and I'll turn it over to Dave Bronczek to get his comment as well.
David J. Bronczek: Yes. [Audio Gap] They're both exactly correct. I mean, Mike commented on the high-tech sector hadn't -- we had such a big increase in one customer last year in the fourth quarter. Across the board, we would actually have an increase in IP volume. In Europe, as is pointed out, I think several times on the last few quarters, continues for FedEx Express to perform and outperform quarter on top of quarter. So we've seen very good results from our European business.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: In Express, you talked about the growth in the deferred services, and does this include a modal shift from the air to the ocean? Or is it mainly just a shift from a premium air product to a more economy air product?
David J. Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek again. Yes, there is a shift into some more of our FTN network. Our FedEx trade network is handling more traffic, specifically out of Asia, on the ocean. But some of the traffic has shifted from international priority into international deferred, and we're adjusting our network to handle that and handle it more profitably. So I think it is the combination of both.
Frederick W. Smith: I think, in the larger perspective, over several years now, it's very clear that the door-to-door Express segment is growing, the movement of goods on the water is growing and traditional Airport-to-Airport commodity airfreight is not growing.
David J. Bronczek: And if I could just add one other comment, I think Fred's exactly correct. You're seeing a lot of companies that just have traditional freighters are finding it very difficult out in the marketplace these days with high fuel costs and relatively low yields on their freight. So the question that was asked earlier is the capacity coming down, at some degree, that's correct with these all freighter parts of people's businesses and companies in general. I think that's exactly correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Helane Becker with Dahlman Rose.
Helane R. Becker - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: Can I just please ask the question about Europe specifically? When you say that Europe is doing well relatively speaking, are you talking about within Europe or you're talking about Europe outbound, Europe inbound, Asia-Europe? Can you just like put some color on to that?
Alan B. Graf: Helane, this is Alan. I'll let Dave go. As we've been talking about for several quarters now, we have a very aggressive organic expansion going on inside Europe. And so we're gaining new customers and new business every day as a result of that expansion. It's working very well for us. So really, across the board, we're very pleased with how well that management team is executing. As you know, we bought the company in Poland, bought the company in France. So despite the turmoil over there, we probably are a little bit more bullish on Europe than others as a result of what we've been doing.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, I'll just add my comments. Europe in general is very profitable. They're doing exceptionally well. They have a very focused, detailed plan on improving service, opening up markets, adding salespeople. We're actually opening up one station per week in Europe, very, very successfully. The international side is growing and profitable as well. So really across the board, to Alan's comments, we're doing very well in Europe.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ben Hartford with Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Dave Bronczek, maybe could you talk a little bit about utilization trends in -- between the 2 networks? If I look at Domestic Express versus international Express or IP, can you talk a little bit about utilization relative to one another and then maybe where each stand against the historical benchmark?
David J. Bronczek: Yes, I'd be glad to. For example, in the domestic flight hours, I'll use that example, we actually are down 3% or 2,000 hours per year year-over-year over the fourth quarter. On the international side, our international pounds are actually up. So IP and IP freight are up. So even though there's a shift into some deferred, actually we're flying more pounds. So we're actually reducing and looking at our domestic network closely to match more of the volume to the weight and to the lift, so there is a shift. It may not be apparent to you, so I thought I'd point that out. The same is actually true on our global FTEs. In the global FTEs, we actually have been acquiring some companies that are fitting in very nicely for our quality service and worldwide coverage expansion. On the other side, because of the domestic volumes coming down slightly, we're adjusting the FTEs there. And again, for example, our U.S. domestic FTEs have come down 3% in the fourth quarter, and that's over 2,600 FTEs, while they may be growing in some other parts of the world, like India and Europe and Asia, so we are always looking at this balance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Alan, at the Investor Day 2 years ago, you gave some aspirational targets about EPS trajectory versus previous recoveries. And so we're running a little bit below trend, but not materially so. But I'm curious, the cost initiatives that we potentially could see underway here, particularly at Express, do you think those are enough to get you back to that trajectory? Or is improving macro really required here to hit those kind of aspirational goals?
Alan B. Graf: Yes, I think a couple of years ago, Bill, we were looking at GDP for the U.S. and global to be better than they've actually been. They're moderate, they're not strong. And I think for our aspirational goals, we needed a little bit stronger growth than what we've had and what we're actually looking for. So having said that, we now realize we've got to adjust the networks that we built for higher GDP growth than we're actually seeing. So right now the opportunity, I think, is good. We are ongoingly taking out costs as we speak, and we'll come back to you in the fall with some more things that we're going to do to continue to do that. I think that will be 2/3 of the issue. As the economy improves at some point, we have a lot of leverage in these networks. And a very small improvement on GDP percentage point growth comes to the bottom line very rapidly, so that will provide us with the other 1/3 towards our aspirational goals. So it's sort of 2/3-1/3.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.
Brandon R. Oglenski - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just a real quick one on the guidance and then maybe longer term on the same issue. Can we just know what your fuel estimates are for your guidance range? And then it looks like when we've seen jet fuel cross the $3 threshold, we've seen a pretty big degradation in Express package demand globally. Is there any enthusiasm that you guys are seeing in the marketplace? So maybe if we can keep oil crisis around where they are right now, you could potentially see better growth rates ahead?
Alan B. Graf: I'll take the first part and then I'll turn it over to Mike for the second. As we say, every release we come out with, that the current guidance is for fuel prices to be stable where they are. Now whether or not that'll hold will remain to be seen, and let me turn the demand question over to Mike.
T. Michael Glenn: Thank you, Alan. I think it's important to note that fuel prices are just one component of the equation. Clearly, the economy and the moderate growth that we're seeing to the bigger issue, and I think customers in general are being fairly conservative in terms of how they're managing their supply chains until they see a little stronger growth. But certainly, lower fuel prices will help.
Alan B. Graf: And just to remind everybody, it's not so much the price changes, it just how rapidly they move up and down because we have this 6-week lag between the surcharge and the -- into plain costs.
Operator: And we'll now hear from Christian Wetherbee with Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Maybe talking a little bit about the underlying assumptions within the first quarter guidance just strikes me as a little bit, I guess, softer than maybe the trend would suggest. I guess maybe if you could give us a sense of what you're seeing so far in the month of June and particularly on the Domestic Express side, if volumes look like they're trending kind of in line with what we saw in the fourth quarter, if they're kind of better or weaker?
T. Michael Glenn: Christian, I would say they're trending more in line with what we saw in the fourth quarter. And I think it's important to point out that in the first calendar quarter, the Express overnight market declined 1% in volume. But if you exclude the strength in the lightweight e-commerce sector, the decline was certainly more in line with the numbers that we reported. We've been fairly selective in pursuing lightweight e-commerce, residential delivery, overnight express traffic. I think that's one of the main reasons why our yields excluding fuel have improved over 5% relative to the market in general. So we'll continue to balance our volume and yield management activities, but I would say certainly more in line with what we've seen.
Alan B. Graf: And if you just consider the pension and employee cost headwinds and the higher tax rate, I mean, we had last year, that also plays into headwinds for the first quarter, which is why we're working so hard to get to the fall time frame to get our cost structure better acclimated to the volumes we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I was thinking about it, Mike, you gave the view on industrial production for calendar '12, but not for calendar '13. I'm assuming it's 3% or stronger. When was the last time you saw 3% to 4% industrial production growth and declining domestic package volumes? I mean, is there that much inventory in the system that customers can manage it that more tightly or is it something else?
T. Michael Glenn: We're not seeing declining domestic package volumes. We -- you keep segregating the Express from the Ground. It's one basic market, so it's important to focus on that.
Unknown Executive: Jeff, let me add. We've had all the way back to -- if you look back to Q1 of '11, it was 4.4%. In Q3, it was 5.3%. So as Fred pointed out, if you look at our parcel traffic as a whole, we perform quite nicely relative to the market. We've been gaining market share in that regard. But clearly, customers are manning -- managing their supply chains relatively conservatively given the moderate economic outlook.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: When you think about cost cutting, are you willing to cut into the service levels? Or just so we understand, is that in violate in terms of the larger picture, in terms of service center and aircraft domestic cuts? And then on the International, if you see IP growing so slow, is -- are there any opportunities to stall the 777 deliveries any further?
David J. Bronczek: Well, let me jump in here and answer both questions first, and then Fred may want to follow up on that. But in terms of the fleet for International, as you probably are aware, we moved some of our 777s back when we announced the 767s prior to this. So we actually have done some of the fleet adjusting already, which is actually why some of our CapEx is -- might be better in FY '13. Give me your first question again, Ken.
Alan B. Graf: I got it, Dave. I'll handle it. It's Alan. Ken, several things here. First, we continue to work on our fleet. We continue to work on the size of the Ground network. I think it's important to understand what Mike said. It's one market, so our growth there is pretty strong. And so we have opportunities here, but be sure that you understand, we are going to improve service levels in every transportation segment while we reduce our costs.
Frederick W. Smith: This is Fred Smith here. I think that it's very important to understand our philosophy in that regard. We have people coming from all over the world to study our management system, which we call Quality-Driven Management or QDM. And the facts of the matter are that improved service levels actually decrease cost, they don't add to cost because they take out rework mistakes, lost customers and so forth. So we are very committed in FY '13 to doing the same thing we've done for the last 30 years through the use of our quantitative management systems to steadily improve the customer experience, not degrade it at all.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, let me add to Fred's comment because he's exactly right. At FedEx Express, I'm sure Dave Rebholz and Billy at FedEx Freight and Ground are the same. We even now had 12 consecutive years of improving service at FedEx Express, our world-class service. In FY '13, it improves again, once again to the 13th year. On top of that, we have cost initiatives that are prudent and they're in the plan, and we are going to talk about them in October. So we're going to be doing both, and the 2 go hand-in-hand.
Alan B. Graf: We'll be accelerating day savings in Ground. We'll be adding to our First Overnight product, our Saturday zips. We've got a lot of service enhancements across the board that'll be coming in FY '13.
T. Michael Glenn: We have an e-mail question for Bill Logue. It's a 2-part question. I'll give you the first part here, Bill. What's the average age of the FedEx Freight fleet currently? And will we see FY '13 Freight CapEx in the same level as the FY '12 level of $340 million?
William J. Logue: Well, again, as far as the age of the fleet, we're slightly above kind of normal historical trends. And as you saw, we made a good investment here in FY '12 in the fleet and we will be making a very similar investment in FY '13 going forward. So we're happy where we are. We had an opportunity with the -- when we networks together, so we're in good shape from a fleet perspective. And again, most of the capital will go towards replacements.
Alan B. Graf: Longer term, this is Alan, I hope we have the opportunity to invest more in Freight for its growth but also for technology changes on energy-efficient engines and, hopefully, 33-foot hubs [ph].
Mickey Foster: The second part of the question here for Bill is with the best OR performance for Freight since 2008 at 94.2%, what further OR gains from technology investments like GPS initiatives at the dock and dolly level and customer automation initiatives can we expect? This is from William Flin [ph] of Potomac.
William J. Logue: Two important issues for us in FY '13. First and foremost, number one is on our network design. We've learned a lot in the last 16 months, and obviously, every opportunity we get, we continue to adjust it. And as you saw in our release, we're making some significant adjustments in July designed to improve our efficiency, so we're excited about that. At the same time, we'll be speeding up about 6,000 lanes with that same move. So very important change for our network in July and also designed to give great and improve our customer service. And as far as technology, again, '12 and '13 are important years for us as we transition to our Eden Project, which basically automates a lot of our pickup and delivery and dispatch opportunities, as well as our dock and yard, which come on board later this year, which really kind of enhance and make our dock -- movement in our dock and yard interface much more automated and much more efficient for the network. So we're in a very good phase of our rollout and expect to see very positive results from both those initiatives.
Operator: And our next question comes from Donald Broughton with Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: This question is for Bill as well. We saw, what, 4% increase in volume and a 4% increase in pricing on freights. If you had your druthers, would you rather have a little bit more volume or a little bit more of the yield in order to optimize your profitability?
T. Michael Glenn: Donald, this is Mike. I'll comment first and then let Bill add anything he'd like. The advantage that we're in right now is that customers really value our differentiated network and the value proposition that we have. They like the choice of party in economy and our sales team is doing a great job helping customers understand how these services will assist them in managing their supply chain. I think we're in a very good position right now in that we can balance the volume and yield growth through the benefits of the operating company, and we are being selectively aggressive where appropriate and then managing yields where also appropriate in terms of improving existing customers' operating ratio and things of that nature. So I'd say we're in a pretty good spot right now in terms of the strength of our volumes and our ability to manage yields as we go through FY '13.
William J. Logue: Don, I'll just add on that. Again, great job by Mike and his team on bringing on some very good volume for us at the appropriate yield. As we move into '13, as I tell the team internally, 3 objectives. Number one is continue the yield improvement, which, obviously, is we're very laser-focused on that; more volume at the right yield; and then as I mentioned earlier the network design is really important to really move this volume efficiently through our network to put it to the bottom line. So the team is very engaged on it.
T. Michael Glenn: Let me just add, Donald, that one of the advantages of our revenue management committee where our sales and marketing team works with the operating companies on a weekly basis is we can actually fine-tune the strategy as we go through the quarter and the year. So there'll be some periods where we have a little bit more volume focus and there'll be some periods where we have a bit more yield focus. So that's the advantage of working so closely together with our revenue management team, as we're always in sync with the operating company on what's going to benefit them most.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So I got a quick thing I want to clarify on the guidance, and then a longer-term question. So in terms of the guidance for fiscal '13, are you -- I know the broad restructuring, there's no savings in there. But are you assuming any fuel and maintenance savings from the aircraft retirements already announced? And then on the longer-term question, it feels like some carriers are benefiting from tech launches and others aren't. What's your sense of what's driving changes in carrier decisions from customers like Apple? And is there anything strategically you think you need to do to be better positioned for future tech launches?
Frederick W. Smith: I think that's 2 questions, but I'll answer the first one. Yes, there would be some savings from the retired aircraft, but remember our depreciation express is going up because we shortened the lives on the ones that we did not retire. So they should about offset each other for the year.
Alan B. Graf: To switch gears, you're going to get a significant improvement as we continue with this fleet modernization program. This is a very big part of achieving double-digit margins at Express. As to the product launches, let me comment on this briefly and then ask Dave Bronczek and Mike Glenn to weigh in on it because we've mentioned this over the last couple of years. This is a very big strategic issue in what's going on in the "air cargo market" defined in the broadest sense. And the segments, as I said earlier, are the Express and the traditional door-to-door commodity airfreight. The important thing in FedEx in terms of product launches is that we benefit from our scale. I mean, we have 100 long-range, wide-body airplanes. So our ability to put up additional capacity for these episodial launches is much easier than it is if you're a smaller carrier, and that's going to continue, I think, for some period of time. Mike? Dave?
T. Michael Glenn: Let me just comment that I think the product launch decisions move much further up the supply chain than just looking at the transportation. Clearly, when there's more flexibility on the manufacturing side, there are certain companies that want to use forward deployment models. When the schedules are much tighter, obviously, they use more express-type models. So the same customer for one product launch might use one model and then use a different model the next product launch simply because of activities going on much further up the supply chain. So the good news for us is we have the flexibility to work with these customers regardless of the model they elect to go with, and that's what we've been doing.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, let me just add, this is right in the wheelhouse strength of FedEx Express. I mean, when customers move into the interior of China, for example, we're right there with them. And with our 777 aircraft, now we can fly nonstop to Europe, nonstop back into the United States hubs. We have 2 hours to sometimes 3 hours later pickups, which is very significant for these customers and get the earliest delivery. With our First Overnight, you can get it by 8:00 a.m. I mean, so it's right in the strength in the wheelhouse of FedEx Express.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Chris Ceraso with Crédit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I have a question about the Domestic Express business. Do you see that business as being past the point of maturity and now into a decline phase? And so what do you think that means for the potential margin in Express? Do you still think you can get to double digits at some point and how do you do that?
David J. Bronczek: I think that's a difficult question to answer at this stage largely because of the modern economic activity that we're seeing. If we were seeing more trend-like economic growth, I think obviously the Domestic Express business would benefit. Having said that, we manage the organization as a portfolio and we're constantly working with customers to make sure we're putting the right product in the right network. But clearly, I think once we see more trend-like economic growth, that'll be an easier question to call.
David J. Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek again. And we -- at Express, we look at this as a global business for Express. The United States is just one more region of the world. So as the regions develop offshore and as the growth continues in the higher-yielding IP products and so forth, that the combination of all of it, including our cost decisions in the United States and our growth decisions in International, yes, we see Express into double-digit margins, all up collectively.
Frederick W. Smith: I think it's important to focus on the longer-term strategy, which we've mentioned several times over the years, but let me just reiterate it. Our portfolio of our operating companies was put together to complement or execute, I guess would be a better way, the strategy, and that was to produce at FedEx Ground the market-leading, fastest and most efficient ground parcel company. And we have largely done that. It is a formidable competitor now in the marketplace and the results show that. For many years now, we have felt that the Express market was a global market. Many of the products that 10 years ago we might have moved in the "Domestic Express" market are now moving internationally from a foreign origin point to a domestic location or between emerging markets. So our strategy was to increase substantially the International revenues of Express. And as Dave mentioned, the United States is just one, an important and a big one, but one node on that international network. The only thing that's basically changed in our strategy is that because of the policy decisions around the world, the international growth has been lower than we had anticipated. And some of the customers in the international marketplace, not dissimilar to FedEx Freight or, for that matter, FedEx Ground, with its FedEx SmartPost service, they opt, in times of low growth, for the more economical, slower service and we've seen a significant growth in the Express segment, in the international economy package service, International Economy Freight service, International Economy Distribution service. So Dave Bronczek and his team are rightsizing Express and modernizing Express to meet the revised outlook for global growth, but we are firmly convinced that we can get Express to double-digit margins because of the significant contribution levels of the international traffic as it moves through the network regardless of its origin and destination. Put a different way, again, I think it's unfortunate to some degree that we have to report Domestic and International and Express because we don't look at it that way. It's one network. We haven't added a pound of "domestic airlift capacity" in years. The capacity in the United States is driven by the movement of intercontinental traffic that's moving through the network, to and from the hubs and onto an International destination or from an International destination to a U.S. destination -- from an International origin to U.S. destination. So I hope I’ve clarified that again. And it's very important to understand that we were quite confident that given any sort of growth rates in the International marketplace, that we can achieve those goals for Express as Alan Graf said a little earlier on a 2/3-1/3 basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Nesvold with Jefferies.
H. Peter Nesvold - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I have a longer-term question for Fred. Fred, I've heard you speak a few times in the past about how ocean freight is becoming more of a competitive substitute to international air freight. In the past, when FedEx has made really big bets or big calls like that, you've acquired something and sort of Asia comes to mind, the Ground business comes to mind, LTL. When you look at FedEx Trade Networks today, do you feel that you have sufficient capacity in that business in order to really capitalize on this bigger and longer-term trend? Or do you need to do something strategically bolt-on, perhaps, in ocean freight forwarder in order to really capitalize on this long-term trend?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, fortunately, we're in a position that we don't have to make any acquisitions in any sector. And we have selectively made some great bolt-on acquisitions. We've got a great corporate development group. Alan and I both have described to you the criteria we use for acquisitions. We'll do so again in October, but we're very disciplined in that regard. But to go down the list again, we just have a wonderful company in the United Kingdom we bought several years ago. We've got a great team down in Mexico that we acquired through an acquisition. We've made 2 terrific acquisitions that fit like a glove in Europe, we think, with TATEX in France to be closed here shortly and OPEC, which was disclosed. We have a great company in Brazil, we've had a long-term relationship. Now in the sea freight area, we have got a wonderful team that's headed by Fred Schardt. And Fred works for Mike Ducker and Dave Bronczek. And I think the deployment of FedEx Trade Networks over the last few years has been one of our great success stories and I'm not sure has gotten the recognition that it should. But they are a formidable competitor that's achieved scale very quickly. And Dave, you may want to comment on that because it's growing at a very rapid level.
David J. Bronczek: Well, it really is, Fred. And we're seeing the combination of that great team that Fred Schardt has in place, not only in Asia but around the world. And we're capitalizing on that with our tremendous international global powerhouse where we're gaining customers in that bundle almost weekly now. So we think that there's a big opportunity to leverage exactly your question, Peter, in the strength of that network going forward. But if there's opportunities in the future, we'll always take a look at them. But right now, we're very confident that we'll continue to grow and grow profitably there.
Frederick W. Smith: But you're exactly right. Sea freight has gotten a lot better over the last few years. And you're seeing more daily sailings, you're seeing better reliability from the container carriers. The information systems are much better, and right at the top of the list is the information system we developed for FedEx Trade Networks. It's got that high-quality FedEx IT capabilities. The customers love it and that's why we're closing a lot of that business. And of course, on the U.S. side, in particular, the FTN product and the more economy-minded shipping or the lower value per pound shipping fits like a hand in a glove into FedEx Freight and FedEx Ground. So we have a compelling value proposition there and there's no requirement to make an acquisition. Obviously, we're always looking for opportunities, but we have no requirement to make an acquisition to be successful in that area. But think it is a high-growth area and a high ROIC sector, and that's one of the reasons that Alan and I both continue to say we're confident we can improve our returns on a go-forward basis, is in part because of the FTN activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Vernon with Sanford Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So we're hearing a lot about demand for economy-types of services in the international market, and that seems to be a little bit at odds with some of the investments you're making operationally to do a lot of the nonstop flying from Asia. Is that something you guys are looking at as part of the broader restructuring or is that an investment that you think is still going to pay off from a service perspective?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, let me mention a couple of things and ask for Dave to weigh in here. 2 or 3 years ago, our strategy was built around adding 777 as fast as possible into the international marketplace and pushing our MD-11s into the domestic marketplace. The way the market has evolved and given the opportunity to do a mutually attractive transaction with Boeing on the 767s, what we've done is to acquire 767s, which are very efficient relative to the MD-10s and very accretive to Express' earnings and to continue to move the MD-11s into the -- or use the MD-11s into the international system. And the 777 nonstop flights are flown in those markets that need the IP service and the terrific improvement in cutoff times you get from nonstop service. And we're doing more of that this year. But the MD-11 is still a very good airplane, particularly when you come off of Asia and go over our anchorage hub, you don't need the 6,000 nautical mile range. So we've adjusted to what the customers want. And we, just like in freight, have 2 flavors of ice cream: the Priority, which is best-in-class; and then the Economy, which is terrific as well. And what you're talking about is the Priority service is late cutoff times, next-morning delivery to every address in the United States, and the Economy service is a day or 2 longer to any address in the United States. So they're both terrific services and the 777s do the former without equal and the MD-11 is a good workhorse for the International. So that's what's changed is 767s replacing MD-10s in the Domestic business rather than MD-11s, and the MD-11s staying in the International marketplace where they're perfectly adequate for moving the International Economy product line. I hope -- Dave, do you want to add anything?
David J. Bronczek: Yes. Well, Fred said it exactly right. I mean, you're going to see a nice overview of this discussion in October. We're very excited about it because the MD-11s are a perfect airplane for what David, I think, the questioner asked us about for that deferred traffic. In International, the super express freighters on the 777s are perfect for a lot of the high-tech sector and a lot of those customers, the one overnight. So we have beyond what we're going to talk about in the United States in October, we're going to talk about our whole international overview. And we're very excited about that opportunity because we think we have a lot of leverage there. We think we'll make a lot of profits there and we have a lot of opportunity to grow there. So we're going to be showing you that as well in October.
Operator: And that is all the time that we have for our question-and-answer session today. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Mickey Foster for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation fourth quarter earnings release conference call today. We look forward to seeing you at our investor meeting here in Memphis on October 9 and 10. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions about FedEx. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. We do thank you all for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-03-22 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I'm happy to announce that we are holding an investor meeting here in Memphis, so please save Tuesday and Wednesday, October 9 and 10, 2012, on your calendar. We will have more details about the meeting for you in the next few months. The third quarter earnings release and our statistical book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay and podcast download will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. [Operator Instructions].
 I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities and Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on those factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. 
 In our earnings release, we include certain non-GAAP financial measures which we may discuss on this call. Please refer to the release available on our website for a further discussion of these measures and a reconciliation of them to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. To the extent we disclose any other non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. 
 Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO; Alan Graf, the Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter. 
Frederick Smith: Thank you, Mickey, and welcome everyone to the discussion of our strong operating and financial results for the third fiscal quarter of '12. First and foremost, I'd like to thank hundreds of thousands of FedEx team members around the world whose efforts led FedEx to be ranked #6 among the world's most admired companies as determined by Fortune Magazine and its research partner, Hay Group. FedEx has been recognized as among the most admired companies for 12 years and it's an extraordinary feat not achieved without each member's commitment to our Purple Promise, our pledge to make every FedEx experience outstanding. 
 I'd like to make a couple of points relative to the competitive landscape in Europe right off the bat. Now over the years, there have been lots of rumors regarding possible acquisition candidates for TNT that have surfaced periodically, and we have consistently declined to comment on them. Our policy in this regard about corporate development activities remains unchanged. 
 I'd like to make a second point, and that is that FedEx Express has a profitable multibillion-dollar business in Europe and it is growing strongly. And I'm extremely pleased with our operations there and we're very confident in our plans to continue expansion, primarily through organic growth. We believe these plans will continue to improve our competitiveness in Europe and further contribute to profitable international growth, and Dave Bronczek will have some more comments about that. 
 Now I'd like to remind you of the new system we put in place on the last call. We put our earnings release out a half an hour early. It speaks for itself, so my comments have been shortened because you've got more chance to look at the release and we will start our comments with Mike Glenn giving you our economic outlook. And then he'll turn it over to Alan Graf, who will put more color on the numbers. Mike? 
T. Glenn: Thank you, Fred, and good morning. FedEx expects moderate but below trend growth to continue in the U.S. and globally. We expect calendar year '12 U.S. GDP growth to be 2.1% and industrial production growth to be 3.9%. Our GDP outlook is slightly below the blue chip consensus of 2.3% noted in the March 10 release. 
 For calendar year '13, we expect GDP growth at 2.4% versus the consensus of 2.6%. We do expect inventory replenishment and business investment to lead growth in the next few months, and improvement in the job market should support a housing turnaround later this year. 
 Our calendar year world GDP forecast calls for 2.3% growth. We're forecasting a 1.1% GDP growth in developed countries and 5.2% growth in emerging markets. This forecast reflects a slight downgrade since our last earnings call, mostly based on the assumption of a mild recession in the Eurozone this year. Stability in the global oil market remains a macro risk factor. 
 Turning to yields, one of our primary focus areas, the sales revenue management and marketing teams continue to do an excellent job in this area. Excluding fuel, Domestic Express yields increased 6%. Rate and discount and permanent product mix were the primary drivers for the increase. International Priority yield, excluding the impact of fuel, increased about 1.5%, driven by base rate and discount changes, as well as product mix. Ground yields, excluding fuel, increased just under 6%. Rate and discount improvement and extra service fees, as well as primary product mix changes were the primary drivers for the increase. And in the LTL sector, our FedEx Freight yields increased 2%. Again, rate discount and surcharge management were the primary drivers. 
 Now I'd like to turn it over to Alan Graf for his comments. 
Alan Graf: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Strong earnings growth at Ground and our ongoing yield management programs at all of our transportation segments drove improved results for the third quarter. Our adjusted earnings per share was $1.55, which excludes a $0.10 per share legal reserve reversal. Earnings exceeded our guidance of $1.25 to $1.45 this quarter primarily due to better-than-expected Ground results and a lower-than-expected effective tax rate of 34.1% for Q3, primarily due to a favorable onetime tax audit closure for our fiscal years 2007 through 2009. Revenues increased 9% to $10.6 billion from yield increases across all of our transportation segments, as Mike discussed. 
 Now let's look at the segment detail. At our Ground segment, revenues and operating income increased from increased yields and strong demand for FedEx Home Delivery and FedEx SmartPost services. Revenues increased 14% to $2.5 billion due to yield and volume growth at both Ground and SmartPost. Ground's operating margins climbed to 18.8%, as operating income soared 43% to $465 million, primarily due to 8% growth in revenue per package and 5% growth in volume. Ground's spectacular results continue to be driven by the unmatched value proposition of our network, as Ground provides faster service for 25% of the lanes served versus our primary competitor. 
 Turning to Freight, despite a $1 million operating loss, the results from our Freight segment improved significantly due to base yield growth and ongoing improvements and operational efficiencies. Freight revenues increased 10% to $1.2 billion as a result of higher LTL yield and weight per LTL shipment. Meanwhile, our average daily LTL shipments increased 2%, reflecting sequential improvement during the quarter, as well as favorable comparisons caused by severe winter weather last year. While we were pleased with the progress Freight is making, we still have work to do to optimize the network, including improving the mix of traffic and further strengthening yields. 
 At Express, our operating income of $349 million included the reversal of a legal reserve of $66 million associated with the ATA Airlines lawsuit, that was initially recorded in Q2 of FY '11, as we won the case on appeal. Also, a significant net benefit from the timing lag that exists between when fuel prices change and when index fuel surcharges automatically adjust, despite our overall higher fuel costs in the quarter. A mild winter compared to the severe winter last year also helped the quarter. Revenues increased 8% to $6.5 billion, primarily due to an increase in U.S. domestic and IP package yields, partially offset by decreases of 4% for U.S. domestic package volume and 1% for IP package volume. We are evaluating actions to adjust our FedEx U.S. domestic network capacity and improve efficiency, and Dave Bronczek will have more to say on that later. 
 Turning to our outlook, we are expecting earnings per share of $1.75 to $2 per diluted share for the fourth quarter, and an adjusted $6.35 to $6.60 per diluted share for fiscal 2012. This guidance excludes the ATA legal reserve reversal and assumes the current market outlook for fuel prices, most notably jet fuel, with moderate growth from the global economy, as Mike described earlier. We expect strong yields across all of our segments to support corporate-wide revenue and earnings growth in Q4. Our cash flow from operating activities remains solid and increased by $560 million for the first 9 months of FY '12, despite significant higher pension contributions year-to-date of $710 million. 
 I would like to thank all of our team members for their dedication to the Purple Promise and hard work during our peak season. And now we will open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan. 
Thomas Wadewitz: Wanted to get a sense if you could give us some comments on demand within the businesses. I know Mike gave us the economic forecast. But if I look at what you reported, I think the Domestic Express volumes down 4.5% was a bit weaker than I would have expected given what seems to be modest economic growth. So I wonder if you could comment a bit broadly looking forward how do you think that trend changes against a moderate economic backdrop. And then in terms of Asia outbound, I think the comparisons get a little bit easy for you a little later, maybe the heavy weight comparisons are kind of easy in, let's say, April, but what's your outlook for Asia outbound as well? 
T. Glenn: Tom, Mike Glenn here. Let me comment on the Domestic Express part of it and then I'll turn it over to Dave Bronczek to comment on Asia. In the U.S. Domestic Express business, traffic in several of the sectors was weaker on a year-over-year basis. Specifically, the tech sector was a bit weaker, primarily driven by lower volume from the major cell phone companies versus last year. In addition to that, we had some intentional mode shift in that segment to try to get product in the right network to allow us to be more efficient and meet the needs of their customers, while providing a terrific value proposition for them and enhancing the opportunity for us as part of our yield improvement strategy. So that was part of it in the tech sector. Secondarily, economic conditions in the finance, insurance and real estate segment, where we have a heavy presence, we saw traffic down year-over-year there primarily due to economic activity. We did see some competitive losses as part of our yield improvement strategy, although they were significantly less than our expectations and what we had planned for. So we were very pleased with our ability to execute our yield improvement strategy within the parameters that we had set for volume impact. So the combination of all of those things were the primary drivers. And again, I mean, a consistent theme there is just the economic activity and a lot of our customers being very conservative in their supply chains. And I'll turn it over to Dave to comment on Asia. 
David Bronczek: Okay. Thanks, Mike. Thanks, Tom, for the question. We’ve actually been outperforming the marketplace in Asia Pacific for many quarters now, in general. And I have to say that post Chinese New Year’s, we've actually seen more strengthening out of Asia Pacific than we had prior to going into Chinese New Year’s. I should also add that on a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis, and you can look at the numbers from the last several quarters, we've improved from negative 4% in Q1 to negative 3% to negative 1%. And we're showing some strengthening going into the fourth quarter. We are actually seeing some mixed change, however, as well, very much like the United States from priority to deferred. And some traffic is actually from consumer electronics moving into our FTN, FedEx Trade Networks, system that's actually going on the ocean. So I would say there's an overall modest increasing demand for services in Asia Pacific right now. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank. 
Robert Salmon: It's Rob Salmon on for Justin. Could you guys elaborate a little bit on the U.S. domestic capacity -- the plans to improve the capacity and network efficiency within the U.S.? What sort of cost savings should we be thinking about? How does this impact your capital plan looking forward? And what types of network efficiency improvements do you think you can drive? 
David Bronczek: Let me start off and then I'll turn it over to Fred. Just on the high-level efficiency that we talked about in the press release that we've been looking at and working on for several months, on a year-over-year basis, through attrition at FedEx Express, we've actually decreased our FTEs by 3,500 FTEs. We have more attrition that we're looking at right now to consolidate more routes, looking at the linehaul efficiencies. So we have more room and we're looking at it based on where our volume is. And we actually had planned a little bit higher volume to be more efficient and more productive and more profitable. Fred? 
Frederick Smith: Well, as it applies to the CapEx, as you know, last fall we announced a transaction with Boeing, where we purchased some new 767 airplanes to replace the MD-10s over time. The 767 is actually a bit smaller than the MD-10 and it is enormously more efficient, and it has a significant improvement in profit effect on the Express network. And at the same time that we did that, we pushed off a number of the long-range intercontinental airplanes based on the lower demand that began to be obvious beginning last summer. So the capital expenditures being made in Express will do exactly what you're talking about, will help improve margins and productivity there. Alan, you want to comment on that? 
Alan Graf: Yes. I will also add that we have been and will continue to be reducing flight hours, just as we always do. We'll take some planes and put them in the desert until economic conditions improve. And we'll be looking at that program as well going forward. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Art Hatfield with Morgan Keegan. 
Art Hatfield: Just to kind of follow up on some of this talk about the network. The comments about the domestic network, is that purely a cyclical issue or do you see that as being more potentially a secular issue in that improvements in the efficiency of the Ground network and customers relying more on Ground as opposed to Air Express in the U.S. is driving some of the changes in the network domestically? 
T. Glenn: Art, this is Mike Glenn, and I think it's a combination of both. Clearly, we've got some depressed volumes due to economic activity. But I want to highlight something that I've been saying for a long time, in that there are 3 significant fundamental issues that we need to recognize. One is the globalization of trade and how customers are refining their supply chain network as opposed to bringing product into bulk and bulk into the U.S. and putting it in warehouses and then shipping it out as a domestic transaction. It is now being shipped from point of manufacturer to point of consumption, so that gets counted as an International transaction. Which is why you constantly hear us referring to the Express network as a global network and not Domestic versus International. Secondarily, there's clearly some reasonable substitution when it makes sense for customers to use our very efficient and industry-leading Ground service. And they are making decisions on how to configure distribution centers to take advantage of that service, so there's clearly some of that. I referenced that in my earlier comments this morning. And then finally, you have electronic transmission of documents. So those 3 fundamentals are also at play here, but I think the underlying issue that we're speaking to this morning is the below-trend growth that I referred to earlier. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nate Brochmann with William Blair. 
Nathan Brochmann: I want to talk a little bit more on the International Freight lane just to explore a little bit more on Tom's previous question. In terms of, obviously, there's some big tech product launches kind of coming up and current. Wondering what the outlook is for that. And also, we keep talking about kind of the low inventory levels that are out there and you guys commented a little bit about looking for uptick there. Just if you could expand a little bit more on those comments. 
David Bronczek: I'll go ahead and start. This is Dave Bronczek. First of all, let me say, and I didn't probably stress it enough, we have another network in the International business, it's our FedEx Trade Networks that handles freight forwarding and ocean traffic. And a lot of these big consumer electronic companies that you're referring to are looking through the inventory and the visibility that we provide across the board. So they have been able to pick a network that better services their needs. And so even though some of it may not be IP or IPD, International Priority Distribution, it could go on the ships. We're still getting that traffic and we are seeing a pickup in that area. 
Alan Graf: This is Alan. Don't forget, over time, the trend in inventories continues to decline because companies like FedEx are engineering companies’ operations and supply chains to allow them to do that and still be able to meet consumer demand. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Donald Broughton with Avondale Partners. 
Donald Broughton: I understand there's a fairly high degree of seasonality to the Freight earnings by both fluctuations in volume and weather, but this was a very mild winter and Freight volumes were up. What else contributed to the swing sequentially from a $40 million earnings last quarter to a $1 million loss in the Freight division? 
William Logue: Donald, this is Bill. First of all, we are very pleased with our year-over-year improvement of a $66 million increase. Again, revenue up 10%. Yield, 6% improvement overall, which is a good thing for our business. Again, volume 2%. We got into a -- in December volume with the falloff after the holiday season. And then, as Alan said, sequentially, we improved through the quarter. And again, Q3 is always our most challenging quarter, setting us up for a very strong Q4, our strongest quarter. And I will say the sequential improvement continues, which is a good thing for us going forward. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Ross with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
David Ross: Bill, just to follow up on Donald's Freight question, have you thought about readjusting the fuel surcharge index? FedEx Freight took their surcharge much lower than the competition a few years ago but nobody really seemed to follow. I don't know if that was hurting you with the rising fuel prices. Also, I didn't know when you were going to end the difference in priority and economy shipments because for regional LTL Freight, that really makes no sense and I think it might be confusing to some customers. 
T. Glenn: David, this is Mike. I didn't understand, you were breaking up on the second part of the question. So I'm not sure I caught that. 
David Ross: Yes. That was just the difference in the priority economy shipments at FedEx Freight. There really should be no difference in the regional, so I didn't know if it made sense to back off of that because for long haul, it certainly makes sense to have priority and economy where you can put some intermodal and it's a cheaper, slower solution, but if it's going from Baltimore to Philadelphia, it needs to be there tomorrow or it's going to be more expensive to haul. 
William Logue: This is Bill. Again, good question. And again, as we build the new design of the network, the priority, economy, putting choice in all lengths of haul, which is one of the value-adds of the new proposition. And interesting enough, I mean, the customers are picking choice in all lengths of haul, whether it be short haul or long haul, which again shows the value prop we have out there of allowing the customers to be able to interface with one LTL carrier. They have multiple options across all lengths of haul. And again, we are seeing a nice uptick in the dual users where we have customers that before, who are either using FedEx International or FedEx Freight, now using both, which again was one of the objectives behind the new initiatives. So we're very pleased with where it's going. And again, our objective in the future is to continue to work to make sure that we are efficient in every length of haul no matter what the customer chooses, whether it be priority or economy. And again the choice the customers are coming across with is there. So we're very excited with that. 
T. Glenn: Let me respond to your question regarding fuel surcharge. FedEx evaluates our fuel surcharge for all services on an annual basis and we typically make any adjustments that we deem necessary when we make general rate increase announcements. So that's an ongoing thing for us and not only for Freight and LTL, but for all services. 
Alan Graf: I want to go back and correct -- Donald made a statement that was incorrect about Freight's performance last year. Freight's performance last year was a loss of $110 million, of which 43% was a onetime. There was not a profit in Freight a year ago. 
Frederick Smith: I think he was talking about the second fiscal quarter. 
Alan Graf: As far as the second quarter, that would be our normal seasonality. So significant improvement is my point. 
Frederick Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me speak specifically to the question about why we have priority and economy in all length of haul in the newly reengineered Freight network. The delta in pricing is smaller in the regional area as opposed to the long haul, but the reason that we have both priority and economy is that it gives us the ability, if we need to, to roll the economy shipment and operate with higher load factors. So the customer gets a choice. We can give them absolutely, positively overnight service in the regional markets for the 2-day lanes or if they're willing to take the chance that it's a shipment that will be delivered a day later, it allows us then to manage load factors. It's very similar to the way we operate in the Express network. We've been doing it for years. Nobody's ever done it in the LTL business. And based on the strength of the demand for FedEx Freight at the moment, I think it's very obvious the customers really like having this option. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets. 
Kevin Sterling: A lot of talk about the domestic air capacity. How should we think about your International air fleet. Do you feel that fleet is right-sized now? I know you talked about you saw pickup post Chinese New Year. 
David Bronczek: Well, we have the flexibility in our International side to add, and we talked about this every quarter. The extra sections that we talk about to add more or to take them away. And as Alan pointed out, we have, across the board, less fuel usage partly because of International and partly because of the U.S. But we've actually been, in this quarter, we pulled those extra sections down, didn't need to fly them. Now going forward right now, we have some backlogs, as Fred just pointed out, for Freight that we're looking at putting some extra sections in and increase the flying. So we have a lot of flexibility to move it up and down, depending on how the traffic moves. There is a little bit of a move to more deferred like the U.S. and International at the moment, so we're watching it very carefully. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jason Seidl with Dahlman Rose. 
Jason Seidl: I just wanted to concentrate a little bit on the margin side, both Express and Ground. And on the Ground side it continues to impress, I just want to see how much more room you think you have going forward? And on the Express side, as you continue to right-size the network, particularly here in the U.S., how far out does that push sort of the goal to get towards 10%? 
David Bronczek: Let me start off and pass it off to my colleague and good friend, Dave Rebholz. But on the Express side, we're obviously looking at all of our opportunities that we have in the International and the U.S., so it's not just an International issue. We have actually -- in this quarter, we've had a couple of issues that came up that were different for us. The acquisitions of India and Mexico hurt us a little bit there. We've had some depreciation with the 777s, for example. Some of the volume that we had planned that we didn't get, all that being said, we're looking at the linehaul efficiencies we have room there on flight hours and fuel usage in our trucking and so forth. And on the headcount, we have quite a lot of room, even through an attrition program. So we have a lot of opportunities in both the U.S. and International. 
David Rebholz: As far as Ground goes, I think I've mentioned it once before, but I have a challenge from my boss that I have to get to 20%, God love him. We are going to meet that goal. Having said that, there will be different inflection points where we will assume some additional cost. Example, you can't grow at this rate and not upsize your capital. We've been staying around the $450 million, $460 million range a year. We've got to put in some extra hubs. We want to be able to handle it with the same level of excellence that allows Mike and his team to be able to sell the product as competitively differentiated from our primary competitor. Having said that, I think there's plenty of runway and we are very focused on that. And I'm very encouraged by both our growth, our customers, commentaries to me and the way we're working with them to help them lower their costs and improve our margins. And as Mike said earlier, yield is a critical component to our future. So we're going to stay the course and I think we're going to do better. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ben Hartford with Robert W. Baird. 
Benjamin Hartford: Dave Bronczek, I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the Express margins. Just looking at the MRL [ph] line as a percent of revenue, as low as it's been in a decade, how much of that is a more efficient fleet? How much of that might be temporary because of favorable winter weather and whatnot? Can we talk a little bit about how sustainable MRL [ph] expenses are at these levels? 
David Bronczek: Well, you're right, we did actually improve our margins this quarter over last year's third quarter. Some of it is the weather, some of it is timing for fuel, some of it is reduction in the attrition and some of it is the linehaul, and some of it is the fuel usage. But it's across-the-board. We're looking at all of those opportunities both here in the U.S. and International to make sure our networks are right-sized for the amount of volume and yields for the profitability going forward. So very good question and we're on top of all of those issues. 
Alan Graf: This is Alan. I don't want it to be lost on anyone, how good the productivity and cost management Express has been. With volumes down and margins up, we have a lot of opportunity going forward. 
Frederick Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me put this in a broader context because I think it's important given that some of the questions have been answered. Over the last couple of years, we've consistently said that FedEx believes we can improve margins, improve cash flows, improve returns, and we've done all of that. We don't look at it quite in the same way that you do on these earnings calls. We look at it as FedEx Corporation. So when we put our business plan together and Express puts its plan together, for instance, based on the expectations of intercontinental volume, and that volume’s a bit weaker than we anticipated, our motivation to pull down capacity is less when we have great performance over at Ground so we can keep the capacity up and try to take market share. If that weren't the case, we would probably be managing a little bit differently. So we look at it as a portfolio and not individual silos and individual businesses, where we're compelled to try to maximize every quarter. And in the case of Express, there are very long lead time constraints in Express that require us to manage the capacity on more of a quarterly basis than on a monthly basis. There are pilot deadlines, there's customer expectations. At the last earnings call, I talked a bit about some of the structural changes that have gone on in the intercontinental business over the last few years because of the price of fuel, the price of wages in Asia, the problems in Europe and the low growth in the United States. And things are considerably different now than they were just a couple of years ago. So it's important to understand that we are very convinced that in all of our 3 major transport reportable segments that we can achieve double-digit margins. And that as a corporation, we can continue to improve earnings, improve margins, improve cash flows and improve returns. But we may not do it the way some of the folks on this call would like to do where we can say, well, we're going to have just a great quarter in every segment because we're managing it as a portfolio. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley. 
William Greene: Alan, I'm hoping to get a little more color from you on the guidance. If we look at the fourth quarter guidance seasonally, so you look sort of sequentially versus the third quarter, it looks a little bit light than what you might think versus the normal sequential change. Now I'm sure some of that's weather, but you've also had in some of your commentary here that you're seeing below trend growth. Can you sort of break out a little bit about how much of weather versus how much of below-trend growth drives the guidance in the fourth quarter? 
Alan Graf: Well, I think the fourth quarter is still very good. But what we're seeing at the moment, as Mike Glenn started off the call with, is that we just don't have a strong as an economy as we had hoped it would be a year ago. And I was hoping that we would have record earnings this year. And while that still would be at the very high end of that range with a little bit stretch above it, frankly, the economic environment and the elasticity that we're seeing on our Premium Services from the high fuel costs are dampening the fourth quarter a bit. It's still going to be a very good quarter, and I think we'll go into the year with -- next fiscal year with a lot of momentum. So that's really the answer. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays Capital. 
Brandon Oglenski: Well, maybe following off of that answer, Alan. When we think about higher fuel prices, and maybe that's impacting Express a bit more into the fourth quarter, how are you going to offset that in the Ground segment because it looks like you're getting very good results in the higher fuel environment in that segment? 
Alan Graf: Well, again, I think, as I mentioned, Ground is such an unbelievably great value proposition versus the competitive offering. And there's a lot of managed trade-down, if you will, from the Express network to the Ground network, where we can reduce the CapEx over time at Express and increase it over time at Ground, which has a higher ROIC, which is the objective that Fred outlined for you. I think we will continue do that. Obviously, on a lower base and diesel fuel, the impact of the fuel surcharge is significantly less at Ground that it is at Express. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Keith Schoonmaker with MorningStar. 
Keith Schoonmaker: This is a related question. I appreciate Mr. Smith's comments on viewing the results as a consolidated FedEx Corp. Wanted to ask about the effective mix. The margin in Ground is impressive, to state the obvious, and with Ground lanes so fast now, the lower price per package, can you please comment on the net effects of customer switching modes? I guess greater parcel, then you see benefits in either operation and it's tempting to think of putting volume in higher-margin operation to be accretive. But if FedEx has relatively higher fixed cost, as we think of the full suite, can you explain how we view shifts from Express to Ground? 
T. Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. Our sales team works with customers on a regular basis to ensure that we put the best, very best value proposition in front of them that takes advantage of the broad range of services that we have. I wouldn't get too fixated on mode shift as an issue here. It certainly has an impact. We work with customers, specifically as it relates to mode shift when it's to a mutually beneficial outcome, and that's key in terms of how we approach it. Obviously, it doesn't make a lot of sense for us to shift volume out of Express into Ground when it doesn't benefit the customer and it doesn't benefit FedEx Corporation, as Fred noted earlier. So Alan used the word managed, and I think that's the key word in this discussion is managing mode optimization, if you will, to increase the value for the customer and, frankly, FedEx Corporation. So that's how we approach that. And so we view that, when it's done correctly and our sales team does a great job of that, as a benefit for FedEx Corporation. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christian Wetherbee with Citi. 
Seth Lowry: This is Seth Lowry in for Chris. I was wondering if you could give us an update on how things were trending in IP quarter-to-date? And could we see that ultimately turn positive if things go as expected for the rest of the quarter economically? 
T. Glenn: I apologize. I must have covered that too quickly, because I covered that off early in my comments. But let me give it to you again. Sequentially, from Q1, and you can look back at our statistics, we were negative 4% on IP, which includes IP, IPD, IE, IEF. Q2 was negative 3%, Q3 is negative 1% and we are seeing strengthening going into Q4. I should add that we actually are picking up traffic into another mode of transportation that we have, is also FTN. But some of the IPD in the past would move to that and go on the ocean. So I guess across the board, we would have a sequentially improving IP trends. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Kauffman with Sterne Agee. 
Jeffrey Kauffman: A lot of my questions have been answered, so a question for Mike and Dave. In terms of your changed economic outlook, could you break that down a little bit in terms of what the change was in your European outlook versus your Asian outlook versus your domestic U.S. outlook? 
T. Glenn: Let me take a look here and just get the numbers in front of me for a second, Jeff. The forecast for Europe, EMEA specifically, for calendar year '12 is 0.7% GDP growth; for euro land, it's a negative 0.4%. For calendar '13, it's 0.9% for euro land and 2% for EMEA. 
David Bronczek: And the only additional color that I'll give you for EMEA, and I know we don't break this out is that, as Fred pointed out, it's a growing and profitable region of the world for us and it continues to be so. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan. 
Scott Group: So I wanted to just ask another one on some of the assumptions for 4Q. What's the fuel lag that you're expecting in the coming quarter versus what you saw in the third quarter? And then kind of with that on the IP side, normally, when we think about IP volumes inflecting positive, we think about a lot of operating leverage. Does that story change a little bit at all now that there's some mix changes away from priority to more of a deferred product? 
Alan Graf: I'll take the first one. This is Alan. Versus last year, I think in the fourth quarter, we'll have a benefit from the fuel lag versus the fuel -- the cost of the fuel versus the surcharge. But with the high fuel prices that are existing, it's going to have a dampening impact on our premium services revenues. So that will probably offset in terms of the results, and that's why I have the range that I have. 
T. Glenn: Yes. And on the IP, I mentioned it a couple of times, but our FedEx Trade Networks group that's very efficient at clearance and brokerage in ocean shipping, some of that deferred traffic that would have, in the past, flown on our super Express Freighters is because of the customers' demand moving to that. So we're still picking up traffic. And probably, over time, become more profitable with it. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch. 
Ken Hoexter: Fred, I know you mentioned at the beginning of the call you don't want to speculate or comment on speculation for TNT. But let’s look at what's been announced, and can you give your thoughts on when you heard about the announcement of UPS TNT coming to the agreement? And what you think that does for growth in Europe and how you view the market now? Do you want to increase your presence on the domestic basis there? Do you feel pressure from customers to have that greater product offering than you do? Just give us some thoughts on that. And then for Dave, can you just throw in thoughts on -- your peer pricing was up 6% you mentioned at Express and Ground. Can you talk about the trends there? Do you think that continues to gain some steam in the face of fuel prices? 
Frederick Smith: Well, this is Fred Smith, let me comment briefly and then ask Dave to be more specific about this. Europe's a big part of the FedEx network, as I said in the opening remarks. I mean, we have a multibillion-dollar business there and it's profitable and it's growing and we're expanding the business. Now having said that, there are 2 things that you have to remember about Europe. The first is, as Mike Glenn just mentioned to you, the growth rates in Europe are extremely low. And my personal belief is they're going to continue to be low, as long as the policies being pursued in Europe are the same as the policies that have been pursued over the last 20, 25 years. I think the same thing is true in the United States. And I'm not trying to be political in any statement, we simply don't have policies in place in the U.S. and Europe that are stimulative of GDP growth beyond relatively low levels. So that's one point. The second point that you have to realize about Europe is that, unlike the United States, it's a much more fractionated market. There are domestic markets which are historical there that have a number of competitors. There's the pan-European surface market. There's the pan-European or intra-European air express business and then there's the intercontinental business. We're very strong in the Intercontinental business. We have an excellent intra-European air express network and we have selectively participated in the domestic marketplace. And we have an organic expansion plan inside Europe and I'd like for Dave to comment on that. 
David Bronczek: Thank you, Fred. Yes, this goes back -- for several years now, we've actually been working on more intercontinental flights from Asia to Europe. We've had flights from the U.S. to Dubai into the Middle East. And on the intercontinental side, we've added a lot of connectivity and excellent service, world-class service for our intercontinental business. On the more recent activities, to Fred's point, just in the last 5 months since October, we've opened over 23 stations in Germany, France, Spain, Italy, the Netherlands, Sweden. Across the board, we've added more jet city points to the network inside Europe. We've added 757s in Europe. We're growing, we're profitable, we're adding to the later pickup times that customers really want to connect to the European market and to the global market and much earlier delivery. So we have a really good story. We have a great management team in Europe and we're very optimistic about the forward-looking future. 
Frederick Smith: And we'll talk a lot more about this, for those of you who can come to the October 9 and 10 thing. It's a great story and we've got a terrific management team in Europe. And as Dave mentioned, we've been expanding it at flank speed over the recent past and are going to continue for the foreseeable future to broaden the portfolio that we offer in Europe. As I mentioned, it's a highly fractionated market in Europe. 
T. Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. I'll comment on the yield question that you had. As I stated earlier, I'm extremely proud of the sales revenue management marketing team for their focus on this. We clearly had solid yield performance during the quarter and this is part of a managed program that we have that entails both the change that we made in the dimensional weight surcharge which went into place over a year ago, which we have now lapped, how we manage contract increases and things of that nature. I will say that we are starting to cycle through the contract increases now. As part of that, we were seeking and have been successful in getting above-trend annual rate increases on those contracts in year 1. We would expect to see lower rate increases in years 2 and 3, so that will have some impact on that. We have lapped the dimensional weight surcharge. But let me state again, this will be a major focus item for us. It will be at the top of our priority list. And as I've said earlier, we have been prepared to put some volume at risk in order to achieve our rate increases and our yield improvements. We did see some impact during the quarter, specifically at Express. But as I said earlier, it was well within the parameters that we had set in order to achieve the yield improvements that we were targeting. So I continue to be very pleased with our performance in this regard. We worked very closely with the operating companies to make sure that we are making decisions that not only benefit improving yields, but it benefit the operating company performance. And that will be our modus operandi going forward. 
Operator: Our next question will come from David Vernon with Bernstein. 
David Vernon: Could you talk a little bit more on timing on the Domestic Express network adjustments and how that might impact service and flow-through to momentum on pricing? 
David Bronczek: Well, we actually look at our network all the time. Every week, every month, we've been doing this for years and years, and we have a great portfolio. As Mike Glenn and Fred have talked about, and Alan, where the customers pick the services that they need. And so we work with the customer with our teammates. And so as I mentioned, year-over-year, for example, through attrition, we're down 3,500 FTEs. And so depending on the volume outlooks and the customer demands and how the economy is, we have opportunity to flex up or flex down. And right now, we're looking at it and we've been looking at this for years. 
T. Glenn: We're not going to reduce our service levels. We're going to increase our service levels and we will continue to do that. The trick here is to continue to lower expense, improve productivity while we expand our service capabilities, which are extremely high already. So there will be nothing but service improvements. 
David Vernon: So the changes that you're looking at are incremental as opposed to a network redesign in some fashion? 
David Bronczek: I think we're too early in the stages here to comment any further than we have on that. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Ceraso with Crédit Suisse. 
Christopher Ceraso: I joined a little bit late, so I apologize if you’ve answered these already. But did you see in the third quarter a notable shift in B2C and did that weigh on your margins in Express? And also on the tax rate, did you comment if it's going to be lower again in Q4 like it was in Q3? 
Alan Graf: Well, the tax rate was -- you were late there, that was -- the third quarter was a settlement of the IRS of our fiscal 2007 and 2009. The fourth quarter tax rate will be 36% to 37%, depending on where our earnings are earned in the quarter. 
T. Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. We did see, and always see, a substantial increase in B2C transactions during the quarter because of the peak season and the significant growth of e-commerce shipping. I should point out, as part of that, we did pass on some growth opportunities, particularly at Express because we didn't feel the yields were compensatory and consistent with our long-term objectives. But we always see an increase in B2C shipping during that quarter because of the holiday season and the increase in B2C. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Barnes with RBC Capital Markets. 
John Barnes: Two quick things. Number one, on the Express side, can you just talk about the further headcount reduction? You stated, I think, that you had seen attrition lower for FTEs about 3,500. How much more can that number decline? And then secondly, on the Ground side, just given the volume growth there, and you've obviously fielded a lot of questions about rightsizing the Domestic Express network, is there any need to rightsize the Ground network, namely, do you need further investment there to continue to handle this growth? 
David Bronczek: We just look at our headcount, as we always have, for years and years on an attrition basis and based on the volume and the demand. And we'll continue to do that. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Peter Nesvold with Jefferies & Company. 
H. Nesvold: I'm really just down to housekeeping questions, I guess on fuel, if I can just ask that one briefly. If fuel prices were up year-over-year and we exited the quarter at higher fuel prices than we entered the quarter, it's not clear to me how it's such a big tailwind. Was there some kind of improved productivity because of the warm winter or did you pre-buy fuel? Or how else could that be such a tailwind? 
Alan Graf: It was a tailwind versus last year. It was a restrainer in terms of what it did to the demand for our premium services. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. Now I will turn the call back over to Mickey Foster for any additional or closing remarks. 
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in FedEx Corporation's third quarter earnings release conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thank you very much. Goodbye. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2011-12-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster -  Frederick W. Smith - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President of Market Development & Corporate Communications, Chief Executive Officer of Fedex Services - Sub and President of Fedex Services - Sub Alan B. Graf - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David J. Bronczek - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express and President of FedEx Express David F. Rebholz - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Ground Package System Inc and President of FedEx Ground Package System Inc William J. Logue - Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Robert F. Pickels - Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Peter Nesvold William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Peter S. Jacobs David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. The second quarter earnings release and our financial and operational statistics book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast download will be available for only one year.  Joining us on the call today are members of the media. [Operator Instructions] I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC.  To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion on our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter.
Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey, and welcome to everyone. We're going to make a couple of changes to the format today in light of some of the changes we've made in getting information out to you. We moved the press release up 30 minutes. And as Mickey mentioned, we're also going to be taking questions on the Internet. And as a result of those, there's really no need for me to recap the things that are very clearly spelled out in the press release, which you had half an hour more to look at. We're going to ask, prior to Alan Graf's usual remarks, that will deal with segment information and put some color on the numbers, we're going to have Mike Glenn to talk to you about our economic forecast with a couple of remarks about what we're seeing in the peak season and e-commerce, which will set the framework for Alan's comments.  Now today, as you saw in the release, we also announced an agreement to purchase new 767 airplanes from Boeing. So after Alan's remarks, I'm going to ask Dave Bronczek to make a couple of comments about that deal, which I think will put it in context. And then following Mike, Alan and Dave, we'll open up the floor to questions, including those that we get over the Internet. Before I turn it over to Mike, let me sincerely thank the FedEx team members around the world, all 300,000 of them, for their continuing efforts, especially during this busy peak season to deliver our Purple Promise to millions of customers every day. Mike?
T. Michael Glenn: Thank you, Fred. On Monday of this week, FedEx handled about 17 million shipments in our global network, almost double our average daily volume to set the latest record for the busiest day in company history. As expected, the increase was driven by FedEx SmartPost, as well as increased volume at FedEx Ground and Home Delivery. And let me add my thanks to our team members for an outstanding job in handling this traffic on Monday and throughout the rest of the peak season.  E-commerce sales have been growing at mid-teen rates for the past 2 years and continue to account for a growing share of retail sales. During the third quarter, e-commerce made up 4.6% of total retail sales, which is up from 4.3% in calendar year '10 and less than 1% in the year 2000. The forecast for the entire holiday season is for 15% year-over-year growth in e-commerce and that compares to 12% growth in 2010.  According to the National Retail Federation, almost 38% of total Thanksgiving weekend spending was done online, which is up from 33% last year. FedEx residential deliveries have benefited from strong e-commerce demand, especially SmartPost and home deliveries noted earlier. However, FedEx continues to manage demand for our services as part of our yield improvement strategy.  Turning to our economic forecast. We expect overall economic growth to continue at a moderate pace. Inventory destocking has been a headwind for GDP and shipping demand in recent months. A combination of record low inventories relative to sales in the distribution sector and continued growth in demand should lead to restocking in the coming months, which should benefit our company. Consumer confidence remains at very low levels, but we have seen improvement recently. For November, consumer confidence hit the highest level since July, and had its biggest monthly gain since April of 2003. For calendar year 2012, we expect U.S. GDP to grow 2.2%, which is in line with consensus, with industrial production growing 3.9% and consumption growing at 2.2%. We're forecasting calendar year 2012 world GDP growth at 2.9%, with developed countries growing at 1.8% while emerging countries are projected to grow at 5.8%.  Our sales, revenue management and marketing teams continue to do an outstanding job managing yields for the company. During the third quarter, domestic U.S. Express yields, excluding the impact of fuel, increased 6% year-over-year. The primary driver was an improvement in rate and discount changes followed by product mix changes and weight per package. International party Express yields, excluding the impact of fuel on exchanged, increased 5% due to improvement in rate and discount changes and weight per package. Ground yields, excluding the impact of fuel, increased 6% year-over-year. Again, the primary driver was improvement in rate and discount changes. We also saw an improvement in extra services fees in weight per package. Freight yields, excluding the impact of fuel, increased 5% year-over-year as a result of rate and discount changes.  Yield management will continue to be a top priority for the company as we move into the second half of the year, and again I want to thank our sales revenue management marketing teams for an outstanding job. Alan?
Alan B. Graf: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Before I get to my comments, I would like to inform everyone that on Tuesday, our Corporate Vice President and Treasurer, Burnetta Williams, passed away following a battle with cancer. Burnetta was a very important member of our senior management team, who, among many other things, designed and executed our financing strategy. She will be greatly missed, and please join me in a brief moment of silence in her honor. Thank you.  Looking at our corporate results, our earnings per share for the second quarter were $1.57, up 35% on an adjusted basis and revenues climbed 10% to $10.6 billion. Despite muted economic growth, we increased our operating margin to 7.4%, with continuing strength at FedEx Ground, improved profitability at FedEx Freight and higher yields across all of our transportation segments.  Starting with Ground, the segment continued its excellent performance with increased yields, volumes and operating margin. Revenue increased 13% to $2.3 billion, driven by market share gains and continued strong growth in FedEx Home Delivery and FedEx SmartPost services, reflecting the growth of e-commerce as Mike mentioned. Operating income soared 34% to $398 million, resulting in a record second quarter operating margin of 17%. Average daily volumes increased 4% for FedEx Ground and FedEx SmartPost also posted strong growth with daily volumes up 17% to 1.7 million packages per day.  Our FedEx Freight segment significantly improved with higher yields and ongoing efficiency gains from our integrated LTL network. FedEx Freight posted operating income of $40 million versus a loss last year. Revenue grew 9% to $1.3 billion from higher yields and weight per shipment, partially offset by 3% lower daily volumes. FedEx Express revenues were up 10% to $6.6 billion, primarily due to an increase in package yields. Operating income increased to $342 million as a result of the benefit from the timing lag that exists between when fuel prices change and when index fuel surcharges automatically adjust. As a reminder, prior year results were negatively impacted by a $66 million reserve associated with a legal matter. Year-over-year, FedEx Express reduced variable hours associated with volume.  Jet fuel usage was down 3.6% year-over-year and Express will be parking additional aircraft in the second half of our fiscal year as we continue to align our capacity to demand. Ongoing weakness in global growth and global inventory destocking reduced our average daily volume per U.S. domestic package by 4% and IP package by 3%, heavily impacted by weakness in Asia. However, our combined IP package and freight pounds increased 2%, with 8% higher revenue year-over-year.  Turning to our outlook. In September, we repurchased 2.8 million shares of FedEx stock at an average price of $70. We currently have 2.9 million shares remaining for repurchase out of the total authorized. Capital spending for FY '12 remains at $4.2 billion. With the deferrals of our 777 aircraft deliveries, we expect our FY '13 capital expenditures to moderate to approximately $3.8 billion. We expect earnings to be in the range of $1.25 to $1.45 per diluted share for the third quarter. EPS last year for Q3 was $0.73, including an $0.08 per share one-time charge, continuing our improvement.  We reconfirm the FY '12 EPS guidance of $6.25 to $6.75. This guidance assumes the current market outlook for fuel prices, normal winter weather and moderate growth in the global economy, as Mike Glenn described to you earlier. Now I'm going to turn it over to Dave Bronczek, who will discuss our new agreement with Boeing.
David J. Bronczek: Thank you, Alan, and good morning to everyone. As you know, one of the most important investments for the future is the modernization of our aircraft fleet. And as you are aware, FedEx Express has been aggressive in its fleet modernization efforts, beginning with the replacement of our aging 727 fleet with 757s and continuing with the acquisitions of 777s to support our international growth.  Now in conjunction with the earnings release today, we announced our plan to continue these modernization efforts as we entered into an agreement with Boeing to purchase 27 new 767-300 F aircraft over the remainder of the decade, with 3 arriving in FY 2014 and 6 per year in fiscal 2015 through fiscal 2018. The 767s were selected as the best choice to begin replacing our older MD-10 aircraft, some of which, believe it or not, are older than 40 years old, with aircraft of similar capacity and without the relatively high fuel and maintenance costs. By purchasing more modern, more reliable and much more fuel-efficient aircraft, we reduced the structural cost of our operations into the future, while maintaining our great service reliability that our customers have come to expect.  The 767 provides a lower operating cost of over 23% per trip and over 20% per pound of payload compared to our MD-10 fleet. With the approximate 30% fuel efficiency, the advantage of the 767 being the key driver of these benefits. In addition, we'll receive near-term benefits associated with the voided maintenance on our MD-10 fleet and lower upfront cost of maintenance the 767s provide during the initial period of operation. We will also benefit from the operational compatibilities this new aircraft type will share, of course, with our 757 and our 777 fleets.  Also, being announced today is our agreement with Boeing to delay the delivery of 11 777 aircraft. Two aircraft will be deferred from fiscal 2013, 5 from fiscal 2014 and 1 per year in fiscal 2015 through 2018. We have also agreed to exercise 2 additional 777 options, however. The decision to defer these aircraft will extend the time our MD-11s are operating on international routes and not move back to our U.S. domestic routes as we had originally planned to replace the older MD-10 fleets. These deferrals will allow us to balance our overall international capacity to expected demand. However, it will not impact our ability to meet projected international growth requirements as we are still adding an additional 16 777 aircraft through fiscal 2018.  In addition, we have access to additional 777 options and can leverage our existing MD-11 fleet to provide tremendous flexibility should the needs arise. This decision will also allow us to defer a portion of our near-term projected capital spending to accommodate the 767 purchases within our previous estimates. The combined 767 and 777 actions announced today will contribute to the overall Express profitability.  In summary, this is an excellent decision for FedEx in meeting our future operational requirements at lower cost and overall lower investments. With that, I'll turn it back over to Mickey. Thank you.
Mickey Foster: We'll now open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Let's see, I wanted to ask you a question about volume growth expectations in international and then also how that relates to your new fleet plan. So if you could offer some comments about how you think International volumes may grow in, let's say, calendar '12, what your outlook would be and how you think the fleet will or what you would essentially be planning for in your baseline fleet capacity expansion in the international network the next several years given the changes in your 777 order and the new 767s?
David J. Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. Well, we have, as I mentioned, we have an additional 16 777 still coming and still moving into our network in all the appropriate parts of the world. So we're very comfortable with that. This change allowed us to put in the 767 aircraft to much improve our profitability primarily in the United States system, and at the same time, reduce our overall capital costs. So we're very confident that we can match our international capacity needs. If we need to, we can exercise options and we have the ability to leave our MD-11s out in the international market longer than we had anticipated. So net-net, it's a win-win-win for us.
Frederick W. Smith: We have a couple of Internet questions, so I'll ask Alan Graf to address the first one here.
Alan B. Graf: First one says, Express had EBIT margins north of 8.5% on $22 billion in revenue in 2007. Today, with revenues of $26 billion rate, margins are 5%, are prior margins achievable at some point and what revenue level is required to see that level of profitability? Well, absolutely, the prior margins are achievable. Obviously, right now, with our IPV weaker than we expected, we're adjusting our network to match that capacity, and in fact, my guidance for the rest of the fiscal year assumes essentially no growth year-over-year in our IP volumes. And with the advent that we told you today about the 767, we should see significantly enhanced performance in terms of AOD costs, lower fuel burn, unit performance, along with a lot of other productivity things that we're working on. So we're going to work really hard on things we can control, which is the cost and productivity side of the house, and if we get the economy that Mike Glenn talked about, we should be back on our way towards improving these margins.
Mickey Foster: Okay, so we'll continue now with questions on the call.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Justin Yagerman from Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I want to ask you a question on Ground. Now we've seen back-to-back pretty stellar margins here in this division. You guys continued to improve. I've got to imagine some of that is the continued percentage of SmartPost that's coming into the business. One, I wanted to ask what you guys are viewing run rate margins to look like in Ground given that we've seen this kind of improvement on a quarterly basis now. And two, what kind of impact, if any, could USPS changes have on SmartPost and could there be an impact on the margin improvement that we've seen?
David F. Rebholz: Justin, Dave Rebholz. Let me take your latter first because there seems to be a lot of inquiry about the Post Office. First of all, we've got a great working relationship and the right economic model that allows us to adjust. I don't see any risk in the short term whatsoever. I would love to be able to determine what the Post Office does or says or implements. Frankly, we don't have that answer, but what we do have is a working model that will continue to produce the kinds of dividends that we're looking for vis-à-vis our model. In terms of our overall impact, my boss, Mr. Smith, suggests that I should be at 20%, but I think in reality, where we are right now is a sweet spot. We continue with our variable model to produce the kind of dividends that both reward our small business independent contractors, as well as FedEx. As it lies out right now, including the current economic conditions, I think that we're in a very good spot and any economic upside will only benefit us. And that's the reality of where we sit today.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Ross from Stifel, Nicolaus.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: If you could just comment on the International Express volumes by region. How much was Asia down versus Europe versus U.S., and how much could you take out in the quarter specifically in the transpacific market?
David J. Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave Bronczek again. Generally speaking, Asia-Pacific have the lion's share of the impact to our International volumes. Around the rest of the world, they held up pretty nicely, quite frankly.
Alan B. Graf: This is Alan. Let me just add that our Europe IP actually grew year-over-year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Art Hatfield from Morgan Keegan.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a real quick question. With the changes in the fleet plans, with taking some aircraft down and the new Boeing 767 order, and then obviously the delay in the 777, how can we think about maintenance going forward? One of the benefits of those coming on and some of the things you're doing would be that we'd see kind of muted growth in that. Should we expect to see that pick up with the fleet stand the way it is for now?
David J. Bronczek: Art, great question. Obviously maintenance is a significant issue at FedEx Express. This will improve it. Fuel efficiency is also significant at Express, this improves it. And let me just add one other thing to the last question. Our 2-year rate of international growth in Asia is up 10%. So when you add the last 2 years together, I just wanted to make sure that people knew we are still growing in Asia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Co.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I wanted to talk a little bit about with the e-commerce growth, whether that's a shift maybe from other modes that might have taken place in the past or whether that's true market share gains. And then also whether you're seeing any real change in your customer supply chains because of that and how you're shifting your network to take advantage of those changes.
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. And as I mentioned earlier, we have seen an increase in e-commerce sales as a percentage of total retail sales. In the third quarter, e-commerce sales were 4.6% of total retail sales which was up from 4.3% last year and 1% in 2000. So there is certainly an increasing trend for more online sales, although still as a percentage of total retail sales, it's relatively small even though it's growing at about 15%. Certainly, as e-commerce is becoming more popular, promotional tactics like free shipping are a key part of that. Our SmartPost service plays right into the hands of that and allows us to compete very effectively in the e-commerce area with SmartPost. And our FedEx Home Delivery also performs extremely well with optimal services, such as appointment delivery, date delivery and time delivery. So we we're well-positioned to take advantage of this increasing trend of e-commerce sales and it certainly benefited during this peak. Let me just, if I could, just take 1 minute to correct something I said earlier. I mentioned that FedEx Freight yields increased 5% absent fuel, that number is actually 4%. I picked up the International Priority number when I was speaking there, so FedEx Freight yields absent fuel increased 4%, not 5%.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kevin Sterling from BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Please accept my condolences regarding the passing of your Treasurer. As I look at your average pounds per package in Express, we saw an increase this quarter, it looks like to one of the highest level in recent years, how should we think about average pounds per package at Express going forward? Is this higher average the new normal or was there something going on this quarter?
David J. Bronczek: Well, we had more, heavier deferred traffic, heavier box deferred traffics into our mix, and of course, IP and IPFS. IPFS has higher weight and it helps our overall revenue. So quite frankly, I think a lot of focus is on IP, IPFS combined. So I think we're on that track going forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Robert Pickels from Manning & Napier.
Robert F. Pickels - Manning & Napier Advisors, LLC: My questions are mostly on the new aircraft order. For what it's worth, we applaud the decision that you guys have made. I just wanted to get a few details on it. You mentioned you've deferred the 777s. Is that sort of indefinitely deferred or is there -- maybe you could just help me understand what the total 777 aircraft order is and the timeline of that? And then in the past, you've said that 777 is the best return on capital opportunity that you have. I'm just wondering, I'm guessing that's still the case so I'm just wondering what's changed that math? Is that the 767 has entered as a more viable option or is it that the slower demand in Asia or maybe you can just talk about that a little bit?
David J. Bronczek: That's a great question. The 767 is a terrific plane for us to replace our very aging MD-10 aircraft and we looked at multiple ways to do it. Quite frankly, we're going to, to leave our MD-11s out in the international longer now. It's a better operating profit return for us for now. We just moved back the 777s. We're still keeping the orders, obviously, to open up room to put this very efficient, very productive, very profitable airplane into our fleet at a time that we thought was the best opportunity to do so. So I think on all fronts, we're going to keep the 777s. Obviously, we just push them back. We opened up a window for CapEx to put the 767 airplane in. We have 16 777s still coming as scheduled and then the other ones will come in behind them. So we just opened up a window here to replace a very old, very inefficient, expensive airplane with a terrific airplane for exactly the role that it will serve.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Donald Broughton from Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: A strategic question. As you add these 777s and the 767s in your international priority Express business, would you rather see just extraordinary growth in 1 lane than add it to, say, your dominance in the transpacific lane or would rather see a more even growth in all of your lanes over the next 5, 10 years?
David J. Bronczek: We'd rather see an overall even distribution around the world. And of course, as Asia keeps emerging, the traffic flows continue to expand to Latin America, to Europe, to the Middle East, obviously, North America. So I think the global market is the global market and it'll just keep expanding around the world that way. So I think we're in great shape, well-positioned to have the best airplane for exactly the needs that we need for our customers in the 777.
Alan B. Graf: Hey Donald, this is Alan. I'm sure, as you know, a balanced network is a much more profitable network whether you're flying airplanes or switching telephone calls, and we work on that every day. We do it with pricing, we do it with picking the customers that we need and knowing exactly where we have capacity that we need to fill. And so that is a key point in moving Express's margins up over time is to continue that balance in that global network.
David J. Bronczek: Just one other thing and it shouldn't go unsaid, I mentioned it in my comments, but the commonality of the 757 and the 767, and the efficiencies with our crew force and so forth, there's another very big advantage besides the fuel and besides the maintenance. It's a terrific airplane for our operating margins going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Peter Nesvold with Jefferies.
Peter Nesvold: So you brought down the U.S. GDP forecast by about 30 basis points or so, but you maintained the earnings outlook for the year. And so I'm curious, is it that you're still just inside that range, just maybe a little bit lower on the earnings front or has something more company-specific occurred, whether it's yield improvement or cost-cutting, et cetera, that's allowed you to hold the EPS outlook despite the lower GDP backdrop?
Alan B. Graf: Are you sneakily asking me to give you a pinpoint EPS number here?
Peter Nesvold: Absolutely not. Just directional.
Alan B. Graf: Look, we're managing this company, and even though we see a little bit slower GDP domestically, we still see growth, we still see world growth, as Mike mentioned, and we still feel very comfortable with the range that we have out there.
Frederick W. Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. I want to make sure that there's a clear understanding of what Dave said here about these planes. The original plan was to bring in 777s and push the MD-11s in the domestic fleet and retire the MD-10s, and that had a very good return. When the 767 was selected for the U.S. tanker mission and Boeing decided to keep the airplane in production, we looked at that and bringing it into the middle and replacing the MD-10s was a higher return than the 777s. And it pushed the MD-11s, if you will, back into the international system. So our international capacity hasn't changed at all and we have international capacity to grow. But we'll simply operate the MD-11s in the international system a bit longer. And the 777s and the MD-11s are not that much difference in capacity. The big difference is in efficiency and range in the 777s. So it's important that you understand that dynamic, not much has changed other than the fact we're bringing in a higher return asset in the middle and utilizing the MD-11s in the international. And the somewhat smaller 767, relative to the MD-11, is a better fit for the domestic system, which is why it has the higher returns. So I was a little bit afraid people were getting -- going down the wrong rabbit hole here even though, Dave, I think, said it pretty clearly, but I just wanted to reemphasize that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Greene from Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Alan, you had a really interesting chart at the Investor Day that showed sort of earnings trends for FedEx from the last cycle. And you said, listen, it's not a forecast, but there is a suggestion here that we're seeing sort of similar trends. But now we've had a lot of changes at the macro level. So can you update us on your thoughts about you're kind of pushing that out or forward because of cost efforts so where we are on that trend line?
Alan B. Graf: Well, I think as we just pointed out to you, even though we don't have the robust economic environment that we would love to have, we still increased our EPS 35%. So had we had a robust economy like we did back in 2007, hard to say, but it would have been significantly higher than that. And so we have to manage to what the economy around the world is doing and so we're going to do that. And this has slowed us a bit in terms of Express because of the size of the network which we are, as I've said, resizing right now but if you take a look at Ground and Freight's performance, we're managing right through it. So I'm still very confident, that's why we reconfirmed the range and we hope to continue that in fiscal '13.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Chase from Barclays Capital.
Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wondered if you could elaborate a little bit on some of the capacity adjustments you're referring to in the prepared remarks within the Express network. And should we be thinking that, that is more structural change in adaptation to what you were just describing, Alan? Or is it more of a view that just temporarily these adjustments make sense from a capacity perspective?
David J. Bronczek: I'll let Alan chime in here but this is Dave to start off. We have fluctuations in our volumes. And of course, we match the lift to the load. And we do it every day and every week. So when we have surges in capacity from big shippers around the world, we'll add the capacity or take it back. And quite frankly, we have a lot of flexibility in our fleet, as Fred mentioned, with our MD-11s to go up and over the top of the normal peaking days. So we have what we call extra sections, we can flex them up or down.
Alan B. Graf: Yes, I would say that, as we talk about here, every day, balancing the network is a key driver in Express' profitability. And the volatility of trade flows is high as it's ever been and I think it's going to be -- we think it's going to be the new normal. And so we're going to have to be much more adept at matching our capacity quicker. I think we're doing that. I think having the 767s is going to help quite a bit in that regard and that's how we're going to do this going forward. And I think we will be very efficient at it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Schoonmaker from MorningStar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I noticed international domestic grew revenue an impressive nearly 50% year-over-year but the average yield declined somewhat. Can you please comment on growth rate, excluding acquisitions in India and Mexico, and perhaps give some direction on profitability of this portion of the business?
David J. Bronczek: Well, a lot of it was acquisitions, quite frankly. And the international growth rates, though, are very strong, as I mentioned, if you look at a 2-year cycle of our International growth, it's strong all around the world and even this past quarter, absent Asia, we had very good balanced international loads and international revenue. So I think a big part of the yields that you're looking at, even though Mike mentioned the International yields are up 5%, is some of the noise of acquisitions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Wetherbee with Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A quick follow-up on the capacity discussion that you just had. When you think about parking some additional aircraft or matching it, can you give a little sense of, geographically, where you're thinking, I mean is it really still all the Asia to U.S. planes or does this need to be maybe be adjusted here in the U.S.?
David J. Bronczek: Well, it could be anywhere in the world. Quite frankly it would be mostly the Asia capacity as the volumes spike and peak at this time of the year, coming off of that, it would be primarily in the Asia market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Alan, I may be reaching out a little far, but I think my bigger questions have been answered. Pension expense, is this more of a fiscal '13 issue and can you -- some other companies are starting to talk about it, can you give us any guidance on what you're thinking about pension costs when we revise the assumptions there?
Alan B. Graf: Well, my favorite subject, if you've got 3 hours, we can talk about it. But obviously, May 31, the end of our fiscal year, we'll take a look at what -- how our assets have performed and what our discount rate is and we'll deal with it when we deal with it. I should say I think that versus many companies that I look at in the universe of all companies, we've done an excellent job with our liability driven investment strategy, our portfolio is actually up since June 1. So on the asset side at the moment, we're feeling pretty comfortable. It'll all be decided by the discount rate and we'll know that when we get there. But I'm not expecting to have the shock and awe that some of these other companies are going to have, particularly those who had September 30 year end fiscal dates.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Hoexter from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to bring it back to Ground. I guess, Dave, if you look at the growth in the Ground network, you're up to almost 4 million packages per day on the pure Ground side and the SmartPost's up almost another 2 million. Is there kind of sizable investments you need to start making as SmartPost is maintaining this pace? I just want to understand your investment and your scalability to keep pace with the growth you're seeing and keeping margins at those levels.
David F. Rebholz: Ken, this is Dave. It's a great question. We ponder this monthly. We have plenty of capacity to grow. We try to size our network around peak. Unfortunately, with the large retail base, we have peaking factors that are greater than other OpCos at FedEx. Knowing that, we implement strategies and investments that size it accordingly. I don't think we have any risk and I do not think that we have any additional expense that we have to play or pay for. The SmartPost model is different than the Ground model and the home model, but in reality, I think we're sized perfectly for where we need to go over the next 2 or 3 years.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Ceraso with Crédit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I know you spent a fair amount of time on the airplane and the strategy, but just 1 follow-up question here on the 777. Is there anything implicit in this decision to defer some of the airplanes? A comment on the actual returns that you're seeing, in other words, is it proving to be worth it for you to buy these 777s in order to offer the later drop-off time for your customers, are they paying up for this service?
David J. Bronczek: The answer is absolutely yes. We love the 777s. We'll love them into the future. We just had, as Fred pointed out and I mentioned in my comments, an opportunity in the short term here for the U.S. network to put the 767 in, to better improve our profitability primarily here in the United States by replacing the MD-10s with a better opportunity. I should add that because we're so big and a powerful network that we have the ability to flex around the world. So when I talk about replacing capacity or adjusting for capacity, we have a lot of frequencies into most markets around the world so when we adjust our capacity, we're never eliminating or distracting from our service to our customers, never. It's just the amount of frequency we put into those markets. So the 777s, they're fantastic, customers love them, we have later departures, earlier arrivals all around the world and that will be the backbone of our system going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan.
Scott H. Group - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: So Alan, I think I heard you mention that you're expecting International Priority volumes to be flattish in the second half of fiscal '12. I was wondering if you can talk about some of your other volume assumptions for Domestic Express and Ground, and LTL, if you can give some color there. And then also, is there any benefit in fiscal '12 from lower maintenance or with the planes or does that happen starting in fiscal '13?
Alan B. Graf: I think it's nothing dramatically departing from what we've been seeing in terms of the segment growth rates. We expect Ground will continue to grow. As I said, I think IP will be around flat year-over-year within a range. I think Domestic Express will be flat to maybe down a bit just as it has been. And we've been working very hard on our yields at Freight. We're now about ready to lap some comparisons and we expect to see Freight get back on a growth plane as well and that's all in the range that I've given you. And as far as maintenance, yes, we're working very hard on maintenance. When you park airplanes, you're able to defer maintenance for some period of time and we're very careful about which airplanes we park and for how long we park them. We keep them on the op spec. We can pull them out in a hurry, just as we've done in the past. Just adding one more thing to what Fred said, we are really trying to allocate our capital as best we can to drive ROIC. And the 777s in International are terrific. All we're changing right now is we're leaving MD-11s internationally and replacing these maintenance and fuel hog MD-10s in our Domestic business. That is a much higher return than using MD-11s to replace MD-10s in the domestic business and add additional 777s, particularly on the economic environment that we are in. So we are driving our returns by making this decision and lowering our CapEx in fiscal '13.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Hartford from Robert W. Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is for Bill Logue. I was hoping we could dive a little bit deeper on the LTL side. Alan addressed the volume expectations to some extent but with 4% growth on the industrial production side next year as the base line, how confident are you that we can sustain this kind of 4% plus type x fuel yield growth that you've experienced this quarter into calendar 2012?
William J. Logue: Yes, great question. The sales team has done a great job for us on our yield front and worked our yield initiative very well. We continue to focus heavily on that, and as Alan mentioned, we started to lap ourselves in the volume on a year-over-year comparison. So we believe that, as we move forward, we have still have great opportunities. We're focusing heavily on the small, medium customer which is a very big segment for us from both a margin profitability perspective and from a market share opportunity, it's a big one. And also, as we go forward, we'll continue, again, right now, we're hitting the third quarter, which, for us, is December, January, February. From an LTL perspective it's obviously our challenging quarter and we're managing through that, getting ready to position ourselves strongly for Q4 as we move on. So we're very happy where we are from a year-over-year perspective.
T. Michael Glenn: This is Mike Glenn. On the yield front, the sales team has done a terrific job. And I want to point out that, going forward, we will be certainly be focused on yield improvement in the Express business. But I think a big driver there will be the change in customer mix as we bring on more and more small customers and that will be equally important as just normal rate increases that we get on a contractual basis.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Vernon with Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Just about the competitive dynamic in terms of market share stability on the Asia to Europe versus the Asia to U.S. lane, are you seeing, in this weak growth environment, any sort of change in behavior by some of the competitors on the long-haul IP package?
David J. Bronczek: No, not in the main. On certain lanes, they try to match the opportunities that we've provided our customers. But in the main, we have our business lined out for our customers and the lanes into Asia and the lanes into United States. So if any of our competitors were trying to match that, they would have a hard time matching our later departures and earlier arrivals.
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Jacobs with Jacobs Broel Asset Management.
Peter S. Jacobs: Dave, I wanted to turn back to the 767, 777 capital spending plans, and I'm going to guess that a part of the decision to go with the 767s is that Boeing likely offered you a great deal on those, they tried to bridge the gap through the building of the tanker for the U.S. Air Force. And so, I mean, is it fair to say that this kind of dropped in your lap and that spurred you to make this decision where otherwise you probably would not have in that the pricing was probably pretty good? I'm not sure to the extent that you can confirm this, but I guess a nod or a wink would help us maybe better understand this opportunity that was presented to you.
David J. Bronczek: Well, we've looked at the opportunity to improve our efficiencies and our fleet for many years now and quite frankly, our opportunities were to leave the MD-11s, as Alan and Fred correctly pointed out with our 777s, versus moving the MD-11s back. And this opportunity came along and it was a good opportunity for us and good for Boeing to replace a very old, very inefficient MD-11 or MD-10 that we had looked at replacing for many years now. So I think I would just leave it at that. We have a great opportunity to improve our operating profitability, our efficiency, fuel efficiency that we have been studying for a long time now into our fleet and we're very comfortable with the role that, that 767 plays with our 757 and with the 777.
Frederick W. Smith: One of the things that, for those of you who are interested in the airplane transaction Mike focused on, is the fact that there are 2 certified conversion programs for the 767. And the 767s have stayed in service a lot longer than many people thought they would because of the delays in the 787. And there's a good possibility that in a couple of years, as the 787 comes out and the 767s are released around the world, we might have made the same decision using used 767s, or for that matter, A330-200s, had they offered us a conversion program. So the new opportunity was a very good transaction for both us, I think, and Boeing. And it provides us with the opportunity to buy all new 767s or a mix of new and used. So you have to put this transaction in that context to broader industry issues.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Campbell with Thompson Davis and Company.
David P. Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company: There is a lot of talk, as you know, about recessions in Europe, how the situation there will get worse regarding the industrials production, consumer spending, I haven't seen it in the seasonal Air Freight data. And you talked about your IP growth totaling up in Europe. So I wondered if you had any visibility as to business activity there in the next 6 months to a year.
David J. Bronczek: Well, I'll start off and then Alan can -- from our perspective from FedEx Express in Europe as Alan pointed out, we actually are growing, we're doing quite well, we're expanding, we're doing a lot of things to improve service pickups and later departures and the customers are responding with obviously more traffic for us. So from the next 6 months, from FedEx Express's perspective, we see pretty much business as usual for us.
Alan B. Graf: David, we have an organic growth program underway inside of Europe, which is helping us tremendously. I think we've opened a number of new stations, made better connections improving our reliability and we're going to continue to do that. So our crystal ball is like everybody else's. I mean frankly, who knows what's going to happen over there? But so far, we've seen strength and we think we're going to see growth from Europe the rest of the fiscal year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Justin Yagerman from Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just curious on the market share side, you made a quick comment that IP volumes were actually up in Europe. And it would seem to me that looking at the competitive landscape, your European competitors feel impaired for a variety of different reasons. When you guys are going into multinational customers, is there worry over doing business with these European companies right now? And I guess are you winning business based on their inability to service regions that you guys are now going to?
T. Michael Glenn: Justin, this is Mike. We're winning business based upon the global value preposition that we offer. Multinational companies are obviously doing businesses, by definition, in a number of different parts of the world and our ability to connect those locations with the largest, the fastest, the best service levels is really what's winning the day. We don't sense any issue regarding reluctance to deal with 1 competitor versus another over economic conditions in Europe. It's the value proposition that's winning the day.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Fred, I wanted to ask you what you think of the current cycle. We're seeing this trend where heavy weight air freight out of Asia has been weak for quite a while. Your Asia outbound IP volumes have shown some weakness since July, August, obviously not as much is the heavyweight, and then the GDP that you're looking at seems to be still modest growth. So do you think this is kind of a normal response from air freight at this point later in the economic cycle? And how do you think that relationship between air freight and IP versus GDP would play out looking a bit forward?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, this is a big question that's being debated by a lot of people in the industry. For many, many years, the growth in air freight, meaning, the aggregate marketplace, whether it's the smallest individual package or a big consignment of heavy skids has grown at about twice the rate of GDP. And that connection over the last couple of 3 years seems to have been broken to some degree. It's a bit hard to say exactly because you had the tremendous meltdown in '08 and '09. But I think our overall belief is, and this plays to the strength that Dave Bronczek has been talking about today, the movement of goods by air internationally is changing in the following ways. Number one, the marketplace has evolved so there's a lot more small shipments going door-to-door and that's why the long-range capabilities of the 777s and these super express freighters, as we call them, are very important because it gives you more time to service your small and medium customers in the origin markets and we'll continue to do that as the 777s come in, we'll put in longer-range routes a few per year. In some of the other routes, you don't have to have that range capability. MD-11s stopping in Anchorage or going across the Atlantic is fine and is roughly the same capacity. The second thing that's marked by the air freight business today versus where it used to be, is it seems to be much more episodial and we think that's because such a high percentage of the business is composed of electronics. What is it Mike? About 25%? About 25% of the entire air freight market in its broadest sense are composed of electronics and they're now built around product launches, new devices and so forth, and that's why having this big fleet and the ability to flex up and down is very helpful because Dave can put on 50 additional flights per month if he needs, our fleet is so big between 777s and MD-11s. And so that seems to be a factor that's marking it. So you've got more door-to-door smaller shipments, more sort of episodial or cyclicality. And then I think the third thing is the information systems in logistics change have gotten lots better and so people are using more ocean with better visibility for the commodity type move and it's just really a tradeoff between carrying costs and obsolescence. And I might say that's why several years ago, we put such an effort into building our FedEx trade networks out. So we now have that broad product line from Ocean Freight, commodity Air Freight, the Economy package, the Economy International Freight, International Priority Packaging, International Priority Freight. So that's all I can tell you, but it's not clear whether the relationship has been true in the last 25 or 30 years of roughly 2 times GDP will stay. But for our purposes, we think we can take market share and win that overall air freight market.
Operator: And this will conclude the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Mickey Foster for any closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you very much for your participation on the FedEx Corporation's Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Please feel free to call anyone in the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions. Happy holidays.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the call today. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-09-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan B. Graf - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David J. Bronczek - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express and President of FedEx Express Christine P. Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary David F. Rebholz - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Ground Package System Inc and President of FedEx Ground Package System Inc T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President of Market Development & Corporate Communications, Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Services and President of FedEx Services Mickey Foster - Vice President Investor Relations Frederick W. Smith - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: James Corridore - S&P Equity Research Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Seth Lowry Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Scott Group - Wolfe Research Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Urs Dür - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jason H. Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert F. Pickels - Manning & Napier Advisors, Inc Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation First Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. The first quarter earnings release and our 25-page Stat Book are on our web site at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our web site, and the replay and podcast download will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question in order to allow us to accommodate all those who would like to participate. Next quarter, we will enhance our earnings call by taking written questions the morning of the release through our web site in addition to questions on the call. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on the call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of the web site at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, and General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President of Fedex Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter, followed by Alan Graf. After Alan, we will conduct a question-and-answer session.
Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning, and welcome to our discussion of operating and financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. Revenue and earnings increased significantly in the quarter due to strong FedEx Ground performance, improved FedEx Freight performance and the continued success of the company's yield management actions. While there's been considerable speculation that the economy has or will soon enter a recession, this is not our view at present. We expect sluggish economic growth will continue largely due to a lack of confidence that U.S. and European policymakers will effectively address current economic challenges. Slowing global economic growth affected volume and operating performance at FedEx Express in the first quarter. Accordingly, we've taken actions to manage through a period of lower demand for shipping, particularly in International Express. We have many options that allow us to flex our operations up or down to balance capacity and demand such as reducing the number of airplanes in service and other related activities when demand slows. While economic environment is challenging, we remain confident FedEx will improve earnings, improve margins and cash flows this fiscal year. During this first quarter, a few highlights. FedEx Express completed its acquisition of MultiPack, a Mexican domestic express package delivery company and launched domestic next-business-day service in Columbia's major cities. FedEx Freight added new markets in Mexico. FedEx Express enhanced service between Asia and Europe and within the FedEx Express AsiaOne network. In India, we broadened the reach of FedEx branded domestic services. In 2 years, we've grown Domestic Express Services from 16 origin cities and 58 destination cities to 116 origin cities and 331 destinations. FedEx Trade Networks, our international ocean and air forwarding company, opened 3 new offices in Munich, Bucharest, Romania, and Chengdu in China. FedEx Office enhanced its portfolio of mobile business solutions with a first-to-market feature allowing customers to retrieve files from their Google accounts for convenient printing from where ever their files are stored. And last month, FedEx delivered about 200,000 pounds of high-nutrient food in response to the famine in Somalia for UNICEF. FedEx, in this regard, donated more than 5 million pounds of shipping last year to various causes around the world. Now let me turn the call over to Alan Graf, our Chief Financial Officer, for his comments on the quarter. Alan?
Alan B. Graf: Well, thank you, Fred, and good morning, everyone. During the first quarter of fiscal '12, FedEx Corporation earned $1.46 per share, a year-over-year increase of 22%. The result was within the range we provided in June and was led by our yield improvement program, outstanding performance at Ground and a swing to profit at Freight from last year. Looking at FedEx Corporation, revenue increased 11% to $10.5 billion versus $9.5 billion last year. Operating income increased 17% to $737 million versus $628 million the previous year, and our operating margin improved to 7% versus 6.6% the previous year. Our performance was led by Ground. Ground continued its outstanding performance for the segment. For the segment, revenue was up -- was $2.3 billion, up 16% versus last year's first quarter. Operating profit was $407 million, an increase of 42% and operating margin was 17.9%. Ground package volume was up 5% and yields were up 9%, 6% from base yield improvement and 3% from higher fuel surcharges. SmartPost average daily volume increased 29% to 1.4 million packages and yield was up 5%, all of which is attributed to higher fuel surcharges. The incredible industry-leading speed and reliability of the Ground network continues to win customers and deliver outstanding financial results. Looking at Freight, revenue was $1.33 billion, up 6% year-over-year. And operating income was $42 million versus a loss of $16 million a year ago, resulting from increased LTL yield and efficiencies coming from January's combination of FedEx Freight and FedEx National operations. LTL yield increased 11%, 6% from base yield improvement and 5% from higher fuel surcharges. LTL volume did decline 7%. Turning now to Express. Revenue for the quarter was $6.6 billion, up 12% from the prior year, but operating income fell 19% to $288 million. U.S. domestic package yields increased 13%, including 7% of base improvement and 6% due to higher fuel surcharges. IP package yields increased 16%. Fuel surcharge accounted for 6%, and base and exchange rates provided 10% in the year-over-year improvements. However, slower global economic growth, particularly from Asia, resulted in a shift to our lower yielding services and reduced demand in general for IP package and U.S. domestic services. U.S. domestic volume declined 3%. IP volume declined 4% and total International Priority weight was up 2%. I should note that last year, inventory restocking was occurring and the comparisons were going to be tough without the economic shortfall. The decline in economic conditions versus what we expected for the first quarter outpaced reductions in variable operating costs such as flat hours and FTEs. Simply stated, we put capacity out anticipating traffic that did not materialize. We have subsequently adjusted our networks to match current demand. Turning to our outlook. As we said in the release, we're projecting earnings to be $1.40 to $1.60 per diluted share in the second quarter and $6.25 to $6.75 per diluted share for fiscal 2012 compared to the company's previous full year forecast of $6.35 to $6.85 per share. This guidance assumes the current market outlook for fuel prices and moderate low growth in the global economy. Even though the economy for the rest of the fiscal year will be weaker than we thought when we provided annual guidance in June, the range was only lowered $0.10 per share as we expect further yield improvements across our portfolio, continued strong Ground and improved Freight performance, and we have positioned our express network for lower volumes. I should note that our express network is now properly aligned to current volume levels, and we have additional action plans and trigger points identified to quickly further reduce frequencies and expenses if the economic conditions continue to deteriorate from here. We are not relying on significant Express volume growth to drive operating margin improvement in quarters 2 through 4 at Express, which we know it will come. Strong Ground financial performance will continue, as well as ongoing profitability at freight. Additionally, we have built-in shock absorbers to use as needed such as reduction in variable compensation accruals. And with that, now we're ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Donald Broughton with Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: The question I'm sure is on everyone's mind, talk to us about current Asian, Hong Kong volumes. I know we're very early in the quarter, but what have you seen already just in the first couple of weeks of that quarter -- of that volume as it's developing?
David J. Bronczek: Donald, this is Dave Bronczek. Thanks for the question. Well, Alan said it right. We've readjusted our Linehaul anticipating moderate growth over in Asia. Of course, when you saw the quarter -- last quarter, we were at 6% growth in IP in Q4 to negative 4%. So we're actually very comfortable with the performance that we're expecting in Q2 relative to our new network performance that we put in place. And I think you'll see improved profits and margins for Express coming out of Q2. And the question specifically on Hong Kong, we're actually going to see a pickup in our traffic relative to last year's Q2. We have more high-tech customers that shipped last year in Q1 that are going to be shipping in Q2.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to ask you a bit about the cost side. Alan, you gave us some comments at that you've reset the network in terms of some of the cost items. But maybe if you could give a little more detail behind that in terms of how -- what Express headcount might look like year-over-year with the reset network and what you think Express margin might look like year-over-year given that you do have some volume pressures, but you've done some work on the cost side, and obviously, pricing should provide some support.
Alan B. Graf: Well, I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Dave to get more specific. We were on track for growth in June when we gave you our first quarter and annual earnings guidance. And then in July, we saw sudden deceleration that continued all the way through August, again, versus tough comps, particularly I'm talking about International Priority. And that's continuing right now. But we have done a substantial amount of network reduction, which does take us anywhere from a month to 6 weeks to change our flight schedules and change the amount of hours that we have in the field. And so we believe now that we've caught up with that, and I'm going to let Dave give you some more details because his team has done a great job.
David J. Bronczek: Thanks, Alan. That's right. We actually have -- and going back to that earlier question from Donald, our comps in Q2 will be much easier for us to hit, quite frankly, on the revenue side. And our expenses are better because we've actually gone back and adjust the Linehaul, the frequencies, the headcount and some of the traffic that we're anticipating coming from some high-tech customers in Q2. So we're positioned quite well for Q2.
Alan B. Graf: I want to go back also and talk about Ground and Freight, what we're seeing great productivity. I mean, 17.9% margins at Ground in the first quarter are phenomenal. And Freight, I mean its second consecutive quarter of profitability. We're starting to see a lot of productivity improvements with more to come from the combination of those networks. So on the cost side there, we're in terrific shape.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So if I'm hearing you right, it sounds like the Express issue was more of a timing issue than it is actual economic weakness. I mean it sounds like last -- in Q1, you had difficult comps because your customers last year were bringing a lot of goods in and restocking. And this quarter should be easier because now we're going to see an easier year-over-year comp. But you also called out weakness in Asia and we heard that from your main competitor last week at their Investor Day. So I guess what I'm just trying to figure out is, how much the environment has actually stepped down versus how much of this is actually a timing issue in terms of when your customers are shipping goods? And then I guess on top of that, if I could, just how you have such confidence in the visibility into that high-tech chain?
David J. Bronczek: Well, thanks for the question. It's actually a combination of everything you just said. It is a slowing down in Asia, obviously, when you look at our Q4 IP performance of plus 4% on the volume and up on the yields and then negative 4% in Q1, so it swung pretty dramatically. So it's partly that. It's partly that last year in Q1, if you go back, actually, our 2-year running rate for Q1 to Q1 is actually up 14%. That just goes to show you how strong last year's Q1 was for IP and driven obviously by Asia and specifically, China. So you have a very high Q1 last year. And to compare it to Q1 this year, it was tougher. We had a lot of traffic in the high-tech sector in Q1 last year. That's actually shifted to Q2 this year. So Q2's comps, you can understand, are more -- they're relatively easier to hit and the expenses are better because we went back and readjusted the Linehaul so that it actually gives us the confidence in the Q2.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew Brooklier with Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just wondering if you could provide some commentary in terms of, I guess, your macro assumptions baked into your current annual guidance. I think previously you had commented on in June with the guide specific GDP and IP numbers. Just wondering if you could talk a little bit about that.
T. Michael Glenn: Matthew, let me review our current GDP assumptions. For calendar year FY -- excuse me, calendar year '11, our current GDP forecast is 1.8%. For calendar year '12, our GDP forecast is 2.5%. The industrial production forecast for calendar year '11 is 4.1% and the industrial production forecast for calendar year '12 is 3.9%. I think it's important to note the forecast has come down for just a couple of reasons. One, as you know, the Bureau of Economic Analysis revised down the historical GDP growth rates and that impacted about 2/3 of our forecast. The other third of the forecast was really impacted by the issues that we're dealing with, with the U.S. debt crisis, Treasury downgrades and the EU debt crisis. And let me put a point on the debt ceiling debate and its impact on consumer sentiment. There was a university -- excuse me, a Michigan Consumer Sentiment Index study that was done during the time of the debt ceiling debate, and over that 2-month period, consumer sentiment dropped almost 16 points and it was directly related to the lack of confidence in the country's ability to deal with that issue. So make no mistake about it, a lot of what we're dealing with today is sentiment based. There's some sound underlying economic issues such as the auto sector which we talked about earlier, but we've got to turn around the sentiment in order to see some growth beyond what we're expecting right now.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Art Hatfield with Morgan Keegan.
Arthur W. Hatfield - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick 2-part question. First, Alan, I thought I heard you say that the volume decline in Asia are continuing. Can you just characterize that further? And then secondly, can you talk a little bit about what's going -- you mentioned what prices are going -- list prices are going to do at the beginning of 2012. Can you talk a little bit about what's going on with contract pricing right now?
Alan B. Graf: We're only supposed to let you have one question, Art, but you snuck it in, so. I'm just saying understand that the trends that we saw in the first quarter are continuing in the easier comps in the second quarter out of Asia. There's no real pickup at this point. I think we had an earlier question about how do we have such good visibility? Well, since we're talking to our customers every day, they tell us exactly when and what they're going to ship. So I have a lot of confidence about what our Asia traffic is going to look like in the second quarter and all the way through the holiday season.
T. Michael Glenn: Art, this is Mike. The list price increase that we announced for Express and U.S. export is consistent with what we've done in the last 2 years. During this period of time, I'm also very proud of the sales team and the revenue management team for the job that they've done in working with our customers to renegotiate new contract rates. We have been exceeding our expectations in that regard and are quite pleased with that performance and expect that to continue at least through this contract cycle.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nate Brochmann with William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Yes, I wanted to talk a little bit about kind of to tag along with those questions what you're hearing from your customers on their inventory levels and whether there's any true optimism that we could see some emergency shipping heading into the late holiday peak season.
T. Michael Glenn: Retailers have certainly responded to the weaker sentiment by managing inventory levels very conservatively. As a matter of fact, the value of inventory levels relative to sales is near historic lows, and we believe that any increase in consumer sentiment and consumer spending could certainly benefit us by more expedited transportation based upon these lean inventories. So as we see new product introductions in the tech sector, particularly in the mobile device sector, that can certainly benefit us.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Ross with Stifel, Nicolaus.
David G. Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A question on the FedEx Freight segment, improving margins there and better pricing. Are the volumes where you want them to be and when do you expect to see your volume growth in the network?
William J. Logue: David, this is Bill. Yes, we're pleased with the current volume levels, obviously with the current economic soft patch. We are about one more quarter before we'll start to see year-over-year growth. So again, the negative 7 on the volume, obviously, is the result of our yield strategy. And we -- one more quarter to go and we should be lapping ourselves and heading into annual year-over-year growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin W. Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Going back to Express, how much of an impact was Japan on your Express volumes? And then also, are you seeing any strength in other regions, maybe South America?
David J. Bronczek: Yes. Japan, obviously, like most of Asia Pacific kind of fell into the same soft patch that Billy was talking about. But mostly, it was China. So I would say that Japan and most of Asia Pacific was softer. In terms of Latin America, yes, that's actually been strengthening. So we're seeing some additional volume from Brazil and Mexico and Latin America in general. But the question on Japan, kind of fell under the same category, but it was the lesser impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jason Seidl with Dahlman Rose.
Jason H. Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC, Research Division: A quick question. There's been a lot of talk about the post office and the post office pulling back. You are the largest contractor, but clearly if they eliminated Saturday deliveries, that would be on the positive side. Net-net, what would you be looking at in terms of the impact for that reaction from the post office?
Christine P. Richards: Jason, it's Chris Richards. As everyone knows, the business fundamentals of the post office have changed and they need action by Congress to address some of the issues. There have been a number of different proposals offered in legislation and we're monitoring that situation closely. As you note, FedEx Ground is the large customer of the Postal Service with our SmartPost service. And FedEx Express is a key provider to the Postal Service because we provide the transportation service that has improved the reliability of Postal Service's priority mail service from less than 70% to more than 95%. We look forward to continuing both of those relationships. We'll be monitoring the situation and feel confident with our relationship with them.
Operator: Our next concert question comes from Jeff Kauffman with Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey A. Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask the below-the-line question, big change in other net. Could you give us a little bit of insight on that?
Alan B. Graf: Well, big change but really not too material. I mean, I'll talk about tax rate and interest, we got a lot of cash. We're capitalizing a lot of interest expense on the 777 deliveries. Our tax rates, a little bit lower because we are permanently investing offshore a lot of earnings that we actually do intend to reinvest offshore. So all those things, Jeff, are helping us below the line. But the real story will be how well the economy grows going forward and that will be the bigger difference as we look at quarters 2 through 4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William J. Greene - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Alan, Fred mentioned in his comments that he doesn't see at this point a double dip. When we think back to '08, what was sort of the canary in the coal mine? What are the things you'd be watching for to say, yes, our business is turning south at a broad portfolio level? As we think about each sort of segment, what are the things we need to watch?
Alan B. Graf: Well, I think Mike hit it. I mean, it's consumer sentiment this time. We have an environment of significantly lower interest rates than we had in 2008. We have really -- if you look at Ground's performance and we still have an economy that is growing and moving things. And so at this point, there hasn't been this, well, we're just going to shut down everything kind of mentality that we went through the last time, I think. The company is much more flexible in its cost structure than it was back in 2008. We're able to react much more rapidly, much more variable costs than we were. So all of those things, I think, protect us on the downside. In my range, we have, because we are forecasting a substantial improvement year-over-year, we have our annual incentive compensation is being fully funded and it wasn't back in that timeframe. We can also start to reduce that and will if we start seeing a deterioration. So just a completely different situation. Our customers' hair is not on fire. They're just saying, "We're going to be steady as you go." So it just feels completely different than it did back in '08.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Nesvold with Jefferies & Company.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: If I can dig maybe just a little bit into the guidance, it directionally feels a little back ended and the reason I say that is when I look at -- if I strip out the midpoint of fiscal second quarter, midpoint of the year, if I did the math right, it seems like you're assuming high-single-digit earnings growth in the back half above past peak earnings. And then to put that into contrast from fiscal 1Q to fiscal 2Q, it's almost flat sequentially whereas historically you might have seen like a $0.10 bump on the low end to $0.20 on the high end. So it feels like the expectations are kind of set low for the current quarter, but that in the back half of the year, your fiscal year, it seems like things are anticipated to get directionally better. Is there anything beyond the GDP forecast that you had cited that would suggest that or am I interpreting the information wrong?
Alan B. Graf: A couple of things. First, we're not expecting the peak we had last year. But even with that, we're going to have a substantial earnings improvement in the second quarter even when you count the charges that we had in last year's second quarter. So sequentially from the first quarter -- I mean the company worked really hard in the first quarter to lower its cost to achieve that number. And so if we were going to have our normal really high peak, you'd probably see a lot bigger differential sequentially Q2 over Q1. As we get to the second half, again, Express -- we expect Ground and Freight to continue their performance. And Express, we think the volume situation will be a little better than it was in the first quarter with a little bit of growth, but we don't need a whole lot to hit those numbers. And so that's why I still have a pretty wide range for the year. It depends on where the economy falls out. But right now, we're feeling, like we told you, fairly confident that it's going to be a steady as she goes and no double dip.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Chase with Barclays Capital.
Garrett L. Chase - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Last quarter, one of the things that you guys spoke about was some degree of investment in Express, that the other segments were performing so well that you decided to accelerate some of the investment there. I wondered if you could just elaborate a bit on where those investments were being made, if they continued in the fiscal first quarter and whether or not some of the cost reduction will come from sort of a wind down of that investment activity.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave Bronczek. That's correct. We've added some more investments in Europe, Asia, Latin America, and they're all geared to improve our profits and our margins. They're all organic in nature. They're all station operation, sales marketing and so forth. So it is the same as we said in Q4 of last year. We decided to keep those programs in place because they were going to improve our profits and our margins. And they're all organic inside FedEx Express in Europe, Asia and Latin America.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Robert Pickels with Manning & Napier.
Robert F. Pickels - Manning & Napier Advisors, Inc: Just -- and you may have touched on it a little bit already, but what would cause you to adjust your capital spending forecast? I mean you've been spending a lot and I think the economy is slowing. What would cause you to adjust that in the rest of the year or going forward?
Alan B. Graf: I think you got to take a look at the performance of the company in general. I mean, we're in a 25% ROIC at Ground. I'm going to put as much money in Ground as they can possibly stand and continue to grow and take market share with those margins in return. So we're not backing off any. We may even be accelerating there. In terms of Freight, we're going to make sure that we have the most modern equipment and the highest-service levels to help them get back to their double-digit margins. So we're going to continue to invest there. And in terms of Express, we're not going to back off from our 777 orders, whatsoever. We may delay some station expansion and some hub improvements and things like that depending, but it'll just be on the margin. But remember, we're still enjoying the accelerated depreciation from a tax standpoint, so we still want to take advantage of that. We'd be looking more at FY '13 and beyond for us to be talking about any significant reduction in CapEx.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Schoonmaker with MorningStar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just some expansion of OD points in India. I was hoping you could elaborate a bit on this market particularly in regards to dealing with low price per parcel, maybe what portion of this business is carried by company assets, materiality of that market in the IP portfolio.
David J. Bronczek: Yes, we -- as you know, we acquired a company in India for exactly that purpose to bundle and leverage the domestic market in India and our international business in and out of India. And of course, that market is so important to us strategically going forward, connecting India to Asia, and India to Europe and the United States. So we've made a lot of improvements there, bought a very nice company there and we're integrating it to bundle our customers to give them better value.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Ceraso with Crédit Suisse.
Christopher J. Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit more about Asia, maybe give us some color on where you saw the slowdown sequentially, what industries or which customers, and which destinations? Is it U.S? Is it Europe?
David J. Bronczek: I'll start and I'll kick it over to Mike Glenn. But obviously, last year, in the first quarter, we had a booming quarter in Asia and we had a lot of high-tech traffic coming through multiple big customers of ours. And that shipping pattern is shifting into the second quarter this year. So we had high growth rates. Obviously, when you look at our 2-year average of 14% volume growth and what I just said our IP was negative 4% this year, you can see that last year's Q1 was booming in international. So it's obviously, mostly China, mostly the high-tech customers for Express. Mike, you want to add to that?
T. Michael Glenn: Well, I agree with what Dave said. And again, I'd like to reinforce is the consumer sentiment issues that we're dealing with right now. There's just an overall lack of confidence, and I think that's impacting certainly exports out of Asia and China in general. We were impacted most by the tech sector, though.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ben Hartford with Baird.
Benjamin J. Hartford - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: To follow up on that, Dave, I'm wondering if you could provide what the IP volume growth number was for the month of August, just to get a sense for the pace of change through the quarter and what we have experienced from an IP volume growth or contraction number here in the first 3 weeks of September?
David J. Bronczek: Well, we obviously don't give out regions in IP volumes and so forth. But I'll add to what Alan said before on a comp basis year-over-year. We're very pleased with how the performance is going to do in Q2 for IP going into the comp comparison year-over-year for volume, it will improve and the yields are still strong, and our expenses are improving. So really, that's a story for us for International in the Q2.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Group with Wolfe Trahan.
Scott Group - Wolfe Research: So I hear that you feel you've adjusted the network for slower volumes, but can you give some color on what kind of volume growth you're actually expecting? It certainly sounds like you're expecting a lot better than minus 3% in the U.S. and minus 4% IP. Is it fair that you have assumed growth closer to 3%, 3.5% between your GDP and IP assumptions? And just with that, how much of the buyback is assumed in your guidance now?
Alan B. Graf: I will just say that we're not expecting a big difference from what we experienced in the first quarter, particularly in the second quarter. We do expect it to slowly improve on the comps year-over-year. But we don't, again, as I've said in my opening remarks, we don't need, at Express, much growth at all to hit the range that I've given you because we have done such a good job of matching the size of our network accordingly. And don't forget about our yield improvement program which is delivering unbelievable results, as I mentioned to you, on the base improvements, and that is going to continue. Regarding the buyback, it's not a material impact in the range.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christian Wetherbee with Citi.
Seth Lowry: This is Seth Lowry in for Chris. I just wondering if you could give us a sense if you're to sort of average out fourth quarter and first quarter IP volume trends and let's say that 2Q plays out as expected, what's sort of the trailing couple of quarters run rate on IP that you're seeing and if could you just give us a sense on that?
T. Michael Glenn: Yes. I think the best way to deal with the IP issue is to state that we have seen a modest improvement in trends going forward relative to our expectations. But as Alan said, we don't anticipate a significant peak this year, so that's important to keep in perspective, that we do anticipate some product launches in the tech sector based upon feedback from our customers which will certainly benefit us. And we've got better comps. But again, I would just summarize by saying that we have seen some improvement relative to what we've been seeing in the quarter. But we don't expect strong volume growth in that sector, as Alan mentioned earlier.
Frederick W. Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. One of the things that you have to focus on in the international air cargo and the International Express market is the fact that a very large percentage of the goods that are moved by air today are technology and electronic products. And we know from talking to our customers, the retailers, the manufacturers and so forth, the primary driver of the reduced demand is the lower sales of electronic product. And in the second quarter, there will be some new product launches, but there hasn't been a collapse in demand on electronic products. It's just that the consumer is, with the sentiment that Mike mentioned, just doesn't have an appetite for a considerably more purchases. That's really the swing issue in the express market place in the international side of the house.
T. Michael Glenn: Yes. Let me just add to what Fred said because that's right. If you look at our numbers closely there, our IPFS weight, the pounds actually went up 2% year-over-year in Q2. So they shifted some of the premium products into more deferred as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: If I can just switch over to Ground for a second. Your margins were up 350 basis points year-over-year, I think the highest level I've seen since you created FedEx Ground. Can you talk about what drove that? Was that just volumes pouring onto the network or is there anything onetime in nature in that number? It's obviously a very strong number.
David F. Rebholz: Ken, this is Dave Rebholz. There's good volume. We got the benefit of yield from fuel as the headline said that we've released. We got the benefit from pricing actions. We have a few key accounts that are blowing and going, and we're pleased to service them. I think the more important point is that the customers are recognizing the very positive differential in our service offering. There was a time where people questioned why weren't we like Express. Well, now, our service performance is like Express. All up, I think customers really like what we have to offer. We're at the right price point. We're getting a premium because of our significant -- relatively speaking, 24% speed advantage on overnight lanes. And as we've talked before, we have a huge advantage in the aggregate marketplace with all the changes we made. They've been an investment, but the investment is paying off. So we're very pleased and customers like what we have to offer. And then last but not least, our broad portfolio of commercial, home, which has its unique attributes and SmartPost are really providing the opportunity to grow for customers who are looking for the right channel. And we can trade off channels for price, and that really works.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Corridore with S&P IQ.
James Corridore - S&P Equity Research: Most of my questions have been answered. But I want to know -- Fred spoke about leverage you could pull in terms of reducing frequencies or reducing volumes. Have you taken any planes out of service or actually reduced frequencies out of Asia to combat the slowness?
David J. Bronczek: The answer is yes obviously. We adjusted the Linehaul. It didn't affect the service at all. But we did because of the lower volumes, we were able to take some of the frequencies out and move them into the United States and when we need to, we can look at adjusting it further.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin B. Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was just wondering if you guys can give a little more quantification on the cost reductions that took place in the quarter. If you look at -- Alan, how much annualized cost came out of Express, can you give us a sense -- and maybe if we can get a sense of how many planes have been taken out, whether they're permanently retired or planes that would come back into service at some point or another. I guess just trying to get a feel for how big of a cost reduction took place. And I guess if things took another step change down, if you have to take out more planes or if that's kind of if you think the network is right sized for even another step down.
David J. Bronczek: I think it's important to point out that we're such a big, powerful network that we have a lot of flexibility and the utilization of our planes is really the key. I mean, when there's a swing up in demand, we add extra sections and extra frequencies. When there's swings down, we pull them down. And so pull down our flight hours and all the associated costs that go along with that. It's a big swing. Now what Alan said to start with is June actually, we're starting off pretty strong and right when we got into July, that we saw the changes start to take place. So to pull the network back takes a little bit of time. The good news is we've done that now. If it continues to strengthen, then we have the flexibility to add the frequencies back in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Urs Dür with Lazard.
Urs Dür - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Most everything has really been asked multiple times. I like the fact that you're not saying it's a double-dip recession. I tend to agree. Can you just give us more of a macro view on sluggish growth in the West and better growth in the East? What are your GDP outlooks for the major regions including South America? Do you have those and willing to share them?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, I've given you the calendar year numbers. I think we'll stay at that level. I think when you start dissecting the economy down to regional levels within the U.S., that's probably putting a finer point than need be for this call. But again, we expect modest growth to continue. The biggest drag on economic improvement at this time is sentiment. And the country, as well as FedEx, needs to change in that in order to benefit from further economic growth.
Operator: We'll take a follow-up question from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan.
Thomas R. Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Chris had -- Chris Richards had commented a little bit on the Postal Service and it sounds like maybe you don't want to go into a lot of detail. But I was wondering if at a high level, you could give us a sense of the strengths of your contract and whether as the Postal Service works hard to cut costs, there is some degree of risk that the terms in that contract could change or if you think that, that's set up in a way that it will be pretty difficult for them to change the terms. And I'm referring to priority mail specifically.
Christine P. Richards: Tom, it's Chris. Our contract is well established. It has flexibility built into it. So while there's fundamental threshold commitments by the Postal Service as far as volumes and weight go, it's able to move up and down depending upon what their need is as they go through the year. It is not set as a single level the way you might think about a traditional contract. And that's one reason why it's been so successful because we've been able to flex our system and support it up and down to meet their needs. We're very comfortable with where we are on the agreement. We've got enough flexibility, and we stay in constant comment with -- constant conversation with them to make sure that we understand where their volumes are and how their system and needs are changing.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Mickey Foster for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you very much for your participation on our earnings release conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-06-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Graf - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Frederick Smith - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President David Rebholz - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Ground Package System Inc and President of FedEx Ground Package System Inc T. Glenn - Executive Vice President of Market Development & Corporate Communications, Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Services and President of FedEx Services Mickey Foster - Vice President Investor Relations Christine Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary David Bronczek - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express and President of FedEx Express
Analysts: Derek Rabe - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC William Greene - Morgan Stanley Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns Jeffrey Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co. Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc. Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Peter S. Jacobs Scott Flower - Macquarie Research Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-End 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. And now at this time, it's my pleasure to turn the conference over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Conference Call. The fourth quarter earnings release and our 25-page Stat Book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and the replay and podcast download will be available for approximately one year.  Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question, so we can accommodate all those who would like to participate.  I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC.  In our earnings release, we include non-GAAP financial measure, which we may discuss on this call. Please refer to the release available on our website for a further discussion of this measure and a reconciliation of it to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. To the extent we disclose any other non-GAAP financial measure on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.  Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, Fedex Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter, followed by Alan Graf. After Alan, we will have questions and answers.
Frederick Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning, and welcome to our discussion of operating and financial results for the fourth quarter and full year of fiscal 2011 and our outlook for a promising FY '12. During fiscal '11, an improved economy, strong customer demand and decisive management actions increased volumes and yields across all transportation segments. We believe FedEx is well positioned for strong earnings in 2012, given the positive momentum, moderate economic growth and diminishing cost headwinds.  The impact of fuel prices, as always, will influence the pace of growth. We believe that the near-term softness in the economy will be temporary as fuel prices have retreated from their April highs and the Japanese economy recovers.  Going forward, we see stronger economic growth. We believe the industrial sector will lead growth in the United States and overseas in the next 2 years, supporting shipping demand. Emerging markets are generally sound and outperforming the pace of growth in development -- developed countries. These growth trends played to our strengths as the world's largest all cargo and Express air carrier with an unmatched global network.  Now fiscal year '11 was clearly a turnaround year coming off of the significant recession that we experienced. And FedEx laid a strong foundation for growth with solid improvements in FedEx International Priority shipments at FedEx Express; outstanding volume, yield and operating margins at FedEx Ground; and FedEx Freight's return to profitability in the fourth quarter.  We invested for the future, strengthening our networks, improving our already higher levels of service, growing our international business and restoring benefits to team members. FedEx Express continues to attract significant new business from high-tech, high value-added global customers who appreciate the faster transit and later cutoff times offered by our new 777 service and overall international advantages. We will continue to invest in critical long-term projects as part of our global strategy to position us for stronger growth in the future.  We expect higher margin revenue from international operations to approach U.S. domestic revenues at FedEx Express in FY '12 for the first time in our history. In FY '11, FedEx Express completed one acquisition in India and announced another in Mexico, giving us more robust domestic transportation networks and added capabilities in these important global markets. Express also added Colombia to our growing network of international direct-served countries, a move that should provide even greater service and growth opportunities for us in the fourth largest market in Latin America.  FedEx Ground continues to speed transportation lanes, expand the FedEx SmartPost offering and improve market share. And at FedEx Freight, we successfully reorganized operations and now have a highly differentiated service that will drive profitability in FY '12 and beyond.  The opening of our new Colorado Springs data center is the latest example of our overall IT modernization to leverage advanced technologies for the benefit of our customers. We believe our unique centralized customer support functions such as sales, customer service and information technology enables FedEx Services to provide an unsurpassed bundle of transportation and business service offerings and solutions to customers worldwide.  FedEx is on strong financial footing. We believe we did the right things during the downturn and are now beginning to capitalize on those actions. We are focused on long-term success.  In closing my remarks, I'd like to remind you, we remain committed to our long-term goals of growing our revenue, achieving 10-plus operating margins -- 10-plus percent operating margins, increasing our earnings per share significantly, improving cash flow and increasing returns on invested capital.  And now let me turn it over to Alan Graf, our Chief Financial Officer. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thank you, Fred, and good morning, everyone. EPS in the fourth quarter surged 32% to $1.75 per share compared to $1.33 last year. Overall revenue grew 12% to $10.6 billion due to continued strong yield improvement in all transportation segments, volume growth of Ground and International Express shipments and Freight's return to profitability.  Looking first at the Express segment. Revenue grew 13% to $6.6 billion, while operating income increased 4% to $429 million. Operating income improvements were driven by strong yield growth and by 6% growth in IP package shipments and 13% in International Priority and International Economy pounds. U.S. domestic package yields increased 10% and IP package yields increased 8%. Notably, base yield improvements provided more than half of the increase.  Results were limited by increased retirement plan expenses and the reinstatement of certain compensation programs.  Looking now at the Ground segment. Revenues climbed 15% to $2.26 billion, while operating income soared 31% to $417 million. Operating margins hit an all-time quarterly record of 18.4%. Revenue per package increased 7% primarily due to yield management actions. And package volume grew 6%, driven by increases in the business-to-business market and Home Delivery service. SmartPost average daily volumes surged 24% due to growth in e-commerce, while yields increased 8%.  Looking at Freight. This segment returned to profitability with operating income of $42 million in the quarter, which was primarily due to the higher LTL yield which climbed 13%, or 9% excluding fuel surcharges. LTL yields have increased sequentially in each of the past 4 quarters. LTL average daily shipments decreased 8% as the result of proactive yield management actions. Our balance sheet strengthened again as cash flow from operations improved. "End of the year" debt was approximately $1.7 billion while our cash on hand was greater than $2.3 billion. This is after capital spending of $3.4 billion and $480 million in contributions to our U.S. pension plans in FY '11. Our effective tax rate for FY '11 was 35.9% compared to 37.5% in FY '10. This was primarily due to increased permanently reinvested foreign earnings and a lower state tax rate.  Looking ahead to FY '12, we have provided initial earnings guidance of $6.35 to $6.85 per share. We expect strong demand for our services, driven by moderate growth in the global economy and ongoing yield improvement actions to drive this significant improvement in earnings. FedEx Express International services and FedEx Ground services are anticipated to be the primary drivers of growth during 2012. We expect our FedEx Freight segment to be profitable throughout the fiscal year.  Our outlook is dependent on continued strengthening in global economic conditions, the pace of which is uncertain due to several factors, including the impact of higher fuel prices on demand. While cost headwinds and pension plan and maintenance and repairs will abate significantly, we expect higher incentive compensation expense as a result of the higher earnings will retard our growth somewhat.  At Express, we expect a strong improvement in operating income and margin. Revenue growth will be driven by continued growth in our international service as international economic conditions continue to improve at a faster rate than in the U.S. We also anticipate improvement in both domestic and international yields again through ongoing yield management activities. Productivity enhancements such as improving on-road productivity and sort efficiency will also help drive the improved performance.  At Ground, we expect strong operating income growth due to efficiency improvements such as automated operational planning systems and improved transit time across numerous shipping lanes. Segment revenue growth will be led by continued growth in commercial, Home Delivery and SmartPost volumes resulting in additional market share gains.  SmartPost is expected to continue to strengthen its market position by continuing to leverage the FedEx Ground network to insert at the optimal United States Postal Service entry point. Yields for FedEx Ground are also expected to improve as a result of our yield management initiatives and improved market penetration for our FedEx Home Delivery services.  As I said earlier, at Freight, we expect to be profitable throughout the year due to our continued yield management initiatives and the successful integration of our operations and optimization of our LTL network. Freight will improve profitability through reduction of empty miles and circuity and by increasing the use of rail. We expect yield improvement across all services and customer segments due to our unique value position and yield management initiatives. In FY '12, our capital expenditures will increase to $4.2 billion as we remain on the offense. We are excited about the opportunities ahead. Nearly 60% of our capital spending is designated for growth initiatives. At Express, we will invest to expand our global aviation network, as well as our Asian and European networks to improve our reach in service capabilities.  At Ground, we are investing in further network expansion, transit time improvements and productivity enhancing technologies. At Freight, capital spending will increase significantly this year as we replace vehicles and revenue handling equipment. We are also investing in IT infrastructure and technology upgrades across the corporation to improve reliability and efficiency.  While this level of capital spending will be higher than the 6% to 8% of revenue that we think is sustainable to meet our long-term growth goals, we are taking advantage of the Tax Relief Act to invest in our networks, to extend our competitive advantage and drive better margins, cash flows and returns long term.  We are committed to investing in critical long-term strategic projects focused on enhancing and broadening our service offerings that position us for stronger growth as global economic conditions continue to improve. Even with higher planned capital spending in fiscal '12, margins, cash flows and returns are expected to improve year-over-year.  So all up, I think we're going to have a great year in FY '12 with earnings up a projected 30% to 40% over our adjusted FY '11 EPS. Our Express IP, International Priority network is unparalleled in its ability to serve global trade. Our Ground network is the fastest, and Freight has returned to profitability with a unique offering of services. FedEx Office performance will improve as we modernize our retail network and improve our reach in the channel to offer our services both in the store and online in a better way.  I want to thank the team members at FedEx for all their efforts in FY '11 as we all look forward to an outstanding performance in FY '12. With that, I want to thank you for your interest in FedEx, and we are happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Tom Wadewitz of JP Morgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Wondered if you could give us a sense of the pattern of economic growth that you saw through the quarter. Did you see some slowing in the quarter on a kind of month-by-month basis? And then when you look at your guidance for fiscal '12, if you just look at where the midpoint is, what kind of an economic growth assumption is that for domestic? Is that assumed 1% GDP or how conservative is the GP assumption within the midpoint of that fiscal '12 range?
T. Glenn: Tom, this is Mike Glenn. There is no question that we're in a soft patch right now largely due to transitory issues such as the Japan supply chain disruptions. Obviously, we had a tremendous amount of weather impact, and the oil prices that were on the rise during the quarter. So we had some economic challenges during the quarter. We expect the GDP to accelerate through the calendar year. Our projections on a quarter-by-quarter basis for GDP in the second quarter is 1.9%; third quarter, 3.5%; and then the fourth quarter, 3.4%. So for calendar '11, we're anticipating 2.5% GDP growth; and in calendar '12, 3.0% GDP growth, with industrial production around 4.2%, 4.3%.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Barnes of RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Real quick on your aircraft outlook, there were some conversation recently about you also may be taking a look at the 767 [767-400ERF]. Could you just talk about what your aircraft plans are on a go forward basis between the 777 [Boeing 777F], the 757 [Boeing 757] and any potential other new aircraft you might add to the fleet?
David Bronczek: Yes, John, this is Dave Bronczek. We're always looking at ways to improve our efficiencies on fuel and capacity and payload. And so of course, everything that's out there in the marketplace from Boeing and Airbus, we're taking a hard look at to make sure that it makes a financial sense for us going forward. Right now, of course, we're in the transition period of the 727 to the 757s. We have 37 of those flying at the moment. We purchased 57 of them. And of course, the 777s, we have 12. In revenue operations, we've purchased 13. So to your specific point, we're looking at all the opportunities and the options that are out there for us.
Operator: Our next question will come from Justin Yagerman of Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: If I had to poke any holes of the report, I'd say that Express volumes felt like they were a little weaker than we might have expected. If I had to break that down, how much of that relative -- and obviously you don't know where my model was, but relative to maybe what you guys thought you would have done when you were coming into the quarter, would you say it's due to price action? And how much was due to the transitory issues, Mike, you were describing in the economy?
T. Glenn: Justin, I would say, it's the combination of both. But let me say, we're very pleased with the balance that we saw during the quarter with volume growth and the tremendous job that our sales and marketing team did in executing our yield improvement program. So we would take that balance every quarter. Having said that, there is no question that the soft patch that I spoke of earlier had an impact on domestic Express volumes as fuel surcharges certainly increased during the quarter. But let me state again, we're very pleased with the balance of the volume in the domestic Express system with the yield growth that we saw.
Frederick Smith: Let me just add on to my colleague, Mike Glenn. Of course, the yields were significant for us this quarter. The yields in the domestic network is up 10%, and that's been our stated goal and objectives. We're very pleased with that performance.
Operator: Our next question will come from Matt Brooklier of Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Looking at your Ground margin, I think you did something like an 18.4%. Maybe talk to the component that were enabled you to get that margin above 18%. And then maybe talk to, in fiscal 2012, your expectations for the Ground margin. And is this kind of the run rate going forward or was there some benefits during the quarter? Maybe just a little bit more color at Ground.
David Rebholz: All right. Well, Matt, the Ground picture is good. We have superior competitive advantage. We're able to get a premium in the marketplace for our 23% advantage over our newest competitor or only competitor. I feel very good about that. As a result, the sales team has been able to deliver. I think after 3 or 4 years of the downturn in the economy and having to have to give up pricing position, we firmed up, as Mike said earlier. We're certainly not being piggish about it, but we are getting our fair value for what we do. Number two, I can tell you that I am always challenged and recognize that the preferable point in my life would be 20% margin. Having said that, we've got really good volume growth. The key drivers were the yield growth, again, as the result of the superior value that we offer. Number three, we had a couple of one-off events that benefited us, but that continued to trend in a positive way for the last 2 years. Our insurance, our safety record, and fundamentally, we had a little offset to fuel, but in our world, the fuel matches pretty closely. Any given year can be $10 million up, $10 million down. So -- and then last but not the least, we have properly invested in our capital requirements to ensure that we're not building up for 3 weeks of the year even though we performed 3 weeks of the year. We throw labor at it. And that margin value is important, it's about a point. So in other words, if you keep multiple capital projects going at large-scale. Do I think we can get better? Absolutely. I mean, there's no question about it. We're in the driving position here, and our customers are recognizing the fact that we just continue to get better at what we do.
Operator: Our next question will come from Nate Brochmann of William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I wanted to kind of stay on the Ground theme a little bit, along with that and talk a little bit bigger picture in terms of SmartPost and the e-commerce benefits. It seems that, that's getting to be a little bit bigger of a driver, and was wondering if you could give us an outlook for the growth, the strategy there and the opportunity.
T. Glenn: This is Mike. SmartPost is a key part of our residential delivery portfolio. Obviously, there are a lot of very lightweight items that move to residences that are perfect for the SmartPost network, which is why we invested in that network and have continued to invest in that network going forward. It gives us a distinct competitive advantage because it offers the right price point for the right value delivery system and complements our Home Delivery network very well. It allows us to focus the Home Delivery network on heavier packages, and many of which that require unique features that only FedEx offers such as day-definite delivery, appointment delivery and things of that nature. So it is a strong combination of services, complemented by our Express residential delivery services, which offers unique value for e-commerce customers.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Ross of Stifel, Nicolaus.
David Ross - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: The question I have is on the FedEx Freight division. Bill, if you could just talk about how the integration has gone. It's nice that you all are profitable in the quarter. Is there still kind of some lagging, things that need to be done, tweaks that need to be made that are kind of near-term margin benefits that we should see in the next couple quarters?
William Logue: David, first of all, 120 days into it, very pleased where we are with the progress. Obviously, we had the -- starting out in the first few weeks of February, we had the weather challenges, but the team has just done a fabulous job of responding to the new network and the design. Customer response has been very good. Choice, we gave them choice, they're using choice, and it's nice to see priority economy being used in all lengths of haul across the network. The efficiencies continue to get better week over week as the team kind of learns the new design. And the good news is that we have plenty of opportunity as we go forward now with the -- once we now start to stabilize after a full quarter, we see where our volume flows are and the opportunities going forward now is continued improvement of the design of the network, which will really help our efficiencies long term. So very positive where we are, very excited. The team has done a great job and thinks the future are bright.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kevin Sterling of BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Looking at your Express segment, maybe diving down a little bit to get a little more granular, your International domestic volumes were up an impressive 15.5% in the quarter. Can you talk a little bit about what's driving this? Is it manufacturing moving further inland in places like China?
David Bronczek: Yes, thanks, Kevin. This is Dave Bronczek. Yes, you're right. China obviously, is leading the pack, but we've had good success in Canada domestic, the U.K. domestic and of course, we're expanding in India. But China domestic for sure, coupled with our China business coming up onto the rest of the world, and the combination of those 2 is a great value proposition for our customers. And while I'm on the topic, I should comment on the superior performance we've had in international. We had an all-time record-setting quarter for International Priority this year, and that's on top of last year's fourth quarter, which grew average daily volume 23%. So you combine that with this year's fourth quarter, it's our all-time record volume for International Priority. But on the domestic front in international, we're doing well across the board and with double digits.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jason Seidl with Dahlman Rose.
Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: First question has to do with the economic commentary you gave. You've mentioned some of the impacts were transitory in nature in the quarter and that fuels coming into Japan should come back. Have you seen some of these impacts already? Or is this just stuff that you're going to expect to see as the quarter progresses here in 1Q fiscal 2012?
Frederick Smith: If you're talking about have we seen an improvement in this regard, obviously, oil prices have already pulled back somewhat and we're through the tough season on the weather. We're still seeing some impacts of the Japan supply chain initiative. But clearly, those were significant factors for us during the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeff Kauffman of Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Real solid numbers. A question more for Alan. Alan, you mentioned the cap spending going to be a little higher than normal. It looks like based on your guidance, about $3 billion should be the normal level. How long do you think it takes us to get back there? And when you look at the $1.7 billion of debt, do you feel the company is underleveraged at all given what's going on in the world? And what are your thoughts there?
Alan Graf: Well, Jeff, I would tell you that part of the reasons for our increase in FY '12 is that we are going to take advantage of the Tax Relief Act and we get to write-off 100% or 50% of a lot of these assets. And we had them in our long-range plans. So some of that has been moved forward to take advantage of that, quite frankly. And so that should start to mitigate next fiscal year. But also, as I said earlier, I mean, we really like the opportunities that are in front of us and we see a lot of growth in most of our segments that we're very excited about. We had starved freight for a little while because they weren't making any money and it's time to get our equipment replaced there. So I think it's a combination of all of that. But we should, in the long run, be very comfortable in the 6% to 8% of revenue for the foreseeable future. And as far as being underleveraged, that will depend on how you want to read our balance sheet once the new lease accounting rules takes place. As you recall, back in the early days when we were cash flow negative, we financed a lot of this company with aircraft leveraged leases. We leased an awful lot of property around the world. So that adds to our leverage. So I think we're about right for where we are at the moment. And we'll be revisiting that in the next couple of years as we continue to build our positive cash flow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso of Crédit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: I have a question about the guidance on 2 points. First, if you could give us some color around the cost headwinds that you said are subsiding. Are these costs that are actually declining or just not going up to the same degree they did from '10 to '11? And then just on the tax rate, what's the expectation implied in your 2012 guidance?
Alan Graf: Chris, I think in the guidance, we're pretty comfortable in there, that it's a wide range, it's $0.50. But fact of the matter is, is that I've missed 3 straight quarters, and that's due to volatility of fuel prices mainly. So if fuel prices stay where they are and the economy is -- performs like Mike has described it, we should be pretty well into the range. And if things get volatile on fuel and it spikes and the economy is not quite so good, we'll be in the lower end of the range, quite obviously. That's why we've set it up that way. What was your second question?
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: Well, the question was about the cost headwinds. What are the specific ones you said should be subsiding, is it fuel?
Alan Graf: Well, no, it's not fuel. As I've said in my opening statement, 2 of the really spectacular ones this year were our pension costs and our maintenance costs on airplanes at Express. We expect maintenance to be almost flat year-over-year, just a small little increase. And our pension expense will actually be flat in FY '12 versus FY '11 despite a 61 basis point drop in the discount rate. Our performance of our portfolio was so strong that we're able to hold that flat. So those are completely gone. Offsetting that in '12 will, of course, the 401(k) reinstatement for the full year. Obviously, merit increases in healthcare. And then also, we still are not at our target variable comp and bonus programs yet, but we should be if we hit this range. So that will be a little bit of headwind in FY '12. So you'll see that reflected in Express's improvement in their margins substantially. Freight will improve theirs because of the project advance and their new system.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Nesvold of Jefferies & Company.
Peter Nesvold - Bear Stearns: I just had question on some of the expenses year-over-year. I think though, if I take a step back and I look at -- and what you're outlining, 30% to 40% earnings growth in the GDP scenario of 2.5% to 3%, which is pretty remarkable. As you mentioned, you're going into a period of easier expense comps. But -- and kind of point taken that yields matter more than volumes, but if the macro backdrop continues to fade and the volumes aren't there, are there still costs -- and perhaps you can hopefully point to a few specific line items where you can still take expenses out of the business in order to stay within at least the lower end of that range if the GDP scenario ends up being below the 2.5% type range.
Frederick Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. Let me reiterate a point that we made several times and I spent a lot of time at our Investor Meeting last fall talking about, and that's our built-in shock absorbers. We have constructed FedEx recognizing that it's basically tied to the macroeconomy, and it's a cyclical company. And it's a company that, as Alan mentioned, requires a lot of capital assets. Accordingly, our structure allows us to flex down and the shock absorbers basically benefit the shareholders because these variable compensation programs, utilization of various fully depreciated assets in good times that can be put on the ground or in the yards. So we have all of that built in. And in fact, as Alan mentioned, as we go into FY '12, we are actually funding a lot of these programs, plus, we are funding significant expansions in the Express networks in Asia and EMEA. So managing down in any kind of a reasonable growth scenario is not a particular problem for FedEx. That's one of these important things that we think is a strategic decision that we made many years ago, and you just saw it during the recession. The company remained profitable during the worst downturns since the Great Depression. Now that wasn't without pain in a lot of orders, including people around this table and our frontline folks and the hours we flew and on down the line. But we have a pretty good system built in, in. On the economy, let me just remind everybody on the call that while we have a wonderful economist, Gene Huang, and great analytical capabilities, which is what Mike is talking to you about, unlike most economic forecasters, FedEx is actually talking to hundreds of thousands of customers. This is information that's infantry based. It's not 50,000 feet, it's based on what the folks that provide our volume are telling us. And the key driver of our business is industrial production. And in that regard, there's no question, as Mike said, we went through a brief soft patch here. About 40%, we would say, was related to the run-up in fuel price. And I can tell you having gone through this 6 times now in FedEx's history, when you get to the fuel prices of $4 a gallon at the pump, people began to retard their behavior. About 40% of it, we think, is related to the horrible tragedy in Japan and the interdiction of certain supply chains and reconfigurations just not being able to produce because the component parts weren't there, and about 20% was just sentiment related to these factors. So as the price of fuel is mitigated, some of the issues related to Japan have been improved, we believe that our economic outlook is reasonably correct.
Operator: Ken Hoexter of Bank of America Merrill Lynch has our next question.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Fred, I think you just answered the question I had, which is on the Express volumes, what was the impact of the fuel exposure. But maybe if we can come back to Freight, it sounded like you were saying there that the progress was going well into 120 days. Can you talk about what is less of the merger impact on the margins here? How much further can we see these rebound? Can we see these get back to double-digit levels based on kind of your early post-merger analysis?
William Logue: Ken, this is Bill. Again, as we said, we're 120 days into it. We're very pleased where we are. We continue to build our plan. Our long-term goal is double-digit margins, and that's our focus. As we move through it, we're going to take it quarter-over-quarter because again, we have network adjustments continuing to make as we move on for the redesign. And again, as I've tried to stress there was -- as we see the volume patterns from our customers, now it gives us a clear view of the new world we're in and how we continue to make those appropriate adjustments. And again, Mike's team has done a great job on the yield side and continues to do a great job there. So the yield front going in the right direction and our continued quarter-over-quarter tweaking and adjusting our network as we move forward will really be the value that we'll bring to the team here as we move forward. So again, double-digit margin is our goal, our objective. We're working towards that. And again, it will take us steps to get there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Art Hatfield of Morgan Keegan.
Derek Rabe - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: This is actually Derek Rabe, in for Art. Just -- most of my questions have been answered. Just wanted to -- I know it's early, but any early thoughts on peak season developments for this year?
Frederick Smith: It's certainly early to really start that. We have started planning and having some conversations with customers, but they have not released their forecasts. I would say the encouraging news on that front as oil prices subside, we do anticipate consumer spending to be stronger in the second half of the year. So hopefully, we'll see some of that going into peak season, but it's a bit early to make that call.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Wetherbee of Citi.
Christian Wetherbee - Citigroup Inc: Maybe a question for you, Dave, on the Express volume side. Just curious to get your view on the progress of volumes in Asia as the quarter progressed and kind of where we stand now relative to recovery and maybe kind of parsing out what you're seeing specifically related to Japan impact, and then what we're seeing from a Chinese standpoint. Just curious if you're seeing any slowing materially there. Obviously, a lot of growth in that sector.
David Bronczek: Okay, thanks for the question, Chris. Well, as I mentioned before, Asia Pacific did very well. They had double-digit growth, actually leading the way for our record-setting quarter this quarter on all-up average daily volume. China, obviously, is a big part of that. China domestic, as well. So I would say that not only in Asia and APAC generally, but around the world, we've had good volume growth sequentially over last year's fourth quarter, which was our highest quarter that we've had prior to this quarter. So I'm optimistic. I think that the customers see the value proposition of our 777s that we've put in, with the later cutoffs that we provided them and access to the rest of the world connecting to our hubs around the rest of the world, not just the United States, but in Europe. So I just came back from Asia Pacific, in fact, and the mood is very optimistic.
Frederick Smith: Let me add that inventory to sales ratios at this point are still quite lean in the supply chain, which bodes well for us. Having said that, consumer spending has been down. As I mentioned earlier, we anticipate that to increase going forward which should help us with the combination of the lean inventories.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jon Langenfeld of Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Can you talk about the weight per shipment move in Express and what you're seeing there, as well as what you're seeing on weight per shipment in Ground?
David Bronczek: We saw -- in terms of its contribution to our improvements in yield in Express, domestic, it was the second largest component behind the improvement, behind the rate and discount changes. In Ground, we saw a modest contribution to yield improvement as a result of the weight per package, and it was also a key factor in international as well. So overall, positive contribution to yield improvement, but not nearly as big as the rate and discount changes.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Mike, just 2 quick data questions for you. First on pricing, the numbers that we saw Alan sort of suggest about half of the improvement in yield and domestic and international came from pricing. Should we think of that as a high watermark? Or is that sort of a sustainable level because it seems a bit higher than at least history? And then, any comments you can give us on June volumes just so we have a sense for how this quarter is tracking?
T. Glenn: Bill, keep in mind, we made one significant change with our -- in our pricing back in January, where we changed the dimensional weight factor, which contributed significantly to the uptick in the yields. That was part of the rate and discount. Having said that, our sales team has done a phenomenal job retaining our general rate increase. Certainly have been successful in contract renegotiations of getting higher than historical trend increases built into the contract. So it's a combination of things. The one item that will not repeat itself is the change in the dimensional weight factor, which was put in place in January. So that's the one differential. I would expect going forward, you'd see more stabilization and certainly above trend yield improvement because it continues to be the primary objective for our sales team and they've done a phenomenal job in that, and I expect them to continue to do so. But we will not have the dimensional weight change taking place again this January. It's early to call the quarter. Obviously, we don't forecast month by month, but I would say, it's relatively stable to what we have been seeing towards the latter part of the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question will come from Gary Chase with Barclays Capital.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: Wondered if I could ask Mike to elaborate a little bit further on the weight per package. If you look at history, it looks like a very substantial change in that metric this quarter. And I'm wondering, is that largely a domestic phenomenon? Is there something in the business mix that would have explained a big uptick like that? And then most importantly, is that something that we should expect to be sustainable looking forward?
T. Glenn: Well, there are couple of issues here. One is the product mix issue is a key contributor to that. Again, recall, we made the change in the dimensional weight, which certainly has an impact on that in terms of how a package is rated. But the change in mix is the primary driver there that we have seen. Again, you have to remember, part of our yield management strategy is to manage the mix of traffic that we get, the customer mix, as well as the product mix, and to ensure we're getting appropriate retention of our general rate increase that we're managing the various surcharge adjustments for any individual customers. So this is a multifaceted effort, again, which has been executed extremely well by our sales team and our revenue management team. So -- but the real issue there is the product mix.
Operator: Our next question will come from Keith Schoonmaker of Morningstar.
Keith Schoonmaker - Morningstar Inc.: I'm in interested in Mr. Smith's opinions on potential implications to the firm from some of the aggressive proposals we're seeing from the National Labor Relations Board, situations like Boeing selecting where it builds a plant or organizing election timing rules, please.
Frederick Smith: Well, I think rather than me opining on that because you're getting into an area of legal issues, let me ask our General Counsel, if you wouldn't mind, Christine Richards, to comment because she's more up to speed on those things than I am.
Christine Richards: As far as we're concerned, the recent announced rule changes that have been proposed will be something we're commenting on going forward. It is unfortunate that at a time where the commitment of this country to secret ballot elections and freedom of speech is well established that a federal agency would be undertaking changes that would do many things that would deprive employers of these basic rights. We're disappointed in the announcement that we expect today with respect to the National Labor Relations Board's proposed changes on elections, and we'll be commenting on those as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ed Wolfe of Wolfe Trahan.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan & Co.: On the maintenance side, it seems like your maintenance costs as a percentage of revenue were down for probably the first time in 5 or 6 quarters. You've talked about this for a while. Would you say you've now turned the corner on the maintenance? And is there any kind of guidance, Dave, around that you can give us in terms of either absolute, how we should think about maintenance expense or as a percentage of revenue directionally going forward?
David Bronczek: This is Dave. Yes, obviously, we've turned the corner there and the 3% is more in-line with what we normally would expect the planes out of the desert and the engine maintenance that goes with it and so forth that we've talked about for several quarters is behind us now. Our maintenance numbers now are in Alan's guidance going forward for FY '12, but I'll let Alan opine on that.
Alan Graf: I think the other thing, a couple of other things, obviously, as we add newness to the fleet with the 777s and retire the old 727 hanger queens, that's helping. And also there's just been a tremendous amount of productivity improvement in our maintenance operation at Express, particularly in the aviation group, have done a fantastic job. We're starting to see a lot of productivity gains from our investments and redesigns of some of our programs. And that's in FY '12, and I just expect it to not be a headwind at all for us in FY '12.
David Bronczek: Yes, let me just add my comments to Alan's point. Again, Greg Hall, our Head of Aircraft Maintenance, and all of our aircraft mechanics have done a fabulous job at improving our overall efficiencies and productivity and how they manage that whole very difficult process. So hats off to all of them.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Flower, Macquarie Securities.
Scott Flower - Macquarie Research: Just a follow-up, I know it's been asked different ways, but I'm just wondering, Mike, if you look at the different businesses and different volumes and different products, did this progress in a way in the quarter and into June that gives you confidence in your economic outlook? I'm just trying to get a sense of how you saw perhaps some of the disruptions and oil price impacts and how you saw those playing out in your volumes as you look prospectively versus what you actually saw in the numbers.
T. Glenn: Scott, I'm not sure how I can provide more clarity. I think Fred was very specific in terms of the percent impact in terms of the major items that resulted in the soft patch that we're currently seeing. But obviously, oil prices was a big part of that, disruptions in the Japan supply chain were a big part of that. While that is recovering, we still are seeing impacts of that and we're not back up to speed in that regard. The sentiment on the consumer side continues to be an issue. As a result, our forecast for consumer spending in the first half of this calendar year is lower than it is in the second half as we believe that, that will improve in the second half of the year. So that's been the biggest issue. Those have been the biggest 3 factors that we've been saying that have resulted in this soft patch. So we're confident given this GDP forecast that we will be able to achieve the balance between volume growth and yield improvement to hit the range that Alan has talked about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Jacobs of Jacobs Broel Asset Management.
Peter S. Jacobs: My first question is on IP growth for 2011. I think Mike gave a number for 2012 of 4.2% but I was curious about what it was for 2011. And then additionally, Fred, could you talk a little more about the international split with FedEx Express and the revenue there and where it was in the fourth quarter? And to what extent it might exceed domestic revenue in 2012?
T. Glenn: Let me clarify the number that I gave was for industrial production, and our calendar year '11 forecast is 4.2% and our calendar year '12 forecast is 4.3%. So that IP relates to industrial production. And on the IP growth, specifically your question, we grew 6% this quarter and 9% on yields for 15% for revenue, and that's on the back of last year's fourth quarter of 23% growth. So the combination of those led us to our record quarter.
Frederick Smith: And you asked a comment about the mix between international revenues and domestic revenues at Express. For a long time, we have been building up our capabilities at FedEx ground, speeding up lanes. We've sped up, how many, Dave Rebholz, over the last 3 or 4 years?
David Rebholz: We have roughly 63% of all lanes -- sorry, Fred, I didn't have the mic up. We have roughly 63% of every lane that we service has been sped up over the last 4 or 5 years.
Frederick Smith: So the reason that's important in a discussion of the mix of international and domestic at Express is that we've made our ground network faster and many of our customers can use the lower-cost ground network to fulfill many of their needs. And the Express business is becoming and will become ever more international in nature. We've stated repeatedly over the last several years, there really isn't any domestic Express business and International Express business. It's just the Express business. And those things that need time definite transportation, whether it's from Sioux City to Miami or from Singapore to Milan, will use the Express network. And I would imagine if you fast forward 5 years from now, the percentage of revenues at Express will be significantly more in the international column than in the domestic column. And the incremental margins in the Express international business are much better than the domestic business, which is why we keep saying to you that we have a high confidence level that our margins will improve in the Express business. Now I want to also emphasize that even with the favorable outlook at Express, we're investing a lot of money in network development this year. You don't turn a profit when you add these network enhancements generally in the first month or 2. So we are investing in Asia and in Europe, and we still have good progress in our Express column for FY '12 in the guidance that Alan gave you. But that's what you can expect at Express in the years to come. International will surpass the domestic revenues and then substantially exceed it as a total of overall revenues in Express.
Operator: Our next question will come from Scott Malat of Goldman Sachs.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: You gave a lot of detail around margins. I'm really looking at the Express margins. Everything looked great. The pricing was really strong. I guess I was a little surprised that the margins were a bit lower than I would have thought. If you do exclude the jet fuel, the operating cost per package in Express is up around 6.5% year-over-year. I know you mentioned some compensation headwinds. The purchase trans was up, I don't know, 24% in Express. Can you just help us think about some of the larger buckets or other areas of Express that caused some pressure or help us quantify that for at least this quarter?
Frederick Smith: This is Fred Smith speaking. I'm going to say a couple of things here and then ask Dave to talk about it. Again, we are making investments in the Express business, and we don't quite look at the thing -- the overall situation the way some of you folks do. With the performance that we're achieving in Ground and the return to profitability of FedEx Freight, we have the capability to speed up some of the investments in Express. So we'd look at this to some degree as a portfolio play and the EPS is the number that drives us much more than the segment number. So when we saw how well we were doing, we actually made the decision to make some investments in the Express business in our European expansion, in particular, in our Asian network, our intra-China business is growing substantially and in the healthcare sector. So to some degree, I guess, the blunt way to put it is, we could have reported our margins in Express had we not made the investments. And so Dave, you want to talk a little more about that?
David Bronczek: Yes, all of that is correct, Fred, it's 100% correct. And adding a little bit more color to some of the fourth quarter issues, specifically as Alan mentioned already, the 401(k) and the pension, of course, were big headwinds for us in our fourth quarter and actually fuel in spite of the fact that we generated more revenue off the surcharge, still hurt our margins. The fuel price this year in the fourth quarter on the jet fuel was $3.34. It was up $0.98, 42% over last year's fourth quarter. So fuel actually did hurt our margins slightly in the fourth quarter. But all of that being said, Fred is generally right about the whole infrastructure and investment in our value proposition. Due to the 24% number, because that's in your report there, a significant number in that 24% is our FTN, FedEx Trade Networks, transition to revenue and expenses so the revenue was up offsetting the expenses, quite frankly, there. Exchange hurt us a little bit there. And then other than that, we had overall purchase transportation to support our international volumes. So it looks high, but it's artificially high because primarily, FTN is in that number.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Campbell of Thompson, Davis & Company.
David Campbell: Yes, I think the last answer to the last question pretty much explained the situation where the company is focusing its growth initiatives for the long term in 2012 in the international arena does have an impact on Express profits. Because the way you're guiding it, it looks to me like there's not a lot of growth in Express profitability in fiscal 2012. Is that the way I should conclude it?
Alan Graf: No, David, this is Alan. Express operating margins and operating income are going to be up substantially in FY '12 from FY '11.
Operator: And our final question will come from Dave Vernon of Sanford C. Bernstein.
David Vernon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: I just have a short question about the 757 and 727 transition. Can you talk about specifically what percentage of the flying that used to be done by 727s has now been transitioned to 75s and when you think that that will be done?
David Bronczek: Yes, a great question. By FY '16, I just got an update on it this week, we'll be completely out of the 727s. And the sooner, the better. Obviously the 757s, we have 37 of them flying now. We purchased 57 in total. And the faster we can get those 757s into the network, the better off will be on the operating profit, fuel savings, reliability and every other thing. Thank you for the question.
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session for today. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mickey Foster for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation on the earnings release conference call, and please feel free to call anyone on the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: And again, that does conclude today's conference for today. We'd like to thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-03-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Graf - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Frederick Smith - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President David Rebholz - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Ground Package System Inc and President of FedEx Ground Package System Inc T. Glenn - Executive Vice President of Market Development & Corporate Communications, Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Services and President of FedEx Services Mickey Foster - Vice President Investor Relations David Bronczek - Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express and President of FedEx Express
Analysts: John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC David Ross William Greene - Morgan Stanley Jeffrey Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners, LLC Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C. Paul Kleinschmidt Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead, sir.
Mickey Foster: Good morning, and welcome to FedEx Corporation's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. The third quarter earnings release and our 25-page Stat Book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website, and a replay and podcast download will be available for about one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question-and-answer session, callers will be limited to one question and a follow-up, so we can accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors, please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. In our earnings release, we include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we may discuss on this call. Please refer to the release available on our website for a further discussion of these measures and a reconciliation of them to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. To the extent we disclose any other non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President and CIO; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Secretary; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now, our Chairman, Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter, followed by Alan Graf. After Alan, we will have questions and answers.
Frederick Smith: Thank you, Mickey, and good morning to everyone on the call. We appreciate your joining us this morning to discuss earnings for the third quarter of fiscal year '11 and our outlook. First, I'd like to say we at FedEx are very saddened by the loss of lives and the widespread destruction caused by the horrendous earthquake that struck eastern Japan last week, and we extend our deepest sympathy to the people of Japan. FedEx, including our wonderful team in Japan, is working with our long-standing humanitarian relief organizations, American Red Cross, Heart to Heart International, Water Missions and Direct Relief International to transport critical medical and other emergency supplies in support of the recovery efforts. FedEx quickly resumed service at the Tokyo Narita Airport, and we had uninterrupted service at our major operation at Osaka. In the third fiscal quarter, strong demand for our services drove revenue higher, as volumes increased across our businesses. Yields increased as we continue to focus sharply on managing FedEx's more profitable growth. Particularly impressive was the performance at FedEx Ground, where faster delivery times and other innovative solutions continue to win customers. We're very pleased with the successful integration of our less-than-truckload businesses, and are happy to report we expect FedEx Freight to return to profitability this quarter. Well done to Bill Logue and the entire team at FedEx Freight for this remarkable accomplishment. We're very optimistic about future earnings. The dynamics of global trade appears solid, although the impact of volatile fuel prices and other global events remains uncertain. Our optimism is based on three factors: One, our business strategy to profitably grow our international business, improve our yields, manage our cost structure and make sound investments is working. Second, global macroeconomic trends are driving growth in markets where we have unique, competitive advantages such as the long nonstop flights being flown by our Boeing 777 freighters. And three, the FedEx team around the world is delivering on our Purple Promise: I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. In that regard, we are particularly proud that Fortune Magazine recently rated FedEx among the top 10 most admired companies in the world. Our businesses are performing strongly in the United States, where industrial production growth is expected to approach nearly 5% in calendar 2011, outpacing GDP and supporting overall transportation volumes. We plan to take full advantage of continued rapid growth in emerging markets as well, which we serve with the largest, most comprehensive air express, air cargo network in the world. In the third quarter, FedEx Express began direct nonstop 777 service as an example from Memphis to Seoul, South Korea, increasing capacity and improving transit time. Expect more enhancements to our international route system in the near future. FedEx Express completed the acquisition of AFL in India, improving our already strong position in that important market. This acquisition builds upon an extensive competitive FedEx network there, which includes the most weekly international flights from India of any express service provider, unrivaled connectivity to Asia-Pacific, Europe and the Americas, and the most customs clearance locations for any carrier. Coverage in 100% of key import and export markets across India is now in place. In closing, let me remind you that we are committed to our goals of continuing to increase our revenue, achieving 10-plus percent operating margins, increasing earnings per share, improving cash flows and increasing returns on invested capital. Let me turn it over now to Alan Graf, our Chief Financial Officer. Alan?
Alan Graf: Thank you, Fred, and good morning, everyone. Strong demand for our services continue to drive revenue growth during the third quarter. Revenue increased 11% to $9.7 billion, as yields grew across all our transportation segments and volumes increased in our package businesses. Our yield improvement program continues to be very effective as base yields, excluding fuel surcharges, are rising nicely thanks to the excellent work of our marketing and sales teams, as well as the outstanding service we are providing. Despite this revenue strength, however, our results were significantly impacted by severe winter weather conditions. Unusually severe winter weather caused widespread disruptions to our networks, which led to lost revenues and drove higher purchase transportation, salaries, wages and other operational expenses. These factors impacted our year-over-year results by an estimated $0.12 per diluted share after considering the effect of variable incentive compensation accruals. Additionally, higher compensation and benefits, including pension, 401(k) and medical costs and increased maintenance expense also negatively impacted our third quarter. Looking at these segments and starting with Express, Express segment revenues increased 11% in the third quarter, primarily due to an increase in IP and U.S. domestic package yields, as well as higher IP package and freight volumes. IP package yield increased in the third quarter due to increased package weights, rate increases and higher fuel surcharges. Domestic package yields increased due to higher fuel surcharges, rate increases and increased package weights. Exports from Asia and Europe drove increases in IP package and freight volume as well. The overall base yield story is strong. For IP, packages, base yields were up 5% and for domestic U.S. packages, they were up 3%. I should note that IP Freight plans increased 21% with the total yield increase of 3%. Express segment operating income and operating margin decreased during the third quarter. Increased aircraft maintenance costs, the reinstatement of certain employee compensation programs, higher retirement plans and medical expenses, and the negative impact of severe winter weather more than offset the benefit of increased revenues. Purchase transportation costs increased 32% due to costs associated with the expansion of our Freight Forwarding business at FedEx Trade Networks, as well as IP package and freight volume growth. Maintenance and repairs expense increased 26%, due to an increase in aircraft maintenance expenses as a result of timing of maintenance events and higher utilization of our fleet, driven by the increased volumes. Fuel costs increased 29% due to increases in the average price per gallon of jet fuel, which was up 19%, and jet fuel consumption increased 10% to 302 million gallons, driven by volume and weight increases. Turning now to Ground. Ground segment revenues increased 14% to $2.2 billion due to volume and yield growth at both Ground and SmartPost. Ground average daily volume increased 6%, and yield was up 5%. Yields were primarily up due to rate increases, higher residential surcharges and higher fuel surcharges. SmartPost volumes grew 17% as a result of growth in e-commerce business, gains in market share and introduction of new service offerings. Net yields in SmartPost increased 7% due to lower postage costs. Ground segment operating income was outstanding at $325 million, up 26% year-over-year, and operating margin increased to 14.9%, up from last year's 13.5%. Moving to Freight, segment revenues increased 8% to $1.1 billion, as a result of higher LTL yield, partially offset by lower average daily LTL shipments. Yield increased 11%, while average daily LTL shipments decreased 6% year-over-year, due to our yield management initiatives, as well as severe winter weather. The net operating loss during the third quarter included costs associated with the combination of our freight and national LTL operations and the significant impact from severe winter weather. We incurred costs associated with the combination of $43 million during the third quarter. We expect cash to be received from asset sales to approximate the total cash outlays for the program, including severance and lease terminations. Taking a look at our outlook. As you can see, we have increased our projected earnings and now looking for a range of $4.83 to $5 for the year. Our earnings growth in the fourth quarter will be dampened by higher anticipated compensation and benefits, including retirement plans and medical costs, and continued higher aircraft maintenance that will be benefited by continued growth in volumes and stronger yields. The forecast assumes the current market outlook for fuel prices with jet fuel prices now in the range of $3.10 and continued moderate growth in the global economy. Earnings could be affected by the impact of the ongoing political turmoil in the Middle East and North Africa on fuel prices and the economy in general. Also the near-term impact of the earthquake and tsunami in Japan on operational costs, shipping patterns and the global economy is uncertain at this point. Our annual guidance excludes FedEx Freight combination costs in the second quarter legal reserves. We expect that continued improvement in global economic conditions will drive increased demand for our services in the fourth quarter. The combination of our LTL operations at Freight has been successful, and we expect that the integration of these networks will result in a return to profitability for our Freight segment in the fourth quarter. More broadly, we expect continued positive trends to improve revenues and margins in the fourth quarter and in fiscal '12 for FedEx Corporation as a whole. Our free cash flow in FY '11 will be positive, and our balance sheet and pension funded position remains strong. Lastly, we are well into the planning process for FY '12, and we are anticipating substantial margin and earnings improvement at Express and Freight, and continuing strong margins and solid growth at Ground. With that, operator, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tom Wadewitz from JP Morgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Wanted to ask some questions -- ask on the issue of demand in general. We've seen some slowing in the heavyweight airfreight numbers out of Asia. Your IP is still growing nicely, but it is decelerating a bit. How do you see that business looking forward? Are you seeing it slow, or is it just a function of considering tough comps looking forward and the way we model volumes?
David Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. No, we see strong demand actually running into Q4 here. We have great momentum all around the world, especially in Europe and Asia, U.S. outbound and U.S. domestic. So the weights are strong. As Alan pointed out, IP alone with 15%. IP, IPFS was up 21%. So I think we're running into Q4 here with great moment.
Alan Graf: Tom, this is Alan. We had, say, back to a year ago when we had an explosion in our IP package and freight, so the comps in the third and fourth quarter are tougher than they've usually been. We may be a little bit lighter at the moment than we thought, but always this time of year, it's very difficult to tell and particularly with the impact of Japan, we'll have to wait and see. But our confidence is still pretty strong about continued growth, and the combination of our yield program and the higher weights is really driving that revenue line.
Frederick Smith: Let me just add one last thing. It's important to note that in all the quarters that FedEx Express has had since we started FedEx Express after the split with FedEx Ground, this was the highest average daily volume quarter that we've ever had across the board, domestic U.S., international, priority international domestic. And in Q3, International Priority across the board was the highest volumes that we've ever had.
Thomas Wadewitz - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. Okay, great. And then a question with respect to pricing, Alan, you commented on base yield in IP, I think up 5% and domestic yields up 3% within Express. What, when you say base yields, does that include weight per piece changes, or is that -- I mean, is it a peer kind of comparable price number, or is there something else? And I guess in terms of outlook on that, do you think base yield or pricing is accelerating further or kind of stable at this level?
Frederick Smith: Okay, Tom, I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Mike Glenn. When I'm talking about base yields, I'm including everything except the fuel surcharge, which is out of our control. But what we're managing to in terms of rates has been very effective. We have a lot of momentum there. Our general rate increase is sticking very nicely, particularly as we look at what we're doing at freight in the LTL business, which by the way, having reduced volume is okay. That's by design because we've got to get paid appropriately. So let me let Mike Glenn follow up.
T. Glenn: Alan's correct. The sales team is doing a fabulous job in the yield management program, and there are a number of components to that. One is as we sign up new business, we're signing that business up at higher average yields, so that the pipeline of new business coming in is coming in at higher rates. Secondarily, we're doing a terrific job at negotiating increases to our agreements as they come due. We're also doing a great job of clawing back surcharge discounts, all of which, which had a significant impact on yield. And our team is doing a great job of selling through the dimensional weight change that we implemented in January. So the combination of all those activities certainly lead us to believe that we've got continued opportunity moving ahead to see our yields enhance further.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Yagerman from Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: I just wanted to follow up on that question. Obviously some of the yield strategy is playing out seeing it in the numbers. I wanted to get a sense, Mike, maybe you could talk a bit about where you are in terms of getting through your book of business and how many of your customers have you readdressed and how many of those contracts have come up? And how many do we still have to look forward to as we go through the next few quarters?
T. Glenn: Well, I would say we're in the very early stages. We're certainly in the first quarter of the football game here in terms of the yield improvement plan that we're putting in place. Obviously, we have multiyear contracts, and we're not breaking contracts and we're dealing with those as the opportunities present themselves. The biggest impact that we're seeing short term is obviously the new pipeline of business and secondarily, the adjustments that we made in dimensional weight. But our team is doing a great job as contracts come up, getting higher than market rate increases as we negotiate new contracts. So I couldn't be happier with the team in terms of how they're performing, both in terms of base rate increases, changes in surcharges and things of that nature. So we're very early in the game. I would characterize this as a marathon. This is not a one or two quarter exercise. This will be in place for some extended period of time. I'm talking about a multiyear program.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then maybe for Alan, on the cost side, you talked about $0.12 in the quarter from weather, I believe, and you talked a little bit about fuel as well. But the items that haven't really been quantified and keep popping up are compensation and aircraft maintenance and wanted to get a sense, as we look forward for the next few quarters, how we should be thinking of our run rate? I mean, I understand you guys are pretty much through bringing aircraft back from the desert, and obviously, with volume, there's higher maintenance expense and the compensation's going to be a drag for the full calendar year. So maybe if you could give us a sense on what run rate cost drag from compensation would be, and then what kind of a clean run rate aircraft maintenance number or just maintenance number should look like as they move through the year? That would be helpful.
Alan Graf: Okay. Well, first of all as we look into the fourth quarter, we're starting to see a lot of the headwinds lap themselves and abate. So what's left is, obviously, we completed the complete reinstatement of our 401(k) January 1. So that's obviously having an impact here and the rest of fiscal '11 and somewhat into FY '12. Our aircraft maintenance is going to remain high in the fourth quarter, as we look at the timing of the events. So for fiscal '11, it'll be an anomaly of the year in my view. It will start to mitigate in FY '12, which will be a positive and one of the things we're excited about, I cannot tell you today what the market will be like on May 31, when we do our pension calculations, but we certainly are expecting nothing like we saw in the increase in FY '11, so that should be a positive going forward. Our productivity improvement plans are on track. Our G&A cost continued to decline in terms of revenue. So we're excited about that as well. One little math exercise that everybody needs to remember is that at these very high jet fuel prices, that's a margin restrainer because it adds exactly the same amount over time to the revenue line as it does to the expense line. And artificially, is lowering those margins. But the absolute cash flow and EPS won't be impacted by that, just simply the margins will be. So we have a lot of favorable things turning our way. And we're hopeful that the Japan situation will be very short term, and we'll continue with the yield management program until that we're optimistic about the outlook.
Operator: Our next question comes from Garett Chase from Barclays Capital.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: I wondered if you could give a little color on you sustained, if not slightly raised, the fourth quarter outlook, if I'm reading it right. And I'm wondering, and in light of the fact that fuel headwinds have developed I think to a much greater extent than you anticipated when you originally guided to that outcome. I'm wondering if you can give us a little bit of color on what you see that's improving out there that's providing an offset?
Frederick Smith: Well, Gary, if you look at year-over-year, in the third quarter, the net fuel impact is about a wash across FedEx Corporation. We anticipated that it was going to be a positive before the run-up. So we have that working against us in the third quarter. And of course, the fourth quarter, if things stay the way they are, we will not get our full surcharge until May. So right now, we are being penalized by having to run-up in fuel prices and having a trailing six week or so surcharge increase. But what's offsetting that is, as I mentioned before, a lot of these headwinds are starting to fade, we have a lot of momentum. Fourth quarter is always our best earnings quarter of the year, and we're pretty confident about that. With the caveat about fuel going haywire or Japan, which is a very large business for us, deteriorating more than we think it's going to, that's certainly uncertain and we're obviously keeping our eyes on that. Dave can talk a little bit, it would be a good time now I think, Dave, to talk a little bit about what's going on in Japan for us.
David Bronczek: Yes, thank you, Alan. We obviously talked to all of our folks in Japan daily and they're doing a terrific job, and everybody is safe and accounted for, which is the most important thing. We have always maintained our Osaka flights, Narita, we had one day that we had to slow down the inbound flights there because of the backlog for the Northeast there in Sendai area. But we're back in Narita now and Osaka. And everybody's performing very well there obviously it's very difficult situation, so we're watching it closely. But we're up and operating, and we never stopped operating in the South, in the West, and so watching it closely.
Garrett Chase - Barclays Capital: Is Express the place where you think the offset is predominantly? Or is it in Ground or Freight?
Alan Graf: Well, obviously, we're going to improve significantly in Freight. I mean, the combination is behind us, and we'll be solidly in the black here in the fourth quarter and looking for very, very good productivity and improvement in FY '12. Ground is just going to continue to keep hitting it out of the park, rocking along with these 15% margins were very nice growth rate, and that will continue. And Express, we just want to forget about the third quarter. I mean, we had everything that could go against Express go against Express in the third quarter. It's behind us now. And I think the outlook there is very good for significantly improved margins.
Frederick Smith: Let me just add to Alan's point on Q3 for Express. We had 27 operating days. We had severe service disruption days. That's 1/3 of the whole quarter for Express.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Brooklier from Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Wanted to focus in on Freight operations. If I look at the release, it would suggest that maybe there were some incremental costs during the quarter outside of the non-continuing that you cited that maybe you could talk a little bit about some unexpected cost at Freight and maybe the magnitude of those costs through the combination? And then also maybe talk a little bit about weather and how that impacted Freight operations during the quarter?
William Logue: This is Bill Logue. Well, first of all, we're very pleased where we are six weeks in the new corporation here. First two weeks, obviously, were dominated by weather. And again, so I look at it, we're really kind of four weeks into the new program and the team is just on an absolute fabulous job of working our way through learning a new organization and structure after fighting through the first few weeks with the weather challenge. So from a cost perspective, those first two weeks, obviously, very expensive. We're headed for a lot of incremental cost, we have to work our way out of the situation with the weather. Bottom line is we are moving along nicely. Every week, we get better and better. All our efficiencies that we've laid out, our targets, every day, every week improve. And again, we're sitting now four weeks into the post weather start up, and we feel very confident where we are going in here into Q4. I will say this, Q4, as Alan stated is expected to be in the black. But also, Q4 will be a very important quarter for us, as we continue to adjust and tweak the network to make sure that we're getting ready for a strong FY '12.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. And just I'll follow up to that on the volume side, understand that you're trying to flush out some lower yielding freight, but maybe talk about overall service levels during the quarter and through the combination process and maybe talk a little bit to if there were some share loss?
William Logue: Yes. Let me say this here. Again, the first two weeks as Express felt, we had -- actually the quarter had some significant impact from weather, obviously. So if you look at the numbers, there's a substantial number in it. It obviously cost or lost revenue in expenses because the weather storm, I think we had five significant events in the quarter. Obviously, the first couple of days of the new structure of the company were pretty dramatic. But as we go forward here, we're confident and comfortable that we have the right strategy. As far as volume is, we worked hard obviously, Mike's team on the services front, on the yield initiatives. And if you look at the comparisons, the comparisons in Q3 are based on a vary substantially kind of unnormal third quarter of last year, which very -- the volume was very high. So again, we've worked this past year on the yield initiative, and we're seeing very positive results there. And again, we're confident that the volume that we have in the year-over-year comparisons is driven by the yield initiatives primarily, some seasonality, obviously, and some weather. So we feel we're in good shape there. And as we go forward, the customers have responded very well to our new initiative. As we put it, there's choice out there, and they certainly have understand the new initiative. The first two weeks, obviously, there was, I think we read there was some confusion out there. There was -- with the sales team, the ops team and our customer service organization did a fabulous job of touching base with all our customers that were either in the priority or the economy mix and talked to them and clarified to make sure they were picking the right services for their business. And so we think we're well past that, and now it's full steam ahead into Q4.
T. Glenn: This is Mike. Let me just say that Bill's team has done an outstanding job of maintaining very high service levels during the transition. The volume impact during the quarter, as he mentioned, is largely related to weather, and then secondarily, our yield improvement program. As you can see by the results, we were quite aggressive on the yield improvement activities, and we're extremely pleased with the success that we had. More importantly, looking forward, our pipeline is quite full, and customers are responding extremely well to the choice of priority and economy options, and that's giving us the flexibility to really pick and choose our spots, and again, command higher rates based upon the value proposition that we're providing. So we couldn't be happier with where we are at this point. And it really is a great value proposition for our sales team to sell, and we think we're in a great position going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Donald Broughton from Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners, LLC: As it relates to freight, while we're on the subject, Bill, what, if any assumptions, are you making on the fate of Yellow? Are your projections of profitability based upon their demise, or simply a status quo for their operations?
Frederick Smith: First of all, our projections are based on our business and the new network and looking at all of our operating metrics that we have planned and our volume levels and so forth. So it's nothing to do with the Yellow or anybody else. It's our base business. And as far as Yellow, obviously, I wouldn't comment on any of our competitors. And again, we focus on our business in making sure that we're running the best freight business for our organization going forward.
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners, LLC: Well, then I'll speculate. If something were to happen to them, would you, given your new redesigned system, be in a better position to respond than you were before?
Frederick Smith: Yes. I think, obviously, our structure, the way it is, is about the two offerings, gives us a lot of flexibility in either the priority or the economy network depending on the customer's need. Again, that's for any customer that would present our options. Obviously, Mike's team and the sales front, plays a very important role for us, making sure the customers get steered to the right network. And then obviously, from a pricing perspective, making sure that it's going to be a profitable business no matter what new business we pick up from any competitor.
Alan Graf: And, Donald, this is Alan. Let me just add that even though we are selling, hopefully very soon here, a number of the facilities that we no longer need, we are adding doors in key locations to make this network more flexible for whatever additional volume comes. We intend to start back on the growth rate here in the LTL business once we get through this initial period of offering the priority and the economy services.
William Logue: And, Donald, this is Bill again. I will say after the first six weeks here, obviously, the first four weeks, we learned a lot in the new network and we are spending a lot of time making the appropriate adjustments to make sure that we're able to handle today's volumes, future volume, and we're making appropriate adjustments to our network to make sure that we're ready. Obviously, any time you take on a major restructuring that we did, you plan for it. And then the real skill comes when you adjust to what reality hits, when it hits. And again, we're making those adjustments. And again, we've learned a lot and we've made great strides short term. We have great plans for going forward. So we're well positioned and excited for the freight future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nate Brochmann from William Blair & Company.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: I wanted to talk a little bit more, Dave, maybe if you could talk about Japan just a little bit more. I think there's a lot of misperceptions in terms of the size of that business for you, as well as kind of the freight that moves in and out of there. And I was just wondering if you could share a few more thoughts on that.
Frederick Smith: Sure. Obviously, Japan, being the third largest economy in the world, is big for us, and it always has been. So we're watching it closely. We're keeping all of our resources in play there. We're providing more when needed. Quite frankly, we're getting a lot of requests, as Alan or Fred mentioned earlier, for people wanting to ship things into Japan now. And oddly enough, that will probably be a benefit for us going into Japan. So it's an important market. And I think we just have to monitor it and watch it closely. But right now, we feel very good about where we are. We're still in Narita, Osaka, and we intend to keep providing great service and possibly even more lift into Japan.
Nathan Brochmann - William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Fair enough. And I was just wondering to then, the kind of second part of that is, obviously, with a lot of the noise, I think you guys have addressed it fairly well. But I think there's a lot more worry now in terms of just the general economic outlook, but it sounds like your economic outlook kind of going forward hasn't changed at all, and if anything, remained obviously very optimistic. I'm just wondering if the last month has changed any of that outlook.
Frederick Smith: Mike, Glenn, you want to talk about Gene's [ph] forecast?
T. Glenn: Yes. We haven't had a material change in the forecast for calendar year '11. We're still looking at 2.9% GDP growth. Industry production is just under 5%, as Fred mentioned. Consumer spending, again, just under 3%. If you look at our fiscal year '12, as we go into that, we're looking at 3.3% GDP growth, industrial production down slightly from this year. And again, consumer spending around 3%. So not a significant change in that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just on the Ground side, margins, I think posted an all-time high for the third quarter. Can you talk a bit about kind of the shift going on? Is there a shift between Ground, SmartPost? Do you aim to kind of chase some volume here with margins as high as they are? Can you kind of walk us through that?
David Rebholz: Yes. Ken, this is Dave Rebholz. We had a very strong quarter on the volume side. Very proud of the team and the results we've been able to deliver, especially in light of the unique days. We had three record Mondays. And we actually beat our record this year. This year, we hit $10.7 million on a Monday, which was 1.5 million packages higher than previous year. So there's a lot of incredible focus without significant loss to service other than some of the service days where whole regions were -- regions of the country were simply shut down in terms of the highway system. So putting that aside, SmartPost also had a great year on that $10.7 million, SmartPost record day was $4.4 million, which if you go back four years, we were doing 350,000, 360,000 packages a day. It is a humongous recognition by our customers of the value. And that value is coming through online sales. It's the .com world that is really driving SmartPost. SmartPost had good margins. We had good margins at Ground. We always get certain efficiencies in these times. But we've got our costs very tightly buttoned down and the incremental costs that we employ or use are all designed to number one, improve our service, which we are the fastest in the industry; number two, provide additional efficiencies; and number three, reward our employees and our contractors with the fine service performance that they've been able to do. So across the board, and I'll add in one last thing, yield was strong. You've heard it repeatedly this morning. Yield was strong, both as a function of weight. Our surcharges at home were very strong, as we went through the December timeframe for the unique services that we provide. Fuel, it had a little bit of a drag on us. We understand that. And then to what Bill and Dave and Alan have all said, the sales team and services organization have been able to take our value proposition and leverage it for incremental increases in our general rate increase. So I'm very optimistic about the future.
Ken Hoexter - BofA Merrill Lynch: Dave, if I can do my follow-up there as well and I was amazed how many actually FedEx Ground packages came to my house during the holiday -- SmartPost came. But the question on that is do you -- I guess if the post office starts to shift in their kind of delivery, does that impact the business? Does fuel running up impact that ability to get the pure rate on the overall? I guess that's a general yield question.
Alan Graf: Yes. Well, Ken, the actual postal structure that you've been hearing information about, I think probably the mostly widely conveyed message was the Saturday operation. They're really talking about Saturday delivery. We do not do Saturday delivery with SmartPost. And their facilities will still be open for acceptance of packages. When we get into the peak season, just so you understand, we run three ships 7x24 because that's gigantic increase in volume necessitates if you use your capital equipment to the greatest advantage as humanly possible. There isn't any pressure on the Monday through Friday delivery with the post office. I think we're sitting perfectly to the extent that the change will be -- we will advise you, but at this point, we don't see a risk that we have to be concerned about in the near or long-term future. And we have a great working relationship, both as their largest vendor through FedEx Express, and we're their largest parcel select customer. So we work very closely with them to ensure that we're doing all the right things.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Ross from Stifel, Nicolaus.
David Ross: With respect to higher fuel prices, there's been a lot of talk, given the FedEx portfolio and how that impacts the customer shipping options. Certainly, the spike in 2008 caused a lot of trade downs from Express, the Next Day, Next Day to Ground, Ground to SmartPost. A lot of shippers over the last couple of years, I guess, have been optimizing their networks. Could you comment on where you see kind further optimization? How much really is left to do in the trade down if fuel continues to climb?
Frederick Smith: Mike Glenn, you want to take that?
T. Glenn: Yes. David, obviously, we've seen a lot of that. We saw a lot of that when the fuel surcharge went well over 20%. We don't feel we're in that range at this point. As Alan mentioned, our outlook's based upon the fuel prices as we see them today. Clearly, if we were to see a significant spike up where the fuel surcharge were to increase another 10 points or so, it's quite possible you can see some trade down. But we're all ready -- that's the part of our sales strategy to ensure that customers traffic gets in the right network. And so we try to point in that direction already. So I don't think you would see as much has occurred in the last go-round. And keep in mind that we built the surcharge, we've taken two points every year for the last five or six years and put it into the base rates. So it certainly minimizes the impact of increasing fuel prices. So there's certainly a possibility that you could see a slight mix change if the fuel prices continue to escalate. But again, our sales team has done a good job of making sure customer traffic gets in the right network to begin with. So certainly don't think it would have the same impact that we saw several years ago.
David Ross: Excellent. Just a follow-up on the FedEx Freight Network with the newer, leaner infrastructure that you all have, plus with, I guess, the greater opportunities in rail, what is the network capacity remaining in the new network? I mean, I guess a lot of people think that it's going to be less than the old network, but maybe the way you adjusted it or you're still probably low rail usage might allow for similar capacity.
Frederick Smith: Yes, capacity, obviously, is an important part our business. We've been using a lot of rail with our economy in the offering and that's gone very well. So we continue to adjust on that work. Obviously, we have plenty of capacity. Again, the key point is where the appropriate customer is needed and where the yield is. And we just needed internally to adjust our resources now that we have operations kind of on both sides of the business. So it's all about adjusting capacity as the demand needs and our job is obviously to make sure that we align the resources to it. If we have capacity, we have multiple variable options with our own linehaul, with the purchase transportation linehaul. So we have that flexibility to put the resources where we need to.
Frederick Smith: And as far as facilities from the PU&D side of the business, pick up side of the business, with the reduction in our number of centers, we're very confident that we have the right pick up and delivery network out there. Now it's just kind of continuing to adjust with the customers' demands.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Sterling from BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Looking at your Express segment and your positive commentary around that as for your outlook, clearly, you guys are seeing some strong volumes in Express. What do you think are the primary drivers? Is it low inventory sales ratio? is it industrial production growth? Or maybe a combination of both?
Frederick Smith: Well, this is Fred Smith. Let me have Dave and then Mike Glenn comment on this. It's all of the above. The facts of the matter are, the world economy continues to get bigger, the biggest economy in the world is the economy of world trade and the fastest growing part of world trade is the growth among the emerging markets and the emerging markets to and from the industrialized nations. And I think today, perhaps because of the tremendous news capabilities we have, everybody gets fixated on an event or one thing or another, and while many of them are terrible and not very pleasant, the facts of the matter are that the momentum of introducing billions of people into the world trading economy is one of the biggest things that's ever happened in the history of the world. And our Express operation and the entire Express segment sits right in the middle that. So that's why we have the confidence. And with the biggest air express air cargo network, it's about 60% bigger than the next largest one, we're getting a lot of advantage from scale. So that's the macro answer. I'll ask Dave and then Mike to comment on more specific issues.
David Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave Bronczek. Yes, Fred's right. Our global powerhouse is going into more parts of the world, deeper into more countries, India, Mexico, China, the U.K., all around the world. So we're adding to our products and portfolio and customers have a different mix of business now they can give us across the world. But it's our global footprint that's so powerful, and we're going so deep into these countries now and providing new opportunities, new services. And then of course, our high-tech customers are just shipping, I'm sure most of you received from FedEx the latest iPad and on and on. But I think it's what Fred said. It's the global power of our network going deep into many more countries.
Frederick Smith: The only other comment I would make is if you look at the GDP forecast for the emerging economies, both in Asia-Pacific and Europe, they're growing much faster than U.S., which plays right into the sweet spot for our value proposition. The launch of the 777 aircraft gives us a significant competitive advantage in key markets, allowing us to pick up later and open new market opportunities. Our broadening product portfolio is certainly playing a role in that. So we've got a terrific value proposition out there that's playing right into the hands of these emerging market economies that are growing at a much faster rate than the U.S. economy.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you very much, that's great color. And as a follow-up, Alan, this question is for you. You talked about the higher aircraft maintenance expense next quarter. Is that a function of just pulling more planes out of the desert? Or is it more a function that your aircraft have gotten busier?
Alan Graf: Yes, the desert is fastest. It's now that where our utilization's are up and there are more aircraft, but it's also some timing anomalies. So as I've said, that will still be fairly high in the fourth quarter, but it will mitigate in FY '12.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jason Seidl from Dahlman Rose.
Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: A couple of quick questions. One, Bill, on the LTL front. With the network now as it is, has there been any change in the split between the regional business and some of the Long Haul business, or is it about the same?
Alan Graf: Can you repeat that question again?
Jason Seidl - Dahlman Rose & Company, LLC: Yes, the split between sort of your Regional Business and your Long Haul business now as the network is redesigned versus the prior network? Has anything changed?
T. Glenn: Kevin, let me jump in. This is Mike. Obviously, we've worked a lot with customers to help them understand the new services available for them. There's been some minimal change in the split of the business, but it's certainly within our projections of what we thought would happen. I think customers are learning the services, learning the service level, the transit days, and we'll continue to see some modest adjustment going forward in that. But it has not been a significant issue for us and certainly within our expectations.
Frederick Smith: Yes, I'll add to Mike's point there. We also, the first couple weeks, we saw a lot of customers trying to understand the new offerings and it certainly has stabilized over the past four weeks, so which makes it obviously, easier for us to build our plan and so forth so we're seeing that stabilization, which kind of addresses that confusion issue I think on the front end as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kauffman from Sterne Agee.
Jeffrey Kauffman - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: A lot of my questions have been answered, but let me ask the following: We've had tsunamis before. We had the situation in New Orleans. We've had kind of global disasters. Can you talk a little bit about in with respect to what's going on in Japan and the tsunami, and David, thank you for the color that you gave, which industries, what areas with the brownouts and what's going on in this particular situation are most at risk over the short term, long term? And you talked about some of the people that are shipping things over. When there are natural disasters, sometimes there are offsetting benefits in terms of A, volume in terms of machinery parts, electricity, what have you. Can you talk a little bit about some of the specific risks and potential benefits that could result from this natural disaster?
Frederick Smith: Well, this is Fred Smith. I'll ask Dave to comment further. It's very difficult to ascertain what the effect is going to be. I don't think in the scheme of things, with a company the size of FedEx, at about $10 billion a quarter, that the net effect of Japan is going to be significant. Now that doesn't mean that there couldn't be a lot of money in human terms, but in relative terms to FedEx's operation. And secondarily, while this thing has been horrific and one of the worst things we've seen in a long, long time, the reality is it's fairly localized. And assuming that there's no great effect from the nuclear power plant issues, the Japanese are very resourceful people and we're carrying a lot of traffic out of Japan as we speak. And the trade balance from Japan and to Japan was always much more export oriented there. So there will be more traffic going into Japan from reconstruction purposes than would otherwise have been the case. And of course, there will also be humanitarian relief, and as I mentioned in my remarks, we try to stand up and help people do that because we have a unique capability to do it, and other people in the industry also do that. So I don't think that Japan will be significant overall. There may be some pinch points in various supply chains and have some effect on automotive or high-tech production. But the Japanese are very able folks, and I think the way 'they've handle this thing is also very admirable. I might add, and on our board, we have Doctor Shirley Jackson, and Doctor Jackson's the head of the Rensselaer Polytech. And she was also the head of the nuclear regulatory commission, and we coincidently had our quarterly board meeting on Monday. So one of the most interesting things we've had in a long time was to listen to her educate us with about the situation in Japan. And I think the likelihood is that the effects of the nuclear situation there are more probably less rather than more, unless there's some drastic, unfortunate convergence of events takes place.
Alan Graf: Yes, Fred's exactly right. I mean, we have a lot of requests right now from the American Red Cross, Heart to Heart and many, many others. Of course FedEx is famous for providing that level of support anywhere around the world, whether it was the China earthquake a year ago, 18 months ago and so forth. But on top of all that, we are getting a lot of requests right now, and we're looking at positioning it to ship materials, heavy materials into Japan to support the reconstruction efforts over there. So you would expect that because we are so big and so global and we have the resources, so we're queuing that up now.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Barnes from RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: In terms of LTL, going back to that for just a second. If I take a look at what you did on a revenue per hundred weight basis in the quarter versus where you're revenue per hundred weight peaked I think back in like the first fiscal quarter of '09, it's still down like 9% or 10% from the prior peak. And my question is, one, how long will it take you to kind of get back to those peak levels of revenue per hundred weight? And two, do you have to in order to get back to the prior level of profitability at freight, or has this restructuring kind of lowered that bar a little bit?
T. Glenn: John, this is Mike. You're correct that we're not at our peak yields, although we've had significant year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter improvements in yield, and I certainly expect that to continue. And I also expect us to exceed those peak yields. Although certainly, we don't make forecast on timing of such activities, but we're going to stay committed to the yield improvement programs, and we think we've got a value proposition now that will allow us to do that, and I'll let Bill comment on the network and the ports of yield in that.
William Logue: Obviously, we've been -- restructuring our network is key, but internally, we focused on the network is one half, to continue yield initiative is the other half. So the answer to your question directly, yes, we need a network positive gains. We're getting that plus continued yield improvement to get where we need to be to get our -- to achieve our double-digit margin goal. And Mike's team is doing a great job continuing focus on it and the ops team has done a great job aligning our metrics for our network side and then the continued great performance by Mike's team negotiated in the yield side of the business is really a key factor as well for our long term success.
Alan Graf: This is Alan. Let me just give it to you direct. No, we don't have to get back to those old yields to get very, very nice double-digit margins to freight because we have taken out a tremendous amount of cost duplication and G&A overhead.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso from Credit Suisse.
Christopher Ceraso - Crédit Suisse AG: Alan, you walked through some of the things that change from '11 to '12, but it sounds like in many cases, it's just you're not going to see another big increase from '11 to '12. Are there costs, whether it's maintenance or compensation or pension, I know it's hard to gauge, but are some costs actually going to decline outright from '11 to '12? Or is it just you get better leverage because the revenues keep going up and the cost don't go up again?
Alan Graf: Well, it I think that the productivity that we have, momentum that we have in all of our operating companies is tremendous right now, so we're going to continue to get continued productivity gains. I mean, if you look at Ground, for example, and how they're driving increased margins, it's because every time they add another 100,000 pieces, whether it's in SmartPost or commercial or home delivery, they're getting additional economies of scale and productivity. Our technology improvements that we're adding everywhere is providing us additional productivity. Our G&A headcount is essentially frozen. So it's everywhere inside the company. It's being engineered with cost management and service improvements in mind, and we're very focused on quality and so it's pervasive. As far as some big giant cost reduction, no, I don't think so, although eventually, we will see lower pension costs as interest rates rise.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Kleinschmidt from Jefferies.
Paul Kleinschmidt: Just a really quick housekeeping question. It looked like the tax rate was a little light in fiscal third quarter. I'm just curious, what discounted into the fourth quarter guidance?
Frederick Smith: I love that, a little bit light. We like it lower, okay? So that's where light is good. We are seeing improvements to our lowering of our effective tax rate as a result of our international profitability and our permanent reinvestment programs, and then we have around the world. We would love to see a corporate tax rate reduction. We love to see territoriality and all those to help us even more, but working with what we can, that's a major driving factor. And of course, our cash tax rate is going to be very low as we take advantage of 100% expensing this year, this calendar year and 50% next calendar year.
Paul Kleinschmidt: Okay. So the book rate historically, was tracking around 37%, it sounds like maybe 34%. As you went back down is the direction we're going?
Frederick Smith: Well I'd say for this year, just depending on how things work out and with the Japan situation, 36% to 37%, but yes, we intend to drive it down over time. On a static basis as we continue to improve our international profitability where our earnings are taxed at a lower rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Langenfeld from Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I have two questions. One on the CapEx side and the pension side, relative to your calls on capital, what should we think about that in the next couple of years? And then the second question was just weight per shipment, you highlighted it on the international side and Express, but can you also talk about weight per shipment in the Ground business?
Frederick Smith: I'll handle the first part and then I'll turn it over to Mike and Dave Rebholz for the second. As we stated many times, we are being very aggressive right now. We have a substantial amount of cash on the balance sheet. As I've said, we're going to be very nicely cash flow positive this year. That's after we paid for our CapEx, after we pay for our acquisitions and after we fund our pension fund and after we've paid off some of the debt. I mean, we have a zero net debt position if you take our cash and offset with the debt that we have on the balance sheet, in fact, it's positive. And we intend to make sure that happens in FY '12. Having said that, because we're getting expensing at a 100% and 50%, we think now's the time to, with markets that we see, to accelerate that a little bit. So we're going to be aggressive, and we'll probably take our CapEx up in FY '12 as a result and accelerate some things forward because we're getting the essentially, tax-free, interest-free loan from the government from the expensing. So that's our plan but we'll still be cash flow positive and we'll still drive improved earning and we will be carrying our company for the long run.
T. Glenn: John, this is Mike. If you look at weight and its impact on yield during the third quarter for ground, the primary driver there was rate and discount changes. Once you exclude fuel, weight had a very minor effect on yields in the quarter. And if you look at it at a quarter-over-quarter basis, weight actually had a very slight negative impact on the yields, which is always the case in the quarter with peak season because you tend to have a little bit lighter weight per transaction there. So all up, a slight positive on a year-over-year basis and a quarter-over-quarter basis, a slight negative.
David Rebholz: Let me just add, this is Dave Rebholz. We did have a nice pick up in our general rate increase, and we had a nice pick up in surcharges, both dimensionalization and other unique surcharges associated with the growth in home delivery networks. And Mike's already answered the weight situation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Malat from Goldman Sachs.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I just wanted to follow-up just on Express yields. On the -- can you help us with the outlook here? Obviously, it tends to move with industrial production, but when you're close to eight pounds per package, how do we think about it at these high levels? What's left of the opportunity here?
Frederick Smith: Express yields, we certainly believe we've got plenty of opportunity going forward. We have a multiphase strategy here. I've talked about some of that already. Obviously, we have a number of contracts that will come up for a renewal. In the next six months, we expect to get above-market rate increases as we renew those contracts. Our sales team is doing a fabulous job negotiating with our customers in that regard. We're doing a great job of managing surcharges as part of that. The annual rate increase, we're holding on to a higher percentage of that. The change in dimensional weight pricing has provided a benefit greater than our expectation and we continue to manage that. So we have a lot of things going in our favor. And again, I have to say again, our sales team is doing a fabulous job of taking the yield management challenge and executing accordingly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Wolfe from Wolfe John.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: Just a follow-up on what Mike has said now a couple of times about these multiyear contracts that I think you said earlier. You don't intend to try to break early and so there's obviously a potential pricing opportunity in the future. Can you discuss the percent of these multiyear contracts? How many are kind of directionally one year above that? How much of your business is spot across the Express and Ground networks?
Frederick Smith: Well, Ed, the majority of our contracts are multiyear contracts, some are two some are three. It's rare that we go above three years unless the customer just insists on a longer-term contract. Obviously, we have the ability to make adjustments to those contracts with appropriate notice, but we don't think that's the right action to take there. And I'll be honest, I don't have the percentage off the top of my head on the amount of the business under contract, but it's -- I would say, it's a little over half.
Edward Wolfe - Bear Stearns: A little half what? I'm not sure what that half represents.
Frederick Smith: A little over half would be under -- I mean, just to be clear, all of our discounted businesses is on a pricing agreement. So that would be, for all intents and purposes, a contract. The difference is for our larger customers, you tend to have multiyear contracts, with the smaller customers, you have Evergreen contracts. In other words, they just continue on with annual rate increases built in until one party or the other terminates the agreement. So all of our discount businesses is under some form of agreement, but the larger customers clearly have -- tend to have the multiyear agreements.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Greene from Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Alan, just two quick data questions for you. The first is, can you just maybe size Japan revenue for us on that $10 billion quarterly number? And secondly, if we think about the investment, if you will, the restructuring investment you're making in freight, what's a reasonable return to think about on that investment? 15%, does that sound like a fair threshold?
Alan Graf: Well, as you know, we don't break out regional revenues, and I don't think it's as good a time to start, but as Dave said, it is the third largest economy the world. Go back all the way to the late '80s when we bought Flying Tiger where Japan was a majority of those revenues at those days and we've grown it since then. So it's a substantial part of our business. And I do have in the range that we've given you, a lower profitability than I would have had for Japan before the tsunami. But where it's actually is going to fall out in the short run, I really can't answer. But we'll manage around it. I mean, the good thing is, in offshore locations, most of our assets are human. And as Dave said, they were all safe and rolling stock for aircraft with wings, so we can fly out of there. So our property losses were very, very de minimis over there. And what was your second question?
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: It was just on freight. What you think about the restructuring investment you're making, what's a reasonable return for that?
Alan Graf: Well, on a cash basis, it's unlimited because we actually don't have any net cash outflow to do the restructuring. So the write-offs were book entries only. And as we've said many, many times, the productivity alone, not to mention the service improvements that we're getting from the priority, the economy thing are very substantial. So I wish I had 10 more projects just like it, quite frankly.
Operator: And this is all the time we have for questions. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Foster for any additional or closing comments.
Mickey Foster: Thank you very much for participating on the conference call today. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-06-16 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster – VP, IR Fred Smith – Chairman, President and CEO Alan Graf – EVP & CFO Chris Richards – EVP, General Counsel and Secretary Mike Glenn – President and CEO of FedEx Services Dave Bronczek – President and CEO of FedEx Express Bill Logue – President and CEO of FedEx Freight Dave Rebholz – President and CEO of FedEx Ground
Analysts: Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan Gary Chase – Barclays Capital John Barnes – RBC Capital Markets Justin Yagerman – Deutsche Bank Matthew Brooklier – Piper Jaffray David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus Jon Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird Kevin Sterling – BB&T Capital Markets Bill Greene – Morgan Stanley Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse Scott Malat – Goldman Sachs Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Trahan Jeff Kauffman – Sterne Agee David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Co.
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the FedEx Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations for FedEx Corporation. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning and welcome to FedEx Corporation’s fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. I would like to invite you to our Investor Meeting here in Memphis, so please save Tuesday and Wednesday, September 28 and 29, on your calendar. We will have more details about the meeting for you next month. The fourth quarter earnings release and the 25-page stat book are on our Web site at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our web site, and the replay and podcast download will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer session, callers will be limited to one question and a follow-up so we can accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. In our earnings release, we will include certain non-GAAP financial measures, which we may discuss on this call. Please refer to the release available on our website for further discussion of these measures and a reconciliation to them – to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. To the extent we disclose any other non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the investor relations portion of our website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures for the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Mike Glenn, President and CEO of FedEx Services; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter, followed by Alan Graf. After Alan, we will have Q&A.
Fred Smith: Thank you, Mickey. Good morning. Welcome ladies and gentlemen to our discussion of earnings for the fourth quarter and full year, our fiscal year 2010 just ended and our perspective on fiscal year ’11. We finished FY ‘10 with positive momentum, following gradual economic improvement during quarter three and a strong fourth quarter. Package volume grew significantly as major global economies began emerging from recession in the second half of fiscal year ’10. In addition to being aided by the economic recovery in fiscal year ’10, we were able to successfully navigate the economic downturn for several reasons. First, the FedEx team was absolutely committed to coming out of this recession stronger and in a better competitive position. We made calculated decisions during the recession so we could leverage our unique global networks to take advantage of the economic recovery we knew would come. Second, we built and maintain an exceptionally strong balance sheet, and third, we plan and execute a business model that puts variable cost programs, what I refer to as our shock absorbers, in place over many years throughout our network so we can quickly and efficiently select up or down to match shipping capacity to demand. We implemented in this regard several actions in 2009 to lower our cost, including some salary reductions, suspension of 401 (k) company matching contributions, and significant volume related reductions in hours and line-haul expenses. We are very pleased that we have been able to begin restoring some of these pay programs and incentives in calendar year 2010. As we look into fiscal year ’11, a year that began on June 1, we expect stronger demand for our services and continued growth in revenue and earnings as global economic conditions continued to improve. Our chief economist forecasts FY ‘11 GDP growth will be 3.2% compared to less than 1% in FY ‘10. Industrial production, to which our shipment volume closely correlates, is expected to rise from a negative 3.3% to a positive 5%. We think the restocking process in place will continue in the short-term together with gains in consumption and equipment sales. We believe the improving economy will result in a more stable pricing environment, enhancing our ability to improve yields across all of our transport segments. These yield management initiatives combined with growth in volume should improve our margins in FY ‘11. Shipments by air [ph] are growing largely aided by the current inventory cycle, as companies find themselves with inventories too lean to meet customer demand using slower modes of transport. International load factors are at their highest level since 2000. Asian and Latin American volumes have been particularly strong. FedEx Express increased its operating income and operating margin due to volume growth, especially in higher margin FedEx International Priority package and freight services. IP package volume grew 23% in our fiscal year ’10 fourth quarter. FedEx Ground grew throughout the recession as domestic customers choose lower-priced ground transportations and FedEx Ground gained market share. Despite improving economic conditions, the less-than-truckload freight market remains highly price competitive due to continued excess capacity, contributing to an operating loss in FedEx Freight. Having said that, we are confident that Bill Logue and his leadership team are on course to achieve FedEx goals, which are to be the premier LTL service provider, the market leader, and the most profitable carrier in the industry. FedEx Freight plays an important role in our unmatched bundle of transportation solutions at customer value. Our capital expenditures for FY ‘11 are expected to be approximately $3.2 billion with incremental investment in the substantially more fuel-efficient Boeing 777 freighters that add unique value for our growing number of international customers, and which are helping us win new business for FedEx. The 777 is a significant competitive advantage for us, allowing us the latest cut off times in many Asia-Pacific markets for shipments to the United States and Europe. We will continue to balance the need to control spending with the opportunity to make investments with high returns. In this regard, we are confident that investments in the Boeing 777s and 757s will improve returns for our shareowners by increasing margins, returns on invested capital and cash flow. We believe the action that we’ve taken to reduce cost, while investing in areas with the highest returns have allowed FedEx to resume in FY ‘11 the upward trajectory of financial performance that we saw before the recession began. I like to reiterate our long-term goals of increasing our earnings per share 10% to 15% annually over the long term, while growing revenue, achieving 10% plus operating margins, improving cash flow, and increasing the returns on our invested capital. Finally, let me take a moment to recognize Judith Estrin [ph], and thank her for her 20 plus year service, and her many contributions as a FedEx board member, include sharing our unique information technology oversight committee. Judith will be retiring from our board in the September meeting, and will not stand for a reelection at this year's annual meeting. I won't have a chance to say this before we have another conference call. So we would like to thank her for having been a tremendous business partner for FedEx. We will miss her expertise and leadership, and we wish her the best in the future. Now let me turn the microphone over to Alan Graf, our CFO.
Alan Graf: Thank you Fred and good morning everyone. This morning we released our strong fourth quarter results of $1.43 per share, more than double our adjusted $0.64 earned last year, while revenues in the fourth quarter jumped 20%. Earnings increased as a result of stronger shipment growth in international express and continued growth at FedEx Ground. FedEx International Priority average daily package volume grew 23%, led by exports from Asia. IP average daily volume from Asia grew 41% year-over-year, and FedEx Ground packages grew 7%. An operating loss at FedEx Freight, the reinstatement of certain employee compensation programs, and higher aircraft maintenance expenses impacted the fourth quarter results. Looking first at the Express segment, revenue grew 23% to 5.9 billion with an operating margin of 7% in the quarter. Operating profit and margin improvements were driven by volume and revenue growth, particularly in higher margin IP package and freight services, as well as continued strong cost management. IP revenue per package grew 6% due to higher weight per package, which was up 8%; higher fuel surcharges and a favorable exchange rate impact. IP freight volume increased 68%. Express added a night schedule daily transpacific frequency in April, utilizing the capabilities of Boeing 777-F aircraft. This additional frequency provides new capacity from Asia to the US, and allows best in market cut off times. Also in April, a third scheduled daily flight was added from Asia to Europe providing the first in market next day service from Hong Kong to all of Europe. Our international capabilities are simply unmatched. Looking at the Ground segment, revenues climbed 15% to $2 billion, while operating income soared 57% to a quarterly record of $319 million. FedEx Ground average daily package volume grew 7% driven by increases in the business-to-business market, as well as FedEx Home Delivery service. Yield increased 5% primarily due to higher fuel surcharges, increased extra services fees and higher average package weight. FedEx SmartPost average daily volume increased 23%, with yields increasing 6%. I might add that our Ground segment exceeded 1 billion of operating income on an annual basis for the first time in FY ‘10, with an overall operating margin of 13.8%. Looking at freight, segment results were frankly a bit disappointing. Despite significantly higher revenues, losses continued as a result of lower yields and higher volume related costs. Revenue increased 30% from $1.2 billion versus $900 million last year. LTL volume increased 34% to 91,500 shipments per day from 68,400 last year. Weight per shipment increased 4%, but LTL yield decreased 6%. Our balance sheet strengthened again as cash flow from operations were positive and debt was reduced to $650 million. End of the year, our debt total was $1.93 billion, while our cash on hand was greater than that at $1.95 billion. Turning now to the outlook, our current outlook is for FY ‘11 Q1 EPS to be in the range of $0.85 to $1.05, and full FY ‘11 EPS to be in a range of $4.40 to $5.00 per share. In the release, we talk about the fact that our outlook assumed stable fuel crisis at today's market and the futures outlook, and a continued moderate recovery in the global economy. Obviously, the volatility and absolute level of fuel price can have a dramatic impact on our results. Our economic forecast for FY ‘11 assumes 3.2% real GDP growth in the US as Fred mentioned, and 3.1% for the world as a whole. As I am certain, you know, our revenue forecast starts with the economic outlook would. While we have the ability to flex down our cost structure defensively or up offensively, steady moderate growth is a key to hitting these ranges. We are also working very diligently on yield increases across the board, most notably at Freight, and Mike Glenn will be discussing that with you in the Q&A session. We do have some cost headwinds in FY ‘11, the most notable being a fixed pension increase of $260 million over FY ‘10, largely as a result of a 131 basis decline in our discount rate. Suffice [ph] to say, I doubt any of you on the call had that much of an increase in the First Call numbers for FY ‘11. Higher anticipated healthcare costs will also be a headwind. As we return aircraft from the desert to revenue service, our maintenance cost will increase as well, as they did in Q4 of FY ‘10. We are being very aggressive in our international expansion at Express, significantly increasing our network capability with the addition of the 777s, and increasing flat hours across the board. Expansion of the air network brings some start-up costs as well, but these investments will significantly improve our earnings in FY ‘11 and beyond. With all up, I think we're going to have a very good year in FY ‘11, barring some exogenous variable working very hard against us. Our IP network is unparalleled, and revenues are growing rapidly. Our ground network is the fastest in the business, and we will get freight back on track. With that operator, we are happy to open it for questions and answers.
Chris Richards: Go ahead with your questions.
Operator:
 :
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners: Good morning everyone. Congratulations on the solid quarter. There is a big ongoing concern about the European economy, and so let us just upfront talk about it. What have you seen in changes in the amount of volume you are seeing coming back and forth across the Atlantic, and for that matter with your new direct Europe Asia flight?
Dave Bronczek: Thanks Donald, this is Dave Bronczek. I will start off. We have seen solid growth in Europe, as our numbers would indicate double-digit growth, we’ve had several years, in fact, you can go back to probably 10 years in a row now we have had double-digit growth out of Europe. So between Europe and Asia and Europe and the United States, we continue to see very strong growth in the sector that we participate in. So I understand your question and I understand that you would be concerned about it, but for FedEx Express very solid growth.
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners: Do you have a projected date at which you think Freight will get to breakeven?
Bill Logue: Hi, Don it is Bill Logue. We are working aggressively towards that plan. We have a solid yield plan. We do a great job on the productivity side of the business, but our objective is as I said the three clear goals, number one, we need to be the most profitable carrier in the business, and we are working on that. And again as FY ‘11 moves on that is our number one objective.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Helane Becker with Jesup & Lamont.
Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Hi, thanks very much operator. Hi everybody. Just a question on the aircraft that are coming out of the desert Alan, how many are you taking out of service then, and putting back in?
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave Bronczek. We’ve taken six aircraft out of the desert in the fourth quarter, and we will be taking a little bit more than that over the next several quarters in FY ‘11, which is Alan’s earlier comment about maintenance.
Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Right, got you. Okay, thank you very much. That was really my only question.
Dave Bronczek: I should add to that, obviously the maintenance to go back to service on the engines in some of the numbers that Alan indicated.
Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Right, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will go next to Tom Wadewitz with JP Morgan.
Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan: Hi, yes. Good morning. I wanted to – I guess I have two questions for you, one on pricing in domestic express, there tend to be moving parts, and Alan I think you commented on them briefly, but can you give us a little more granularity on what price would have looked like in your domestic express, and how you think that is trending in general?
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn, and we're beginning to see the results of our efforts as we benefited from improvements in base rates and weight per package in our parcel businesses both Express and Ground as compared to last quarter and last year. So, as I mentioned on the last call we are being very aggressive in terms of our year-end improvement efforts. We're making sure we get acceptable rate increases and taking a much tougher negotiating stance on contract renewals. We have established new pricing guidelines for new business, and we are ensuring that customers are meeting their volume commitments in order to retain existing rates. So the results that we're seeing in terms of improvements in base rates and weight per package are a direct result of those efforts, and we remain committed to that path.
Tom Wadewitz - JP Morgan: Okay, and then the second question just on maintenance costs, if I look at the fourth quarter you had I think 342 million in maintenance in Express versus 261 million in third, so there was a decent ramp, and I think that is – you had talked about that before. Is the fourth quarter a reasonable run rate looking forward, or do you see it ramp further, or how do we think about maintenance in fiscal ’11 relative to what the fourth quarter run rate was?
Dave Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave Bronczek again. It is relative to probably the first-half of our fiscal year. The fourth quarter would be similar to the first-half, and then it would gradually decline.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gary Chase with Barclays Capital.
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital: Hi guys, good morning. I wanted to see if I could get some color from Dave Rebholz on just the Ground margin performance was very solid, and wondered if you could speak to the sustainability of that looking forward. In particular, I noted other expenses looked relatively low, was there something in there that we should think is not going to carry forward?
Dave Rebholz: Yes, Gary, Dave. No, the – some of the key advantages we had obviously were our volume growth, and it materialized in great productivity. The second thing is we had a pickup in the growth of our commercial business, which drives productivity, more pieces pushed up [ph]. We had some improved safety performance that allowed us to reverse or lower some of our accrual. So in the aggregate, we're just performing on all eight cylinders and not missing a beat. So with that in mind, absent any one time events, my perspective is that we will continue to perform at these levels. Remembering fourth-quarter is our best quarter, but we are going to – Alan said it is 13%. We see no degradation in that margin performance over the year ahead.
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital: Okay, and the lower accruals that you just mentioned Dave, that is going to have some ongoing benefit as well, correct?
Dave Rebholz: Yes, absolutely. They are dialed in now, but we continue with our safety – it is really de minimis in the grand scheme of things, volume is the key driver. And the outliers are quite frankly fuel and any one time issues that we may run into as an organization. But I see sustained growth at this level.
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Barnes with RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, in taking a look at the modest sequential improvement in the yields at the freight division, can you talk a little bit about have you begun to see a reversal in the actual rates there or is the sequential yield improvement coming more from a mix shift, and just ridding yourself of maybe some business that didn't necessarily fit your network?
Mike Glenn: John, this is Mike Glenn again. And we are starting to see the results of our LTL yield improvement efforts, however, during the quarter the most challenging issue that we faced was higher than expected growth rate from our more heavily discounted customers, which tempered [ph] that progress on yield improvement during the quarter. We are executing many of the same tactics in the freight sector that we are in the LTL sector. Having said that, we are being even more aggressive by reviewing accounts with less than acceptable margins, or that are grabbing a disproportionate share of expense and making rate adjustments as required. In some cases, this is going to require us to put traffic at risk, we are prepared to do to meet our goals.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then secondly, I was at an event recently where the majority of participants kind of agreed that FAA [ph] reauthorization probably going to happen sometime soon. It sounds like without the FedEx provision in it. From your perspective, do you have any update on the timeline of that and what you expect?
Chris Richards: Hello John. This is Chris Richards. I will tell you what we expect right now and it might change in the next 24 hours, but at the current time it looks like a fair amount of progress is being made on the resolution and reconciliation of some of the issues not related to the RLA in the bill. We presently expect the Senate leadership to move forward and see if there is a way to get a FAA bill that does not include the RLA change in it, and quite frankly we could see some efforts in this area as soon as next week.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: Hey, good morning. I don't envy you guys having to project what the economy is going to do a year out. And I guess I just wanted to get a sense for how confident you guys are in the full-year guidance you put out, and what kind of visibility you feel like you have to the current environment given all the crosscurrents that are out there in the macro right now.
Alan Graf: Well, it is the first time we have given annual guidance in a while Justin, and so, we are a little bit more confident. I think I caveated it quite a bit about totally dependent on a moderate economic growth on a global basis, and fairly stable and fuel prices at a level they are at, which are two obviously things that are out of our control, but our IP growth is continuing exceedingly strong here in June. And it looks like it is going to continue that way for the foreseeable future. Ground traffic is very positive. We will get freight back on track, and if you are looking a little bit further down the road than a year, some of the cost headwinds I was talking about in FY ‘11, don't repeat in FY ‘12. I can't imagine that interest rates are going to anything but go up from this point, which is a big impact on our expense and we could actually see a lower pension expense in ’12 than ’11, rather than a giant increase. So we have a lot of confidence. We feel a lot better about our business, but you are absolutely right. There are so many things going on that I can have a different tune in September, but as where we are today that is our current look.
Justin Yagerman - Deutsche Bank: Okay. I appreciate that. And I guess as a follow-up, you guys have talked about the $3 billion in costs that you've taken out over the last couple of years and the $1.5 billion that's permanent. How much of that other $1.5 billion do you guys feel has come back at this point and where are you in seeing those costs begin to come back?
Alan Graf: Well, you know, that $3 billion and $1.5 billion was a non-GAAP analytic snapshot at that time, and then after that we go on and we manage our business. So, obviously a lot of those cost savings fell to the bottom line. We absolutely crushed our business plan last year, and funded a significant amount of annual incentive compensation that we didn't think we were going to fund. We are also being very aggressive in international now. So we're spending some of that permanent savings in a different bucket. So the savings is still there. We're just reinvesting it very heavily. Obviously, the earnings are better than they otherwise would have been. So, I'm very comfortable that we have significantly reduced our cost structure by the amount that we said that we are adding in other areas as we are growing and becoming more aggressive. I think the range that we have given you is pretty thrilling from an EPS growth rate. I don't see any other companies out there saying that they are going to be able to do that. So, I think that has been one of the keys. The other key will be our yield management as we go through FY ‘11.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Matthew Brooklier with Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray: Hi, good morning, guys. Just wanted to look at kind of the sequential trends from an EBIT perspective within the Freight division, can you talk about what the op loss looked like in March, April and May? And were you guys operating a loss in May or was there profitability in Freight?
Bill Logue: Hi, Matthew. Q3 to Q4 obviously saw some good sequential improvements. The yield front, as Mike talked about, as the quarter went on we saw good improvements, and the productivity improvement was outstanding within the organization. So, we are seeing some good mixes there. I won't quote profitability by month, but just good sequential improvement Q4 over Q3. And if you look at Q4 year-over-year, the variable comp adjustment was pretty close to last year. So I think it was a good performance positioning us well for where we going to have [ph].
Matthew Brooklier - Piper Jaffray: And how are things showing thus far for Freight in June?
Bill Logue: I would say overall, starting in June, I think again we look at it from a quarter perspective. Our objective is continued sequential improvement through a quarter, and have a Q1 stronger than Q4 overall.
Alan Graf: Matthew, this is Alan. Let me just add that you saw the growth numbers and you heard me talk about the increasing in shipment count. And unlike the package business, where you are everywhere, every day, freight business is much more unique in its pickup and delivery capabilities. And so we outgrew our capabilities, and we had to incur a significant, and still are incurring a significant amount of purchase transportation. That will take us some time to work down. Once we get it back into our networks then our productivity will start to significantly reduce those costs at the same time as we are improving yield. So I can't give you the exact timing, but we have got the formula.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from David Ross with Stifel Nicolaus.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, good morning, everyone. I guess if you could talk a little bit about the Express margins, and why they're not the same as they were, I guess for FY05 to FY08. You talked about international load factors being at 10 year highs and the volumes aren't too much different. Is it mainly a yield issue or is there something else there that's not enabling you to get the Express margin back up to where you want it sooner?
Dave Bronczek: Thanks David. I'm glad you asked that question. And you are right, 18 months ago, we were right at 9.2% margins closing in on ’10, and maybe we can stop talking about it, because we will be double digits then and move on, but then the recession of course took place, and then by that 18 months in terms of rebuilding our revenue, taking our cost down, and resetting our baseline going forward to get to our 7% in the fourth quarter, obviously we are very happy with that. But there is no question in any of our minds the goal is double-digit margins as fast as we can get there, and obviously at the rate that international is growing, we have a very good prospect for double-digit margins in the very near future.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and then I guess could you also talk about the customer supply chain shifts, if you've seen anyone going back from ocean to air recently, and maybe that's one of the reasons for the strong air volumes is the ocean liners have been slow steaming. And then expectations you have I guess for the fall shipping season, maybe a little bit better air than last year for that reason?
Dave Bronczek: Well, this is Dave again, and for Express I can tell you that there is a strong demand for our FedEx Express air freight. You saw it in our numbers. Alan talked about 68% growth. That is international priority freight. So, I think you are right. I think that there is a lot more traffic shifting to air than we saw last year in the airfreight in IP. And then the rest of it moves on the ocean. Of course, we have FedEx trade networks that helps move that as well. So we're actually benefiting from more ocean traffic and more airfreight traffic in our sector. So from a freight perspective that you referenced, we are doing very well in both sectors.
Mike Glenn: And this is Mike Glenn. I want to make two points here. One as Fred mentioned, we are clearly benefiting from inventory restocking, many of the customers that we are talking to are quite frankly behind the power curve in terms of meeting demands that they have, and we are benefiting from that inventory restocking. And expect that to continue at least in the near term. Secondarily, it is important to understand that we are taking market share. We have value proposition, especially as we deploy these 777 aircrafts that is really resonating with our customers. It is allowing us to enjoy growth rates as a result of the value that we are providing in the international network. So those two factors are important to consider.
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me give you one fact here that will put what Mike and Dave said in the perspective. When the volcano erupted in Iceland and shut the European airspace down, we continued to get traffic which we had to move by road and accumulate and move to areas, where we could uplift it. But even with those efforts, we still developed a significant backlog because so many airports were shut down. In the week following the opening of European airspace, we flew some 70 some odd incremental wide-bodied flights and cleared every bit of that backlog. There is not another organization in the world that could have done that. So the scale of our international network related to the demand to move goods by air has reached a very important point. And the second thing I would say, which I think sometimes gets missed in these quarter to quarter calls, the largest economy in the world is the economy of global trade, and the fastest growing part of that economy is the movement of high-tech and high-value added items. And those things are increasingly moving by door-to-door express that is required by this fast cycle where we live in, where everybody can go on the Internet and sell and source any product to any other person on the planet that also has an Internet connection, and we sit right in the middle of that. So if you look at these numbers that Dave Bronczek was talking about, that is very encouraging. And in my mind that very large trend of the emergence of these middle classes in India and China and Brazil that are now integrated into this trading nation of global trade is something that is pretty profound, and people have an undue sense of pessimism relative to what is actually happening out there in my opinion.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Hi, good morning. Can you talk a little bit about on the Ground side as you think out over the next several years, how you think about the growth in that business? I think if we go back to the last cycle you talked about sustained double-digit volume growth there. How does that change with it being a bigger product and also, more importantly, with it being a better pricing environment domestically? How do you balance that?
Dave Rebholz: Well, this is Dave Rebholz Jon. We’re very optimistic. Right now we’re sitting with 23%, 25%, 22% market share. So the market opportunity out there is great. In fact, an economic turnaround from our base would absolutely accelerate our growth rate in a dramatic way. In other words, existing customers that have also seen downturns in their sales. When you couple that with the fact that we’ve got unique products at home with unique feature sets, and that we have SmartPost as an alternative going back to Alan’s comment about how dramatically they grew, and the way we’re changing their feature set such that we’re giving access to all products, especially SmartPost to smaller customers. We see all sorts of offsets to the economic circumstances, to the pricing environment and getting the right customer in the right network, and growing our business dramatically over the next several years. We’re very bullish on our outlook and that is the reason why we continue to invest $400 million, $500 million a year in our capacity, and I might want to add to that that one of the things that I’ve repeatedly said here is that we continue to improve the value of the product itself. Alan made mention of it. We improved 7000 lanes last year. We’ve got north of a 20% competitive advantage on speed to destination, and we are very proud of that. Those are investments that are paying off as customers realize both the quality and the timeliness of our service, and a very competitive pricing position has great value. So we’re happy as all get out right now.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn, I just want to add a comment that I think is important for you to understand. One of the key advantages that we have in our ability to not only deliver solid growth rates, but yield improvement at the same time is the ability to balance our ground and home services with SmartPost. Customers that are benefiting from e-commerce and e-tailing in general tend to be growing at higher rates. At the same time, many of those companies produce packages that result in lower yields for us. While we’re prepared to handle that traffic, we’re going to ship that traffic where appropriate into the SmartPost network and allow us to balance our growth in the respective networks, and ensure that we get an appropriate yield per package for each one of those transactions. So we really have a good portfolio of services that is ideal to take advantage of the market trends and the growth out there yet at the same time deliver yield improvements. So we feel very good about it as Dave said.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: Great. Alan, a follow-up question on the free cash flow side, you guys obviously are going through a nice investment phase here that's going to set up the company well over the longer-term. But can you talk to us a little bit about when you'd expect free cash flow to rebound closer to net income? When the current investment phases can be overcome by the business and the infrastructure that's in place?
Alan Graf: Well, hopefully not for a while. I think we’ve got a lot of runway ahead of us so to speak in International Priority and Ground, and so we’re going to continue to be very aggressive with our investments in that regard, and as we improve the margins at express, which we will and we are in a good upward slope to continue to do that. And if you just take a look at the range I gave you, you got to know we have to improve Express’ margins in FY ‘11 to hit those kind of numbers. That will also generate a significant amount of cash flow as well. So, I think we rather right now continue to reinvest in the business, because we think the opportunities are so positive for the foreseeable future, and increase the dividend or something other than the nominal dividend we have or do a stock buyback, and that’s where we are right now.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Sterling with BB&T Capital Markets.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning, and thanks for your time. You were talking about the growth in air and it looks like it's going to continue for the foreseeable future, particularly on the major trade lanes, Asia to US, Asia to Europe. Where are other opportunities to take advantage of your scale? Is it places like intra-China?
Dave Bronczek: It’s Dave Bronczek, yes it’s intra-China, it’s Mexico, it’s Latin America, it’s Canada, the NAFTA lanes really all around the world we’re seeing obviously fueled by Asia’s economic power, but all around the world we have a lot of upside, lot of opportunity, trucking across the borders. Brazil, as Fred mentioned, before Mexico, intra-Asia and China. So obviously we’re very optimistic about our network opportunity to produce a lot of volume and a lot of growth.
Mike Glenn: This is Mike Glenn, and I guess in addition to what Dave said we have broadened our portfolio of international services to include deferred services both in the parcel and the freight side, which has actually expanded the market where we are now competing and that’s not including the expansions we’ve made at FedEx trade networks. So we’re competing in a broader market today than we were just a few years ago and that provides new growth opportunities for us.
Kevin Sterling - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, Dave and Mike. Thanks for that color and one follow-up question, and this is maybe more for Alan. Talking about the higher aircraft maintenance expense, it seems a lot of these expenses are one-time in nature bringing your planes out of the desert. It is it reasonable to assume that aircraft maintenance expense will decline in fiscal year '12?
Dave Bronczek: This is Dave again. I had referenced that earlier in this call. We brought 6 aircrafts out of the desert this quarter, and more in the first and second quarter of this year, and then, of course, we added more capacity. So I would expect it to be you know, probably incrementally a little bit more in FY ‘11 than FY ‘10.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Yes, just a quick question here on network strategy. Maybe for Fred I guess. If we look at your US strategy, you started over there, added Ground years later, and it seems like you've got a similar strategy outside the US. So I'm curious how important you think it is to have a ground capability maybe in some of the larger markets overseas?
Fred Smith: Well, we have, for instance, as Dave mentioned in China a very fast-growing intra-China business, which is both air and ground. We have the same thing in Canada. We have a lot of demand from our customers around the world to broaden the product line, and so I think you will see us looking at that. Having said that the growth in our IP and international economy services that Mike Glenn just mentioned are so strong that we don’t have to do anything in the near or intermediate term, so we will look at it on an opportunistic in a market-by-market basis, but there certainly are opportunities out there and there certainly are customers that would like to see us do that.
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay thanks. Just one quick follow-up, what was the – was there any impact from currency in the fiscal fourth quarter as it related to your US export business. Did you see the currency fluctuations caused that to change significantly?
Alan Graf: No, in the fourth quarter we had a little bit of benefit overall, but it was de minimis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Chris Ceraso with Credit Suisse.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: There were a number of different references to expenses that are going up – pension, healthcare, aircraft maintenance, et cetera. Are there other actions that you're taking on the cost side outside of the various things you did in fiscal '10 to help offset some of those cost increases?
Fred Smith: Well, I am lobbying to get smoothing back on pension accounting for one, you know, obviously there are some things that are under our control and things that we can’t control, and the mark-to-market on pension for a company like FedEx, which has $13.5 billion of assets on the call for only $300 million a year penalizes us more than it does for people who have more current retirees than they do active in just the way it is and the way the discount rates work with our long tail liabilities. So that’s one – we are subject to the market and that more importantly we’re subject to our bottom model in our discount rate, which I think – this is the lowest rate I think we will ever see, and again that was a big factor and why our range maybe a little bit lower for FY ‘11 and where First Call is because we had a much bigger pension hit, than I think most people were anticipating. As far as everything else I think we’ve proven that we can manage defensively and offensively very well. I mean, we had a great FY ‘10 all things considered. We have reinstated certain of the employee benefit programs. We are having merits, we have brought back half of 401 (k) match. You heard about the pension expense, healthcare. I think everybody has got the same problem with healthcare, and we’re just going to see where that goes, and we’re going to continue to manage that aggressively, but fairly getting the right balance. So a lot of productivity things underway at every operating company. We’ll continue to hammer away at our cost structure in that regard, but we aren’t going to sacrifice our service. In fact we are investing in service. Dave is speeding up – Rebholz – a lot of lanes this month by a day. Our international reach is expanding and we will get freight back on track.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse: So no big reductions to headcount or changes to the network? You did some of that stuff in 2010. It sounds like you have to just absorb some of these increases this year.
Fred Smith: Well, you know, again you take a snapshot on June 15th, and where we are today. I don’t see anything big, but you know, I’m never going to say never particularly as we see what phasing is going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Malat with Goldman Sachs.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. The US domestic price is impressive. I know people ask that. That is obviously the point here and that is the key positive, but are we seeing some of the effects on volumes, so for both Express and Ground are you may be walking away from some business and that is what we are seeing in the numbers?
Fred Smith: I think we’ve got a pretty strong balance performance here. We’ve got industry-leading growth rates on the Ground side. We are very pleased with our performance on the Express side, but having said that as I mentioned on our last earnings call that if we had to walk away from some traffic to accomplish our yield improvement goals that we were prepared to do that, and I can’t tell you how proud I am of our sales team in terms of how they’re executing this strategy. They understand the importance of it. They’re working very hard to deliver upon our goals and they’re doing a fabulous job. So I think we’ve got to write about in the center of the fairway right now, and we’re going to continue to execute accordingly.
Scott Malat - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, and then just on China we have heard some reporting of worsening in the business climate maybe the Chinese terrorists, maybe some protectionism over the last few months. Can you talk about any of the changes in your inability to do business in China? Are you seeing anything similar that both from an import export perspective, and then just more importantly doing business in domestic China? Thanks.
Dave Bronczek: Well, this is Dave Bronczek again. Our business in domestic China obviously and our numbers is doing very well. Our intra-Asia because of China obviously is doing well and our growth rates out of China that Alan referenced from Asia is the highest we’ve seen in years. So I mean, it’s always, you know, it’s not the United States, but that being said we’ve been in China for over 20 years, and we have a great leader over there. Eddy Chan is our president in China and so no, I think for FedEx Express, we are well positioned in China. We have been doing business there for a couple of decades now. So the opportunities and the upside for us is very strong.
Alan Graf: Our IP revenue out of China increased sequentially every quarter during fiscal ’10.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Edward Wolfe with Wolfe Trahan.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan: Thanks. One thing I'm trying to get a handle on is if GDP is give or take 3% and IP 5% going forward, and maybe even a little stronger than that now, how come domestic Express continues to be growing less than 1%? What is it you're seeing? Are there cyclical and secular headwinds here? And what's in your guidance for volume growth for the US Express volumes?
Fred Smith: I’ll start and then I’ll let Mike go. The net 1% or 2% volume growth is 10% revenue growth is our yield management program is doing so well. That coupled with bundling Ground and Express is right about where we want to be if we can have 10% revenue growth quarter-after-quarter out of domestic express, we’re very pleased with that. Mike.
Mike Glenn: I remember making this presentation probably about 7 or 8 years ago when I said in front of our annual analyst meeting and told everyone that the domestic express market in a vacuum was a maturing market, and that’s the three primary reasons. One is electronic transmission of documents, two is the substantial improvements in the ground services which have been led by FedEx, and three is the globalization of the economy, and I think it’s important to look at our express network going forward as a global network. Things that were produced many years ago and moved into the US in bulk, then put into a warehouse and then picked, packed and shipped using our domestic system are now manufactured outside the US and moved directly to the point of consumption through our international network, and that’s being driven to a large extent by technological improvements and new technology products such as the iPhone 4 launch, which we will be participating in going forward. So, I think it’s important to understand those three primary factors, which we’ve been talking about for years. So this is not a surprise to us. This is one of the reasons why we’re so focused on our yield improvement strategy and at the same time we’re so critically focused on expansions in our global network, because it is a global network and that’s why you need to look at it.
Edward Wolfe - Wolfe Trahan: Thank you. As a follow-up question, can you talk a little bit about an update on the Ground contractors and the MDL after the recent summary judgment for the plaintiffs against you guys on that Illinois case? As I understand it, it's the same judge as the MDL judge. Can we get an update on where we are and what the next actions we might hear on that case are on the Ground contractor side? Thank you.
Chris Richards: Ed, this is Chris Richards. Judge Miller entered a number of rulings during this quarter. He denied plaintiffs’ request to have reconsideration of the denial of class certification and those cases where class certification has been denied on in an earlier ruling. And as you know, in Illinois, in the Illinois case at the end of May he granted summary judgment in this case, which pertains to three main plaintiffs on employment classification for purposes of their claim for improper wage deductions under the Illinois Wage Payment and Collection Act. The court ruled only on employment classification, not liability under the act and reserve ruling on the five other asserted claims. The Illinois Wage Payment Act has maybe three tests for determining employment classification and the judge ruled only on the “B" prong, which is the test as to whether the workers performed either outside the employers usual course of business or outside the employer’s places of business. This ruling pertains only to this one state statute in this one state, and this is not a case class had been certified. So it is brought on behalf of the three named plaintiffs. What I expect to see over the next few months is a series of rulings by Judge Miller on the pending motions in these various MDL cases. The current motions all pertain to the classification issue. That round of motions will be followed by the other positive motions in a variety of other kinds of defenses that will also have to follow on. We are very confident in our position in these cases. We expect to move forward with our model and our defense of these actions. I’m pleased that within a week of Judge Miller’s decision in Illinois, we were able to move forward with an agreement in an unemployment tax and workmen’s comp audit in Tennessee, where the State of Tennessee acknowledged that for purposes of their ABC test in Tennessee, the ISP [ph] model as we were able to present, it will meet the requirements of the test in that state. So, I think what you’re going to see going forward is a series of rulings. They will require some explanation, which we’ll be happy to provide and we’ll just be going forward with this process over the next year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Jeff Kauffman with Sterne Agee.
Jeff Kauffman - Sterne Agee: Thank you very much. Congratulations, very solid quarter. If – just one clarification and then a question on trucking, if I look at the total corporate D&A it was down about $8 million, but Express D&A was up about $19 million, which means there was $27 million lower D&A in the other divisions. I know Freight was down $10 million, Ground down $8 million and then this $9 million of other I can't seem to figure out. Why on higher volumes is depreciation expense down so much on the Ground units?
Alan Graf: Now remember, we took a lot of assets out of service, and so that stopped the depreciation on them, and we wrote them off in last year’s fourth quarter, and we haven’t been as capital-intensive as we had been in the past over the last couple of years and that slowed it down too, but you know, at the end of day I don’t really look at that number very much Jeff. I don’t think really it is a driver. What I’m trying to look at is what kind of returns we are going to get on these 777s in the long run and let the depreciation, you know, be what it is, and make sure we got the proper cash flows to cover it.
Jeff Kauffman - Sterne Agee: Okay. Thank you. The Freight division – I guess my question from 10,000 feet is at what point did you look at it and say, maybe we went a little too far on the volume side, and now we've got to change things? Kind of what has led to the different thinking on the trucking side?
Mike Glenn: Yes, this is Mike Glenn. We took a hard look at the situation pre-peak. In hindsight, it would have been more prudent to pull the throttle back a bit at that time. To be honest, we did not have the clear visibility in the pipeline that we do on the parcel side of the business in the Freight sector, and we allowed the sales effort to continue through peak season, and then quite frankly we were hit with extremely high volume growth rates, which we did not anticipate post peak season. So, you know, obviously being an armchair quarterback, we would have pulled the throttle back a bit pre-peak. We did not do that, and as a result we have higher traffic levels in our network, and having said that when executing yield improvement program, I much rather have the traffic levels in our network, which provides more flexibility to be more aggressive on rates than if you were dealing in the reverse situation where we were looking for traffic growth while trying to execute the yield improvement program. So, you know, it’s easy to be an armchair quarterback. I think what we’ve learned is that we’ve got to do a better job in terms of having visibility into the pipeline, and we are addressing that and working very hard on that, working very closely from a sales perspective with our operating team and team members at Freight, and I’m confident we’re going to execute and deliver upon these yield improvement plans.
Dave Bronczek: I think it also shows the value of the bundle and the customer what they view as Freight offering in the marketplace. You know, I think these volumes come on because of the expectations of what we can deliver for them and again we – the sales force has done a great job from a bundled perspective and between the Express, the Ground, and the Freight sales, it really positioned us well for the future as Mike said as we work our yield strategy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Campbell with Thompson, Davis & Co.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co.: Good morning. I hear a lot of optimism about the Express unit and profitability going forward, but I don't see it in the $4 to $5 estimates for the fiscal 2011 year. And I understand there are cost headwinds and maintenance and pension expense, but it doesn't look like you're going to get any significant growth in margins based on your estimate for the fiscal '11 year. Is that correct?
Dave Bronczek: Yes, this is Dave Bronczek, yes, we actually are going to see improvements in our margins in FY ‘11. Obviously, if we didn’t have some of those headwinds, they’d be very significant. I think Alan correctly pointed out FY ‘12 once we get past few of these headwinds, will be very impressive.
Alan Graf: David, what’s wrong with 20 % to 35% improvement in EPS year-over-year?
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co.: Nothing, I’m just saying. I don’t see it in the Express margins. I mean, you know, that’s – I’m just looking at the numbers and it doesn’t look like it’s going to be in Express margins, but that’s fine as long as I understand the situation.
Fred Smith: Dave if you look at it, obviously the number is different than we are. I don’t know how you get those kinds of forecasts in the improvements in EPS without improved margins in Express. So with all due respect, we don’t agree with what you just said.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co.: Well, that’s fine, thanks. I just see Express profits going up. I don’t see the margins going up.
Fred Smith: And the margins will improve as well.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Co.: Thank you. And the second question relates to purchase transportation cost. That is – assumes – was there any cost impact there from the volcano, having to purchase transportation to move freight around. Or is that just a reflection of the excellent growth in your Freight forwarding business?
Alan Graf: Yes, it’s the latter. It’s – the purchase transportation has gone up with the tremendous amount of volume improvement in international Freight and IP.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for questions. I’d like to turn the conference back to Mr. Foster for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation fourth-quarter earnings release conference call, and please feel free to call anyone on the investor relations team if you have additional questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-03-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster – VP, IR Fred Smith – Chairman, President and CEO Alan Graf – EVP & CFO Mike Glenn – President and CEO of FedEx Services Dave Bronczek – President and CEO of FedEx Express Bill Logue – President and CEO of FedEx Freight Dave Rebholz – President and CEO of FedEx Ground Chris Richards – EVP, General Counsel and Secretary
Analysts: Tom Wadewitz – JPMorgan Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners Gary Chase – Barclays Capital Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Trahan & Co. Ken Hoexter – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Rob Salmon – Deutsche Bank Ben Hartford – Robert W. Baird & Co. William Greene – Morgan Stanley Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning and welcome to the conference call. We are planning an Investor Meeting during September in Memphis, so please save Tuesday and Wednesday, September 28 and 29, 2010 on your calendar. We will have more details about the meeting for you in the next few months. The earnings release and the 25-page stat book are on our Web site at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our Web site and the replay and Podcast download will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our Q&A session, callers will be limited to one question and a follow-up so we can accommodate those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of our Web site at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO who is on the telephone; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Mike Glenn, President, CEO of FedEx Services; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Bill Logue, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter, followed by Alan Graf. After Alan, we will have questions and answers.
Fred Smith: Thank you very much, Mickey. Good morning everyone and welcome to today’s conference call to discuss third quarter earnings and our outlook for the remainder of fiscal-year 2010. Outstanding execution of our business strategy and an improving global economy drove solid financial performance in the quarter. I am very confident of our team’s continuing ability to skillfully manage our networks and take advantage of the economic recovery that is well underway. In fact, the recovery is broadening. Trade in international shipping are more positive. At FedEx, our unmatched bundle of transportation solutions along with outstanding customer service and reliability resulted in higher volumes across all our transportation segments in quarter three. Our overall strategy to compete collectively, operate independently and manage collaboratively has proven to be a powerful approach to the marketplace, providing the right service at the right price for our millions of customers. FedEx International Priority package and freight volume increased substantially in the third quarter with volume growth in most international markets. At FedEx Ground, revenues increased due to volume growth at both FedEx Ground and FedEx SmartPost and yield growth at FedEx Ground. A competitive pricing environment, however, challenged FedEx Freight during the quarter and it reported a significant loss. Having said that, we are confident that Freight’s performance will improve as the economy strengthens. FedEx Freight provides an important contribution to the FedEx bundle of transportation solutions; and I am sure that Bill Logue and Mike Glenn will have more to say about this later in the call. In the United States, we see solid GDP growth in the near term led by gains in inventory restocking and manufacturing. Profits in business investment are strengthening and should help sustained growth. Even as the economy improves, however, housing could remain a problem. Credit conditions are improving, but bank credit still is not flowing freely. Though consumers remain cautious, US retail sales are improving. Increased consumer spending that began in late 2009 continues into this New Year. Looking at 2010, we see a relatively strong first half followed by steady economic growth. Our economist, Gene Huang predicts that in FY ’11, US industrial production, which is a primary driver of FedEx volume growth, will rise in the mid-single digit range in contrast to declines in each of our past two fiscal years. In our view, the improving economy will result in a better pricing environment, consistent with our strategy to improve yields across all our transport segments. Now FedEx will continue to balance controlling costs with high-return investments such as the fuel efficient Boeing 777 freighter, a positive gain changer for our customers that offers them a unique advantage in international shipping. In January, we began flying the 777 from Shanghai to our world hub in Memphis. Already we are seeing market share gains. The service offered by the 777 is unmatched in the industry offering a best in class through our improvement in cutoff times in China, increased payload and greater fuel and operational efficiencies. Due to additional investments in 777 aircraft, our capital expenditures are expected to be about $2.9 billion in the fiscal year that ends May 31, fiscal-year 2010. These capital expenditures, we believe, are necessary to achieve significant long-term savings and support projected international growth. In addition, we will continue to enhance and broaden service offerings to better meet our customers rising expectations. This month FedEx Trade Networks, our growing international freight forwarding operation, opened six new offices in its Europe, Middle East and Africa region and in Latin America. Trade Networks has opened 20 international freight forwarding locations in the past nine months. FTN also this month broadened its portfolio by directly offering full and less-than-container-load ocean services at many of our offices in Asia. Recently, we expanded our FedEx Express international economy services by an additional 50 destinations bringing the total to more than 130 countries and territories served with this compelling value offering. FedEx Express delivered a unique innovative solution for our long-term customer ProFlowers to deliver Valentine's Day gifts to some locations around the country on Sunday, February 14. The collaboration was unique because it marked the first time that FedEx Express work with a customer for scheduled Sunday deliveries. Finally, I would like to express our appreciation to all the FedEx team members for their work to help the residents of Haiti and Chile recover from recent devastating earthquakes. In this regard, FedEx has provided more than $1.8 million in cash and support for Haitian relief. This includes 13 charter flights for global relief agencies, and within one day of the earthquake FedEx committed $425,000 in cash to support Haitian relief. Within seven days, FedEx transported more than 0.5 million pounds of relief supplies, and within the first month we had transported more than 1 million pounds of relief materials and medicines. FedEx continues to work with relief agencies, such as Heart to Heart and Direct Relief International regarding shipments of relief supplies into Chile as well. We are very proud that in January, FedEx was again named to Fortune Magazine’s list of The 100 Best Companies to Work for in the United States. Fortune cited our ability to manage through the economic downturn by taking proactive steps to minimize layoffs and to reinstate salary increases and 401(k) matches, which were effective January 1. And earlier this month, Fortune recognized FedEx as one of the most admired companies in the world in its annual rankings. We are particularly appreciative of the tens of thousands of FedEx team members around the world who have delivered this outstanding performance coming out of this economic downturn. Now I would like to turn the mike over to our Chief Financial Officer, Alan Graf. Alan?
Alan Graf: Well, thank you, Fred, and good morning everybody. Our greatly improved results for the third quarter of 2010 of $0.76 per share versus $0.31 a year ago, reflect the benefits of improving global economic conditions as major economies are emerging from recession. Our revenue growth was driven by higher volumes across all of our transportation segments, particularly continued growth in FedEx International Priority package and International Priority freight shipment at FedEx Express and increased volumes at FedEx Ground with significant yield improvement. We experienced stronger volumes across our networks and the continued benefit of numerous cost containment activities implemented in 2009. Our earnings growth in the third quarter was mitigated by a significant negative comparison to 2009 from the impact of volatility and fuel prices and fuel surcharges and operating losses at our FedEx Freight segment, as well as increased costs from the partial reinstatement of several of our employee compensation programs. Looking at our segments and starting with Express; the Express segment operating profit was up $220 million and margin was up 4 percentage points. Express segment revenues increased 8% in third quarter due to increased International Priority package volume which was up 18%, most notably from Asia. IP freight volume was up 62% and International Domestic volume increased 13% led by China, the UK and Canada. US domestic package volume increased 1%, as a result of continued improvement in economic conditions. Both US domestic and International Priority yields were essentially flat versus last year. Increased weight per package in US domestic was offset by lower fuel surcharges. International Priority yields were favorably impacted by higher weights and favorable exchange rates, again offset by lower fuel surcharges and lower rate per pound. Fuel costs increased 26% during the third quarter due to an increase in the average price per gallon of fuel. Again I’ll remind you that the timing is such that fuel surcharges actually decreased although expense went up. Fuel costs decreased 33% in the nine months, which is important to point out, as the impact on the year has been significant. Based on a static analysis of the net impact of year-over-year changes in fuel prices compared to year-over-year changes in fuel surcharges, we did had, again, a significant negative impact to operating income in both the third quarter and the nine months. This analysis considers the estimated impact of the reduction in fuel surcharges included in the base rates charged for FedEx services. Purchased transportation costs increased 21% due to IP package volume growth, which requires a higher utilization of contract pickup and delivery services. Maintenance and repairs decreased 18% in the third quarter primarily due to the timing of maintenance events. Lower aircraft utilization as a result of the weaker economic conditions lengthened maintenance cycles; however, we do expect maintenance costs in future periods to become more highly utilized and probably increase. Depreciation expense increased 5% in the third quarter primarily due to the addition of 20 new aircraft into service since the third quarter of 2009. Turning to Ground, segment revenues increased 7% during the third quarter due to volume growth at both FedEx Ground and FedEx SmartPost. Average daily volume at Ground increased 5% during the third quarter, particularly due to continued growth in our commercial business and our FedEx Home Delivery service. The 2% yield improvement was primarily due to a higher average weight per package. SmartPost volumes grew 46% during the quarter. Yields at SmartPost did decrease 5% due to changes in customer and service mix. Certain customers elected to utilize lower-yielding service offerings that did not require standard pickup and line-haul services. The Ground operating income grew 32% to $258 million and margin increased to an impressive 13.5%, again due to higher package volume, as well as lower self-insurance expenses and improved performance, the operating level at SmartPost. Turning to Freight, segment revenues increased 14% during the quarter as a result of higher average daily LTL shipments, which was offset by lower yield. The LTL market remains highly competitive due to excess capacity. Discounted pricing drove the increase in average daily shipments of 26%, but also resulted in yield declines of 8% versus last year. A weak pricing environment was the major contributor for the loss of $107 million in the quarter. Purchased transportation costs increased 84% during the quarter due to increased utilization of third-party transportation providers as a result of the quickly accelerating higher shipment volumes. You should note that on February 1, we implemented a 5.9% general rate increase for FedEx Freight and FedEx National LTL shipments, and we are aggressively pursuing opportunities to increase yields. And you will hear more from that from Mike Glenn and Bill Logue. We are going to talk a moment about services so that you will understand a little bit better about the freight and services income statements. In August of 2009, approximately 3,600 employees predominately from the freight segment were transferred to entities within the FedEx Services segment. This internal reorganization further centralizes most customer support functions, including sales, customer service and information technology into our shared services organizations. While the reorganization had no impact on the net operating results of any of our segments, the net inter-company charges to our FedEx Freight segment increased significantly with corresponding decreases to other expense captions such as salaries and employee benefits. The impact of this internal reorganization to the expense captions in our other segments was immaterial. FedEx Services segment revenues, which reflect predominately the operations of FedEx Office, decreased 11% during the third quarter of 2010 due to revenue declines at Office and the realignment of FedEx SupplyChain Systems into the FedEx Express segment, which was effective September 1, 2009. Although revenue at Office declined during the third quarter due to lower demand for copy services, the allocated net operating costs of FedEx Office decreased, as we continue to see benefits from initiatives that we’ve been implementing since 2009 to reduce that company’s cost structure and improve its revenue performance; my hats off to the team who has done a great job of improving the service and performance at Office. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we are expecting earnings per share of $1.17 to $1.37, which reflects the current market outlook for fuel prices and a continued modest recovery in the global economy. With global economic conditions continuing to improve, we expect stronger demand for our services in the fourth quarter of 2010 and continued growth in revenue and earnings. We believe the improving economy will result in a more stable pricing environment, consistent with our strategy to improve yields across all of our transportation segments. We continue to closely manage our cost structure; however, continued improvement in demand for our services will produce volume-related increases in our operating costs in future periods, particularly maintenance expense. In addition, in connection with our improving results, we are reinstating several employee compensation programs, including variable incentive compensation, merit salary increases and 401(k) company-matching contributions. Starting January 1, 2010, merit salary increases resumed for eligible employees and we reinstated company-matching contributions to 401(k) accounts at 50% of previous levels for most employees. Our results also include the impact of accruals for our variable incentive compensation programs in the third quarter, which we did not have in the prior year. The impact of reinstating these programs will dampen our earnings growth both in the fourth quarter and into fiscal 2011, although we do expect our earnings growth to be substantial. As Fred mentioned, our capital expenditures are expected to be about $2.9 billion in 2010. This is an increase from our previous estimate due to additional investments in Boeing 777 aircraft. We also continue to invest in productivity-enhancing technologies. Beginning in April, Express will add a nine scheduled trans-pacific frequency providing much needed capacity from Asia to the US. This offers best-in-market service and later cutoff times by up to two hours. Adding this schedule flight ensures that lift is available and our sales force can capitalize on growth opportunities in the rapidly growing Asian market. Also on April, we are adding a third schedule Asia to Europe frequency. This is the fastest growing intercontinental lane that we have and this flight will provide more capacity, improved service while growing that lane and providing unmatched value proposition from Asia to Europe while allowing us to offer the first in market next day service from Hong Kong to all of Europe. Lastly, I want to thank all the team members around the world for their outstanding performance in hanging with us during very difficult times. I want to point out one in particular; Mr. Jim Hudson who is retiring at the end of this month after 36 years with FedEx. Jim has spent his career in finance, now is the Corporate VP of Strategic Financial Planning and Analysis. Jim’s accomplishments along the way have been nothing short of spectacular and he has been a major contributor to our strategy and success. Affectionately known as Mr. Business Plan, he has been my partner for over 18 years and I will greatly miss his leadership, advice and counsel as where we are. With that, we are now happy to answer any questions you may have. Again, in April, Express led a nine schedule Trans-Pacific frequency providing much needed capacity from Asia to the US. This offers best in market service and later cutoff times by up to two hours. Adding this schedule flight ensures that lift is available and our sales force can capitalize on growth opportunities in the rapidly growing Asian market. Also on April, we are adding a third schedule Asia to Europe frequency. This is the fastest growing intercontinental lane that we have and this flight will provide more capacity, improved service while growing that lane and providing unmatched value proposition from Asia to Europe while allowing us to offer the first in market next day service from Hong Kong to all of Europe. Lastly, I want to thank all the team members around the world for their outstanding performance in hanging with us during very difficult times. I want to point out one in particular; Mr. Jim Hudson who is retiring at the end of this month after 36 years with FedEx. Jim has spent his career in finance, now is the Corporate VP of Strategic Financial Planning and Analysis. Jim’s accomplishments along the way have been nothing short of spectacular and he has been a major contributor to our strategy and success. Affectionately known as Mr. Business Plan, he has been my partner for over 18 years and I will greatly miss his leadership, advice and counsel as where we are. With that, we are now happy to answer any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) And our first question comes from Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Wadewitz – JPMorgan: Yes, good morning. I wanted to ask you on pricing, you had some constructive comments, I think both Fred and Alan had constructive comments on pricing, but I was wondering if you could give us some specific actions within Ground and Express that you are taking that you think might drive a more constructive, I guess, result on pricing versus what you saw last year; and if you have any kind of early data points in terms of the market and response from customers to your actions on pricing?
Mike Glenn: Tom, this is Mike Glenn, and as Alan and Fred stated as the economy continues to improve it provides a great opportunity to ensure that our pricing strategy reflects the value of services that we provide. And there are several tactics that we are deploying at this point. They include, one, ensuring higher retention rate of the annual GR [ph]; two, ensuring acceptable rate increases for contract renewals; three, we have revised the pricing guidelines for new business to ensure appropriate yields coming in given the economic improvement we have seen; four, we are ensuring that all of our customers are meeting their volume commitments in order to retain their current rates, if not, we will re-engage in negotiations to ensure that the pricing reflects the current business that we are receiving; five, we are leveraging our total portfolio of services to ensure that we have the right traffic in the right network. For example, in some cases we’ve dealt with some of our home customers who have moved some of the lighter weight traffic to our SmartPost network which provides tremendous value for our customers and obviously enhances our yields and profitability. We have stated very clearly to our sales team that we are willing to walk away from specific accounts absent reasonable rate increases. So, we are taking a much firmer stance in this regard and then we are also providing incentives to our sales team to ensure that we increase yields for accounts that are not producing acceptable margins. And these tactics apply not only to the parcel segment but to the LTL segment as well; and I am very, very pleased with how our sales team has responded to the new pricing guidelines and how they are executing. We do believe the pricing environment is firming, customers have been – I guess have been accepting these new guidelines without significant pushback. Clearly, (inaudible) always going to be negotiations but with the pricing environment and the economic environment improving we’ve had success so far and we expect to continue to have success executing this strategy. So, I am quite confident in our ability to execute this new pricing strategy, and I think you will see the results in quarters ahead.
Tom Wadewitz – JPMorgan: Okay. Great, that's helpful. And then the second question would be on expenses. Alan, you called out maintenance expense as something rising in fourth quarter, and then also mentioned the year-over-year increase in variable compensation. Is there any way you can kind of give us a ballpark for considering the magnitude of change in expense in those two segments as we look to fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis? Thank you.
Alan Graf: Tom, I will let Dave talk about maintenance expense and particularly at Express. As to our employee compensation programs it is one giant category, salaries, and wages and benefits. And we have been very strict on headcount. We only are allowing replacements with specific approval from the strategic management team [ph] for additions, even though we are growing. I think we have done a very good job with our overhead but at the same time while our shock absorber worked very well on the way down, as we took pay cuts and froze merits and eliminated the 401(k) match and eliminated bonuses on the way back up we need to start to reinstate those. Our folks have earned them and deserve them and so we have to add some of that going forward. So, I think that is number one. Number two, as you all know, Tom, the pension accounting rules, which as I have stated many times I think are ridiculous when we have mark-to-market but we still have to do it. On May 31, we will have to see what interest rates are then and they look like they are going to be lower than they were last May 31 and just 1-basis point in interest rates has about a $2 million impact on our pension expense. So, as I am looking into FY ’11 right now I see lower interest rates and probably higher pension expense than otherwise we would have had in FY ‘11. Over time, as interest rates go up that will mitigate significantly but it will be a headwind going into ’11.
Dave Bronczek: Yes Tom, this is Dave Bronczek. On the aircraft maintenance or the maintenance issues that Alan had referenced, we did a very good job last year in the economic downturn on matching lift to load, and of course as everybody has mentioned so far our volumes are increasing and the demand is increasing. So, as that continues to happen in Q4 coming up here for example, we will bring some of our aircraft that we put in the desert, will bring them out and we will do the aircraft maintenance in advance of that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Donald Broughton with Avondale. Please go ahead.
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners: Good morning, gentlemen. I was looking at Freight specifically. Do we have – I know you've starting to really focus on yield and trying to improve the pricing in what has been a very ugly pricing market. Do we have a target at which we could look forward to? Are you expecting Freight to return to profitability? Is it going to be a fourth quarter fiscal event or is it more a first, second quarter of next fiscal year event?
Bill Logue: Hi Don, this is Bill Logue. Obviously, our number one focus as we talked about is on yield and obviously that’s going to drive our return to profitability. We have a tremendous focus on operational expenses. We are working internally with our staffing to make sure that we have the appropriate resources in the right lanes. Again, as you saw on the earnings, our purchased transportation is up and so forth. We are going to work internally to get our staffing correct to move volume between the two networks and again, that will help us. So the yield combined with our operational efficiency activities will help us move toward that direction and that is our objective as it is stated very clearly to the organization.
Mike Glenn: Donald, this is Mike Glenn. I want to add a couple of points to what Bill said. In addition to the tactics that I mentioned on the pricing side for parcel and freight, there are a couple of different things that are going on on the freight side. One is, given our traffic levels in the freight network we have the opportunity to be a bit more aggressive in terms of taking these rate increases because of the significant increase in traffic that we’ve had. So that gives us a little more flexibility on the pricing side. And secondarily, we are really focusing on those specific accounts that are driving higher costs in our network. That’s a bit different than what you typically see in the parcel side of the house but a particular customer can be – drive a lot of cost in the freight network and we are really focusing with the freight operations team to make sure we are addressing those specific issues that can have a near-term impact on the bottom line; so, just a couple of more tactics on the freight side that we are deploying to improve the pricing environment.
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners: If I am doing my math right, you guys are now the largest LTL out there in the US marketplace. So the question is when does it become profitable?
Bill Logue: Donald, we are working aggressively towards that objective, obviously as we go through Q4. Again, Q4 is seasonally our strongest quarter. Obviously, Q3 is seasonally our weakest quarter in the industry. So, Q4 we line up, we have the price activities going on and our objective is to use Q4 as a strong return to our strong performance levels and our number one objective is to return FedEx Freight to a key contributive profitability to the FedEx Corporation. And as I stated clearly to the organization, profit, market share leader and a premier provider of service to our customers are the three objectives we are looking for. So, we have – profitability is in our scope and that is our number one objective going forward here. So we will work internally with Mike’s team working on the yield side of the business, but again on the operating performance side of it we’ll also. When you spike up 26% growth on a year-over-year basis and we saw a great growth between Q2 and Q3 fiscal year, obviously, it takes you a bit of time to react to that spike in growth. The team is working fantastically towards that mission. We are seeing really good performance on our productivity initiatives, in our key metrics, a startling to return to a nice favorable trend line, and again that will see great results for us going forward.
Alan Graf: Donald, this is Alan. Mike gave you some specific forecast of when we are going to return to profitability but I will say that the worst is behind us. We are going to see significant improvements going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Gary Chase with Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital: Good morning, everybody. I wanted to see if I could follow up with Mike Glenn on the pricing question. You referenced those five initiatives that you are working towards. I wondered if you could give us a sense of how far you think you are through that and what a reasonable timeframe is to think you could thoroughly pursue those opportunities. It looks like the price improvement this quarter was not a function of weight per package. So it looks like you're starting to get some core yield traction. Just wondering how much further you have to go there?
Mike Glenn: Well, I think it is important to understand this not a short-term tactical exercise. This is a long-term strategy. Obviously, we have had to react to very difficult market conditions with the economy which typically results in trade down of volume, lighter weight shipments and things of that nature and clearly excess capacity in the LTL market. But as the economy improves that allows us to move back towards longer-term strategic objectives in the pricing arena more in line with what I talked about with reasonable yield improvement on a year-over-year basis. So, I want to be real clear this is a long-term strategic direction for us. This is not a set of short-term tactical exercises.
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital: Okay, and then within Ground, you referenced specifically that weight per package had improved. I am wondering if that is a market dynamic or if that is just a transition you are describing, moving some of your lower-weight product into a more cost-effective channel in SmartPost?
Dave Rebholz: Gary, this is Dave Rebholz. It’s a combination of all the above. We have moved the right volume into the right networks but that has not been a dramatic implication to us. We’ve seen an all-up average weight increase as our volume has shifted more towards the commercial side during this restocking timeframe. All up, I think we have got to balance correctly, and as Mike has said on both of his comments, we have got a long-term strategy here to get this balance correctly.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Helane Becker with Jesup & Lamont. Please go ahead.
Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Thank you very much, operator. Alan, I saw in – the United Airlines yesterday offered a promotion to their travelers that they will ship golf clubs, skis, whatever, via FedEx for $25 per bag. So could you just talk about that type of promotion? Do they pay you the regular rate and they are just discounting to their customers? Do they pay you a discounted rate? And are you going to do more promotions like that?
Alan Graf: Good morning, Helane. Well, Amazon uses FedEx a lot and offers free shipping. I promise you we don’t give it to them for free. I’ll let Mike handle that.
Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Thanks.
Mike Glenn: Helane, FedEx is for many years been in the business of transporting baggage, transporting skis, golf clubs. As a matter of fact, we have a number of different agreements with airlines to do so and also agreements with various associations which offer their members’ benefits similar to what you are referencing – to transport skis for example when they go on ski trips. So this is not an unusual thing. Obviously, as the airlines tighten the restrictions on baggage it provides us additional opportunities which we are certainly planning to take advantage of, but this is not a new program
Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Okay, but you are still making money on this?
Mike Glenn: Yes, ma’am.
Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Okay. And then just as a follow-up on the international side, are you – given how much demand has come – or rather demand has gone up and supply has come down, are you able to get any pricing increases in place?
Mike Glenn: We have seen improvements in the market and obviously that again relates to the economy and the type of goods that are being shipped. Our business is very closely tied to industrial production and we have seen exports improve out of Asia in particular. Those tend to be hard goods which have a heavier weight per package and higher yielding. So, we are seeing some improvement there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Edward Wolfe, Wolfe Trahan. Please go ahead.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Thanks. Good morning. Just wanted to get a little more detail; Mike, you noted about the incentive change to your sales to increase yields in Express and LTL, how quick until we see some tangible signs of yields improvement and can you talk to us a little bit more about what that means because UPS is saying some of the same things and I haven't heard this for a while.
Mike Glenn: Well, I think this does take time to see the kind of results that we are looking for which is why I referenced that it is a long-term strategy but the biggest opportunities, as I mentioned are when you reset the guidelines for new volume opportunities going forward. Obviously, we are being much more aggressive in terms of getting the contract rate increases that are stated in the contract, which in a difficult economy, obviously, you will lose some of that negotiating power. But clearly, the biggest opportunity going forward is with some of our larger customers when we are renewing contracts and when we are looking at surcharge adjustments and things of that nature. So, I will tell you that we are already starting to see some positive impacts, particularly in the freight sector and you will see the same thing in the parcel sector going forward. But, it is not a situation where it is going to be a 180 degree turn. I mean this is a long-term strategy in a measured approach. As I mentioned, we are prepared to put some traffic at risk to execute this strategy because we believe that is in the best interest of the company but it will be a few quarters before you kind of see the continuous improvement that we are looking for.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Trahan & Co.: And can you give more details on how you are incentivizing sales? What has changed and how that works and what that means?
Mike Glenn: Well, we are looking at a number of different opportunities for the long haul, Ed. I think the biggest opportunity we have in the short term is about focusing on specific accounts. Now, how are we incenting our sales people to deal with specific accounts? In the past, you tend to look more at volume and revenue growth. There are plenty of opportunities for us to change that and look at profit improvement as a way to incent our sales team on specific accounts. So that is the biggest leverage opportunity. It is very easy to continue to incent the sales people through volume and revenue growth with new pricing guidelines for smaller accounts, mid-size accounts. But for the very largest accounts, we have the opportunity to change the incentives and actually focus them more on profit improvement as opposed to volume and revenue growth. Obviously, if I have the choice of improving volume by 10% on a particular account at the risk of – and seeing profits improve only 2% versus improving bottom line by 5% and 2% growth I am going to take the latter. So, it is just a matter of how you choose to incent the sales people on specific accounts, which is the biggest short-term lever.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Hoexter with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Ken Hoexter – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Great, good morning. On the – Fred, you mentioned the retail sales are increasing inventory restocking a bit. Can you talk a bit about the transition? Are we starting to see a migration more from the Express to the Ground product?
Fred Smith: Well, I will ask Mike Glenn to talk about this in greater detail but I think in the main, the migration from Express to Ground has already taken place. What drive the Express volumes is generally the nature of the shipment and the consequences of the item not being there within a time-certain delivery window that has been selected by the customer. With the outstanding job we have done in services in having a sales force that can give the customer the advantage of the bundle of transportation solutions that we offer from SmartPost to FedEx Ground to First Overnight or Express Freight versus LTL, we are able to put the customer in the right network and there may be some more on the margin but I think in the main a great deal that’s already taken place and it has already been absorbed in the existing businesses. Mike, do you want to comment on that? Dave Rebholz, Dave Bronczek?
Mike Glenn: Well, if you go back over the last 10 years, as I have said before, there are really three things that have affected the domestic Express business. One is the electronic transmission of documents that used to move in a physical form. Two is obviously the tremendous service improvements that we have seen at FedEx Ground with day-certain delivery, money back guarantees, so on and so forth. And three is the globalization of the economy. Very specifically, items that used to be moved into the US in bulk, put in the warehouse and then moved through the domestic system are now moved on a point-to-point basis from point of manufacturer outside the US to point of consumption inside the US. So, it is the combination of those three things that have affected the overall growth rates of the US market. Now clearly the second issue which is the Ground improvements have some impact but I agree with Fred that we’ve seen, I would say, the bulk of that going forward but I think it is important to understand and we harp on this all the time why this is so critical to look at the Express company as a global company for that third reason and that is the globalization of the economy and how our customers are moving items from point of manufacture to point of consumption.
Dave Bronczek: Let me just jump in. This is Dave Bronczek. To Mike’s point and Fred’s point, that’s exactly right. We are a global powerhouse now at FedEx Express and as you look at our all up revenues, for example, this past quarter they were up 8% across the enterprise and our Express is only up 1% if you take out the fuel impact, fuel added another 2%. So, it is our all up global powerhouse that we look at when we look at our revenues across the system. The United States domestic is filled up now with a lot of international priority coming in from all around the world, very important point.
Dave Rebholz: And this is Dave Rebholz as well. We are extremely proud of all of the improvements we have made in service to our customers. In fact, we did another 3,677 lanes in February which brings us just this fiscal year alone 7,000 lanes where we have put ourselves in a competitive position of advantage. If you look at it more than 77,000 or 64% of all lanes have been accelerated over the last seven years. Having said that to Fred’s point about time definite and having worked in both organizations, effective service in a time-definite marketplace is different than day definite. We see most of our closes coming from the competition, not coming from FedEx Express. And so that is the net of it, and I am in agreement with previous comments.
Ken Hoexter – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the depth of the answer. Just a follow-up then, just talking about the expenses there; when you look at coming out of the downturn here and all the cost cuts you have put in place, when you look to that long-term target of that 10% operating margin, is there anything that gives you more confidence in either getting to that point or maybe even surpassing some of those targets, due to the costs you have put in place and now the addition of things like the 777 and other more fuel-efficient domestic aircraft that you are putting in place? Can you talk a bit about that?
Alan Graf: Well, I will start and I am sure it’s only 10% in Express, just to remind you that Ground is already at 13.5% and doing a great job. We have been through the cost thing and we have restructured all of our companies but Express in particular. I thought we are doing an excellent job with that. Right now, we are highly focused on yields. I can’t make that point enough. I thought Mike did an outstanding job of telling you exactly where we are and let me just add to that that when you talk about changing the incentive of our sales force that’s difficult for a lot of companies to do to make that work but not for our sales force. They are going to execute and deliver. I have total confidence in that so I think you need to look at our earnings growth more from the revenue side than the cost side because I think we are pretty well structured. Having said that, we are very aggressive. Don’t misunderstand the fact that we are very aggressive. I mean we have increased our CapEx significantly to add additional 777s. We think we’ve got, obviously, by far the best service with the latest pickups and we are going to push that advantage and we are going to be aggressive about it. That comes with some additional depreciation and some additional maintenance expense as we take airplanes that are mothballed and putting back into service because we have the volume there and we think we have – we know we have the yields and the profitability to make it work. So, if you look at Express getting – improving up to 10% and beyond quite frankly because (inaudible) on before Express’s international revenues outpace its domestic we are very excited about those prospects and if you just look at this quarter I mean it was up 4 percentage points on margin, we get a lot of momentum. Dave?
Dave Bronczek: Yes, let me just add to that. It wasn’t – but just right in front of the economic downturn that Express was at 9.3% and marching very quickly to a double-digit profit. So, it is clearly not a magical number that we can’t get to. We will reach that target. It is the yield improvement, it is our cost structure, it is international around the world – international revenues and yields are significantly higher. So, just two years ago right before the economic downturn we were rapidly closing in on that double-digit margin of 10% and going beyond so it is clearly within our grasp and now that the economy is turning back around and all the things we have going for us as Alan has mentioned that’s our goal, that’s our target and we are confident that we will get there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Yagerman with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Salmon – Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning, guys. This is Rob Salmon on for Justin. I was hoping to dig a little more into some of the former DHL US domestic small package business. How much of this business has been repriced in calendar year 2010? What sort of pricing increases have you been able to garner to date on that business and what are your expectations going forward?
Mike Glenn: Rob, this is Mike Glenn. A lot of that business was brought on really in the last – towards the end of last year so we are just coming up on renewals on some of the contracts and as they come up obviously we are taking adjustments accordingly. So, we have to absent somebody not meeting their volume commitments. What we are doing is pacing these things as the contracts come up for annual rate increases or contract renewals. So, I want to be very clear about that. We are not in the situation where we are breaking contracts or anything like that. And secondarily, we did take on this business at a premium to what DHL had it. So, we will deal with those as they come up for renewal or annual rate increases but we have to pace it along those lines.
Rob Salmon – Deutsche Bank: No, Mike, that is definitely fair. When I think about that business in the economic period when that came on, I would imagine that quite a bit of this business is probably still significantly under your average pricing on the domestic business. Could you give us a sense of what the differential is if I am looking at the average, which hasn't yet been kind of brought to market? And how much of that is remaining in terms of contract renewals that should be coming up at some point during the year?
Mike Glenn: Well, your assessment is correct. I mean this business did come on at lower average yields than what we typically enjoy at Express and that’s one of the dampening factors that we have been dealing with and as we lap that obviously that would be an advantage to us. The primary driver for the lower yields was two things. One is DHL carried a lower average weight per transaction than FedEx did. And then secondarily, they were more aggressive in their pricing. While we were able to command a premium when we took that business into FedEx obviously we were not in a position to affect the average weight per transaction. So we will just have to deal with that as these contracts come up and that relates directly to my comment regarding incentives for our sales team on specific accounts. If we incent our sales people for the right behavior they will perform accordingly and that is what we intend to do. So we are quite confident in our ability to get the appropriate rate increases as contracts come up for renewal.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jon Langenfeld with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Hartford – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Good morning. This is Ben Hartford in for Jon. A quick question on the trade network side. You guys have opened a number of offices over the past 12 to 18 months organically. Trying to get a sense for what the strategy on the development of that offering is going to be going forward, whether you are satisfied with doing it organically or if you think that you need to look on the outside and do an acquisition to help supplement that growth?
Dave Bronczek: Well, this is Dave Bronczek. We are very pleased with our organic growth. We have opened up 20 locations around the world. This fiscal year we have planned – we have approved going forward as well in all the major places in the world. We just opened up Dubai, Brussels, Frankfurt, China was at the beginning of the year, parts and rest of Asia. We are actually using FedEx Trade Networks for ocean and air freight forwarding as part of our overall bundle and strategy. The teams that we have met with around the world are excited and understand the business opportunities that we didn’t play in quite frankly before. So it is an all up bundle that improves the overall transportation power of FedEx Express and actually into Ground and Freight.
Ben Hartford – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, great. Then I don't want to belabor the point, but specifically on the Ground side when we talk about yields, I think you guys have done a great job articulating that. But moving forward when we look at the growth rates, when we look at volume growth in that segment, are you satisfied – it sounds like the number of yield initiatives might pressure volume growth moving forward. Would you be satisfied with metering that growth with something closer to the upper single digits moving forward and forsaking some market share growth to ensure that you do get the yield growth that you're looking for?
Dave Rebholz: This is Dave Rebholz. I think we have the right quotient of growth rate and yield and, as Mike pointed out, the right network combination to appropriately grow our aggregate business but not do it at a reduced rate structure. We don’t want to buy the marketplace. I think we are right in the sweet spot right now. I think everything that Mike has already articulated let’s you recognize we continue to – and our results, we continue to grow but we are going to grow the right way with the right mix of customers, even the right network. So, I am perfectly pleased and as Mike pointed out with of his detailed comments about the tactics and strategies for sales, I don’t know that I could be anything other than redundant.
Alan Graf: Ben, this is Alan, let me just say we are growing market share, improving profitability and increasing yields at the same time in a not so great economy. That tells you a lot about the service that we are delivering. Dave mentioned the lanes and we are the fastest and we are going to push that advantage really hard going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from William Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: Hi, I am just curious – there were some comments about the domestic business being sort of full on international. We've not really seen the snap back on the domestic Express side. So do the comments suggest that we will sort of – this is kind of a new normal off of which we will grow and that we should think about the package division in total rather than domestic and international kind of growing at different rates? How should we think about kind of overall package growth on Express?
Fred Smith: This is Fred Smith. Let me say what I have said now for a number of years and add Dave Bronczek to put any color that he wants on it or Mike Glenn. We have to report Express as domestic and international because that is what the SEC requires of us. We do not look at the Express business as domestic or international. It is one global network. Many of the things that 10 years ago we carried from, let’s say, Phoenix to Boston, we now carry from Guangzhou to Boston. The difference is rather than getting $15 for the former, we get $90 if it is an international priority shipment and 80% if it is an international economy shipment. Those are not real prices but you understand the point. And what Dave was mentioning about “the domestic system” being full of international traffic, when we bring this traffic into United States to one of our hubs, Memphis for work, Indianapolis, New York, Oakland, what happens is a lot of the traffic goes to the smaller cities and points around the network and it’s commingled with traffic that originates in the United States and is destined to points in the United States. So, the future of FedEx Express and the Express segment is international, and I don’t think that you will see as reported in the SEC reports any significant growth beyond say GDP levels of “domestic Express”. But it’s really traffic coming from the same customers that just become more global in nature and the United States is just one part of that global system. This is an area that it continues to be misunderstood and the reason that we are very confident about the margin improvement in Express is the incremental profit on these international door-to-door Express shipments are far, far greater than any other service that we offer in our transport networks with the possible exception of some of our small and medium-sized drop-off traffic. So Dave, you and Mike want to reiterate that again?
Dave Bronczek: That’s well said, Fred. Obviously, that was the point I was trying to make. We look at our system as one global system and as you put international priority high yielding traffic from China and Japan into the United States, the network that is flying out in the US here of its domestic package and goods coupled with these very high yielding, very profitable packages from all around the world, very much the same for example, would be the case in Europe. When Europe is flying its intra-European network, it is now commingled with its international priority shipments from China and Japan and the United States, international traffic that is high yielding and very profitable for us. So going forward, it is one global network and that was my point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Ceraso with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse: Thank you, good morning. Fred, do you have an update on the RLA and should we view the increased buy on airplanes as a positive signal in that regard?
Fred Smith: Let me ask Chris Richards to talk about the RLA issue in general. But let me talk about the airplane issue specifically because I think this is something that needs clarification. I mean the business press is completely full of stories about Boards of Directors advocating their responsibility to effectively manage risk that brought on the financial crisis. We are heavily invested in the Express business and have been for 40 years as a Railway Labor Act carrier. And we feel we have an enormous opportunity in this sector, particularly built around these 777 airplanes. When the Board of Directors approved the second tranche of purchases of 777s, the Board insisted prudently that if there were a change in this regard that additional aircraft in that order were subject to continue under that Railway Labor Act. And the facts of the matter are 100 some odd years of history, two Supreme Court sanctioned decisions and almost 40 years of FedEx Express’ history of operating as a Railway Labor Act carrier, mean that we could not invest in the Express sector nor could any railroad or any passenger airline, invest in locomotives or airplanes if they weren’t Railway Labor Act carriers. That’s why the Railway Labor Act was passed in 1926. There is a huge history here. So, we have said very publicly if that change were made we could not continue the investments. I mean that is no part of any legislative strategy. That is just the nature of the business. So it is very important that you separate that issue from the legislative issue which Chris is going to talk to you about. One is simply a Board decision that had to be made in the way it was because that’s the Board’s fiduciary responsibility. Now, I am going to be quiet about that unless you want to know more about that and ask Chris to talk about the legislation itself.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mickey Foster for any additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: We have some more comments on the RLA by Chris Richards. Hold on.
Chris Richards: Let me just give a real quick update on this. As you all are probably aware that the Senate is continuing to debate on its Bill today. We expect the Senate Bill to pass by the end of the week. It does not contain language amending the RLA and that Bill will then move to the House for consideration. Given the focus on healthcare in Congress, the House yesterday passed a 90-day extension of FAA funding and we expect the Senate to pass a similar extension before their spring recess. We hope that after the spring recess, the House will move quickly to pass final FAA authorization legislation which does not contain modification of the RLA or other extraneous labor provisions. The Senate Bill will be clean and will be focused on improving passenger and air safety and air traffic control systems including very important safety provisions like increasing the minimum number of hours that a pilot must fly before they can operate commercial passenger aircraft. We believe that UPS should abandon its efforts to add the language amending the RLA to this Bill as it is simply a corporate bailout that is putting UPS’ interest ahead of those of the American public. So we were very pleased with the Senate’s initiative to pass a clean Bill. We intend to aggressively work through this Bill [ph] on the hill and look forward to the passage of a clean Bill by both Houses of Congress.
Mickey Foster: I want to thank everyone for your participation today on FedEx Corporation’s third quarter earnings release conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-12-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Mickey Foster - Investor Relations Frederick W. Smith - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer  Alan B. Graf Jr. - Chief Financial Officer T. Michael Glenn - Executive Vice President - Market Development and Corporate Communications Douglas G. Duncan - FedEx Freight President and Chief Executive Officer Christine P. Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary David F. Rebholz - President and Chief Executive Officer - FedEx Ground David J. Bronczek - President and Chief Executive Officer - FedEx Express  
Analysts :  Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co.  Justin Jagerman - Deutsche Bank  Matthew Brookler - Piper Jaffray  Ed Wolfe - Wolfe Research  Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont  Gary Chase - Barclay's Capital  Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse  Robin Byde - HSBC Global Research  John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets  Keith Scunmacher - Morningstar David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company Scott Flower - Macquarrie Securities   
Operator:  Good day, everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, I will turn the call over to your host, Mr. Mickey Foster. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mickey Foster: Good morning and welcome to FedEx Corporation’s second quarter earnings conference call. I’m Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations. The earnings release and stat book are on our website at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay and Podcast download will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer session, callers will be limited to one question and a follow-up so we can accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to our press release and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the Investor Relations portion of the website at fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO; Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, Executive Vice President, Market Development and Corporate Communications; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Doug Duncan, CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter, followed by Alan Graf and after Alan, we will have questions and answers.
Frederick W. Smith: Thank you, Mickey and welcome to today’s conference call to discuss second quarter earnings and our outlook for the second half of the fiscal year.  Positive momentum in the global economy and continued execution of our business strategy drove volumes higher across all FedEx transportation segments. Growth was highlighted by increased international shipments.  We are encouraged by this trend. At FedEx Express, international priority volume rose 6% in the second quarter due largely to volume growth in Asia and Latin America. U.S. domestic package volume at FedEx Express increased 4% and average daily volume also increased at FedEx ground and FedEx freight. We believe these quarterly trends in volume growth indicate global economic conditions are improving.  For more than a year now, we’ve taken decisive actions during the worst economic downturn in FedEx history to reduce expenses while still expanding our portfolio of services. We reorganized our networks and personnel for greater efficiency and productivity. We pledged FedEx would emerge from this recession as a leaner, stronger company and we intend to do so.  With continued improvement in the world economy, we expect stronger demand for our services in the second half of FY10 and stronger year over year comparisons.  For the remainder of FY10, we will continue to balance cost controls with investment opportunities that serve our long-term interests, such as a more fuel-efficient and productive Boeing 757 and 777 aircraft joining our fleet. By the end of FY10, we will have added a total of 17 757s and four 777s. We will also invest in services that add value for our customers. A few weeks ago, FedEx ushered in a new era of tracking capability with the announcement of a unique product called [Sensaware]. Available this spring and designed for the life sciences industry, Sensaware couples a multi-sensor device and [inaudible] platform for real-time sharing of information on high value, highly sensitive critical shipments.  We believe the U.S. economy reached a turning point year over year during our second fiscal quarter with the one year anniversary of the financial collapse. Several economic indicators related to industrial demand turned positive compared to the same time last year.  Other forward-looking indicators point to near-term improvement. Manufacturers of capital goods say many of their customers are buying again, as opposed to drawing down inventories, signalling an up-tick in capital spending. We believe the process of inventory clearance has bottomed and subsequent restocking is driving growth.  As we look ahead, we see continued opportunities to expand our international business portfolio to take advantage of its potential for high growth and profitability. For example, FedEx has launched international direct distribution, a multi-mobile shipping option allowing customers to choose among air service and ocean transportation based on their transit time needs and strengthening FedEx as a leading provider of end-to-end supply chain solutions.  FedEx International direct distribution enables customers to consolidate multiple packages or freight into one shipment, saving time, money, and streamlining customs clearance before the individual shipments are delivered to their destinations.  FedEx trade networks, as part of the express segment, is a growing international ocean and air freight forwarder and it has opened new offices across Asia, Europe, and Latin America as part of its aggressive expansion plan, bringing to 18 the number of new locations in 2009 to complement its operations in the U.S. and Canada.  In November, FedEx Express widened its international portfolio, adding India to the list of countries, including China, Canada, the U.K., and Mexico where it offers branded domestic service. FedEx express enhanced its overnight service between Asia and Europe, introducing next business day service connecting mainland China, Hong Kong, and Singapore with France and Germany. In China, FedEx express accelerated inbound international express shipments to Shanghai by six hours.  At this time, I’d like to thank our 275,000 plus team members around the world for their loyalty and dedicated service in this past year as FedEx weathered the worst economic conditions in its history.  During this holiday season, we especially appreciate their commitment to our purple promise, which says simply I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. Because of our team’s great work, FedEx handled a record 14.1 million shipments this past Monday, up from 12 million packages on last year’s business day. And for all of you who procrastinate, don’t forget FedEx express will accept packages up until Wednesday, December 23rd for delivery before Christmas and if you’d like to bring them to the FedEx office, we would be happy to pack them as well.  Before turning the call over to Alan, I’d like to offer my personal thanks and the thanks of our Board of Directors and other team members to Doug Duncan, the founding President and Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Freight. Doug has been a great partner and is retiring after the first quarter of calendar year 2010. He will be succeeded by Bill Loeb. Doug has given many years of outstanding service to FedEx, so best wishes to you, Doug, and we appreciate everything you have done for us.  Now, Alan Graf, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will give you some more color on these remarks. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: Thank you, Fred and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, we were able to exceed the top end of our guidance range primarily as a result of stronger than expected international priority package and freight revenues and better than expected ground and smart post package volume. International priority package volume increased 6% versus last year, led by the Asia and Latin America regions, and international priority freight pounds increased by 16%.  We were able to move the higher than anticipated volume from Asia by flying extra sections with existing aircraft and incurring only incremental variable operating costs. Overall, FedEx Corporation revenue decreased 10% as significantly lower fuel surcharges and a very aggressive pricing environment were only partially offset by volume growth and continued strong cost management and productivity gains.  Operating income declined 27% as last year’s results significantly benefited from falling fuel prices and the related fuel surcharge timing lag. Additionally, in the second quarter we have begun to accrue variable compensation for the individual performance portion of our annual incentive compensation plan for non-exempt salaried employees, managers, senior managers, eligible exempts, individual contributors, and administrative professionals.  Second quarter results also highlight the dedication of our team members worldwide and the operating leverage we have built into our global networks by lowering our cost structure while continuing to invest in growth opportunities. Cost control efforts included fewer flight hours and improved route efficiencies which led to a 5% reduction in jet fuel consumption despite a 4% increase in express package volumes.  At FedEx express, average daily package volume increased 4%, while composite package yield declined 16%, primarily as a result of lower fuel surcharges. Our weighted average U.S. domestic and outbound fuel surcharge declined to 6% in the second quarter versus 30% last year. At express, operating income declined 36%.  At ground, volume increases and strong productivity drove segment operating income up 12% to $238 million. Ground volume increased 4% and FedEx smart post volumes increased 63%. FedEx ground yields decreased only 2% as improvements in base rates and higher extra service revenue helped to mitigate the lower -- the impact of lower fuel surcharges.  FedEx freight, although less than truck load average daily shipments improved 3% year over year, yields declined 12% on lower fuel surcharges and a very competitive pricing environment driven by significant industry over capacity. As a result, the FedEx freight segment incurred an operating loss of $12 million.  Looking ahead, our third quarter guidance of $0.50 to $0.70 per share versus $0.31 per share last year for the quarter and $3.45 to $3.75 per share for fiscal 2010 reflect our expectations for stronger year over year demand for our services, given easier comparisons, stable fuel prices, a continued benefit of our cost reduction actions taken during the past year, and a global economy which we believe should continue to modestly improve in our fiscal second half.  We are expecting sequential U.S. GDP growth of 4% in the fourth calendar quarter of 2009, 3.6% in the first calendar quarter of 2010, and 2.7% in the second calendar quarter of 2010.  With the global economic conditions improving, we expect stronger demand for our services in the second half of fiscal 2010. However, we expect a competitive pricing environment will persist. While we continue to closely manage our cost structure, continued improvement in demand for our services will produce volume driven increases and operating costs as we adjust capacity to match demand.  Our guidance is tempered by the uncertainty of current demand trends after our peak shipping season, expectations of a continued competitive price environment, especially in the LTL market, and the reestablishment of some of our compensation programs, all of which will somewhat dampen our near-term earnings potential as our variable incentive compensation programs have a high marginal accrual rate at our current expected profit levels.  On the balance sheet side, our balance sheet and liquidity position remain very strong, even after capital expenditures of $1.5 billion and pension contributions made in the first half of fiscal 2010. We made contributions of $613 million to our tax qualified U.S. domestic pension plans during the first half of 2010. In December, we made additional required quarterly contributions of $118 million to our U.S. retirement plans and expect to contribute another $235 million in fiscal second half, all to keep our pension funds fully funded as compared to some of our competitors.  On the capital expenditure side, we still expect to spend approximately $2.6 billion in fiscal 2010 and include spending for aircraft and related equipment at FedEx express and network expansion at FedEx ground and smart post. We also continue to invest in productivity enhancing technologies. We invested $859 million in aircraft and aircraft related equipment in the first half of fiscal 2010 and expect to invest an additional $361 million for aircraft for the remainder of 2010 at express.  Aircraft weighted expenditures include the new B777s, the first of which entered revenue service in the second quarter of 2010 and of course the 757s. These aircraft related capital expenditures are necessary to achieve significant long-term operating savings and to support long-term international volume growth.  And now we’ll be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We will go first to Tom Wadewitz with JPMorgan. 
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: I wanted to ask you a little bit about your guidance, the volume trend appears very constructive and it sounds like you are generally expecting that to continue. It looks like the third quarter is perhaps a little more conservative than the full year and I am wondering if there are any cost items in the third quarter that are somewhat unusual versus what you would expect looking at the fourth quarter or versus what you would have had in the second quarter. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: Well, a couple of items -- first, seasonally the third quarter is always our weakest, particularly post holidays. We are having a strong December I will say, as Fred mentioned on our largest package day of 14.1 million packages. But we expect a little bit of a slow-down in the January and February timeframe and then secondarily as I alluded to, we really didn’t have time to add much cost for the anticipated traffic that we saw at express and we want to keep our service levels as high as humanly possible and to keep -- catch up with that volume and keep service levels high, we are going to have to invest in additional hours and also the cycles that we put on those aircraft will have to have some additional maintenance. So there is a little bit of drag there, as well as we will be continuing to accrue for our annual incentive compensation plans in the second half. We had no accruals in the first quarter and we had some catch-up accruals in the second quarter.  So other than that, I still believe the outlook, as Fred mentioned and I mentioned for our traffic is very positive and we should have a lot of momentum going into the fourth quarter and into fiscal 11. 
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan: Okay, and in terms of the variable compensation, can you give us a sense of the magnitude of what that is in second quarter, was in second quarter and if that’s kind if similar if you look at that across the next two quarters, or if it’s a lot different given that you had some -- I think you said some additional true-up in second quarter related maybe to what you didn’t accrue in first quarter?
Alan B. Graf Jr.: Well, I wouldn’t say it’s not material to the overall earnings of the company but it is a little bit of a drag. Just as we use it as a shock absorber coming down to help cushion our earnings decline in very tough times, now we are reinvesting back in our folks who work so hard. So it will have a dampening effect but it won't be material, but it will have a dampening effect. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch. 
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Normally through this process of a shifting economy, it sounds like we are seeing a bit of express run-up in anticipation, maybe a little bit of fear of retailers to stock some inventory -- when do you expect part of that migration to move back or are you seeing that migration begin yet to establishing normal inventory levels through the ground shipments? Are you seeing that develop yet?
T. Michael Glenn:  It’s very difficult to make that call at this point. That’s why in Alan’s earlier remarks, he mentioned that it was going to be important for us to see the trends after the holiday season. We have been pleased with the volume trends as we have progressed through the quarter and leading up to the month of December, which led to our record day of 14.1 million packages but we certainly want to keep a watch out for the volume trends as we move into January and February before we make that final call. 
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: And then if I can shift a follow-up just on to the LTL side, how long do you think it is going to take here to rationalize capacity in the industry, just looking at the aggressive pricing that you have got in the marketplace? Just maybe if you can -- if Doug on his way out can just talk a little bit about what plans are for the division and how long he sees that taking to maybe stabilize a bit? Thanks. 
Douglas G. Duncan: Ken, we’ve been trying to predict when the excess capacity will leave for quite some time and things seem to change daily with press releases by some of our competitors but I would say to you that I think capacity is coming out. We’ve got a competitor or two that continues to lose business at a 40% clip year over year. That is capacity coming out. We are very happy with the volumes we have put in the networks now and now have the scale efficiencies that we need and I think we now have some opportunities to begin to improve the yield going forward, now that we’ve got the volumes that we need to really operate. 
Ken Hoexter - Merrill Lynch: Doug, are you surprised with the pricing, as aggressive as it is, that volumes weren’t even better?
Douglas G. Duncan: Well, you are seeing our volumes, we grew 3% in the quarter but every month was better than the previous month and our November number of shipments were actually up double-digit percentages year over year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Greene with Morgan Stanley. 
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Fred, I had a question for you on this proposed rule change from the national mediation board on union elections on the railway labor act -- a couple of the airlines and rails I have spoken to think it’s a challenge because you could end up with sort of a minority union. How do you think about this for FedEx? How will you adjust if this rule change actually goes through?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, I am going to defer that question to our General Counsel, Chris Richards, who is more up to speed on it than I am. 
Christine P. Richards: This rule change would, as you say, allow for a minority election in the sense that prior to the rule under the national mediation board rules, you would have to get 50% plus one of the craft or class to vote for a union before a union would be recognized. Under the proposed rule, it would just be 50% plus one of the actual people who participate in the election. It is a significant change. It overturns 70 years of precedent but I do want to point out, this is a change to a rule that is very similar to the one that is applicable for elections under the national labor relations act, so we feel confident we could deal with the situation in any event. 
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Just as a follow-up for Alan, you mentioned that the volume trends in the November quarter exceeded your expectations. What are you thinking we can see on international priority and even ground for the fiscal third quarter?
Alan B. Graf Jr.: I think ground has been fairly steady, steady as she goes with our growth rates and I’ll let Dave Rebholz add some color to that. On international priority, they are going to definitely be strong here in the second half and there’s a couple of reasons for that. One, first of all, the comparisons are fairly easy but secondarily, when you have by far the best, most reliable broadest service and the most awesome sales force who can construct specific service portfolios for our customers and the reach and the brand that we have, there’s no limit to what we are going to do with IP. 
David F. Rebholz : First of all, you need to understand that we continue to build our volume base off of acquisition of competitive volume. And the reason why I bring that up is because we have spent a lot of time, effort, and energy in improving our value proposition so that we are the best provider of partial product in the industry. Our customers are recognizing it, additional customers continue to look at us in that regard. I feel very, very confident that we are going to continue to grow at the pace we have. The beauty of our organization is that we have a broad portfolio that allows customers to pick and choose the value proposition they would like vis-a-vis the smart post offering, and as evidenced by its growth rate, we are very, very proud of what we have to offer and we will put ourselves up against anyone and quite frankly, we will win. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Donald Broughton with Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners:  Doug, I was hoping you could give us a little bit of insight into the volume trends, national versus regional, on freight, where were you seeing the most ability to grow volume. 
Douglas G. Duncan: Donald, they are both growing. National had some record days in November, bigger than they have ever had before but regional is growing as well, so the opportunities are actually broad-based across our two networks. 
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners:  Obviously regional is bigger than national but on a percentage basis, did you see greater volume growth at national on either an absolute or a percentage basis or -- 
Douglas G. Duncan: It’s not material. 
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners:  Not a material difference?
Douglas G. Duncan: No, they are both growing and I think what we have seen is given the competitive posture in the marketplace we are still a premium service and premium priced carrier and we have had to accept a little less premium but when we have done so, our value proposition wins in both networks. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: I am reading between the lines on your question here about our yields with obviously national being lower than regional and that mix -- it’s really the competitive environment and not the mix that is driving those yields down and we know we have to work on that. As Doug said, we have balanced out our networks now, we feel good about the productivity we are getting in it, and that’s a concentration on improving our yield outlook. 
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners:  Fantastic, so could you help me then get a little bit of a clue, Alan, on how to back out exactly how much of it was fuel and how much of it was unfriendly rate environment?
Alan B. Graf Jr.: Well, it was -- those were the two major components of the yield decline with the pricing environment being a little bit bigger of an impact negatively than the fuel impact. 
Douglas G. Duncan: Donald, I would say you still need to look at it all up, because customers negotiate the total price and some customers negotiate tougher on the fuel surcharge, some tougher on the base rate, so looking at the differences there, I don’t think are really constructive. You have to look at it all up. That’s what the customer looks at and that’s what we manage our business at. 
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners:  Well, I think we all believe that when the capacity reduction comps, not if but when, the rate environment is going to get a lot better for everyone. I’ll let someone else ask a question. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Ross with Stifel Nicolaus.
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus:  In the press release, you talked about fewer flight hours, making network adjustments, route efficiencies to really help the express margin. Could you talk a little bit about with the improved volumes, how much excess capacity is remaining in the network? And then given I guess the recent volume trends, are you going to think about adding capacity or is there still room to kind of run with your current network the way it’s been adjusted?
David J. Bronczek: We pulled our flight hours down in the second quarter year over year by 6%. Alan and Fred both talked about the fuel efficiencies obviously we got off of that but as the volumes around the world, mainly in Asia, in Latin America started materializing, we started flying a lot of extra sections and quite frankly, we’re having a hard time keeping up, actually, with the [rolled] containers even at that pace.  One thing I wanted to add that’s important I think for you to understand our capacity, we start in January officially flying our 777s, and then they come -- and then another section goes in, another route structure goes in in April, so we’ll have 777s flying in and out of Asia starting the third quarter and then in the fourth quarter, with all of that later pick-up time and farther reach, so we are very excited about the opportunities to keep the international revenue growing. 
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, and then could you talk a little bit I guess about the lane balance in the international moves? I guess a lot of the Asia export traffic might have been directed to the U.S. and is that true? How much is going from Asia to the U.S. versus Asia receiving freight from the U.S.? And then where was the Latin American freight going?
David J. Bronczek: Well, the Latin American freight is coming into the United States primarily but Asia is actually going into Europe and the United States. And we actually have had backlogs in Asia, Europe, and in Latin America for the last several weeks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Langenfeld with Robert W. Baird. 
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Allan, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned a couple of times the pricing and the aggressive pricing environment. I was hoping you could just focus on the domestic ground and express market and let us know what you are seeing there, and then how you think that pricing environment could or could not change as you look out over the next 12 months?
T. Michael Glenn:  One of the things that’s important for us as the economy continues to improve, we believe that we’ve got a terrific opportunity to review our pricing strategy, to make sure it reflects the value of the services that we provide, with the specific objective being to improve our yields for both our parcel and our freight services. And there are several things that we can do and plan to do to make a positive impact on those yields. Simply one would be to ensure we get acceptable rate increases as contract renewals roll around and we have a lot of contract renewals that will be in the hopper here in the months ahead. Two is we are reviewing our pricing guidelines for new business, given that the strength of the volume trends and three, we are ensuring and analyzing specific customers to make sure that they are meeting volume commitments to retain their current pricing.  So we’ve got a lot of opportunity as volumes continue to improve and as the economy strengthens to really see some yield management on the upside, given where we have been in this difficult economy. 
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co. : Okay, so that sounds good I guess looking forward -- how about what you are currently seeing? It seems like you continue to express a view that the market is pretty competitive on price in ground and express, maybe even more so than what it was over the last six or 12 months?
T. Michael Glenn:  Well, I would certainly say it’s more competitive in the freight LTL arena than it is in the parcel arena but again, we think there’s an opportunity going forward to move that in a positive direction in both of those key markets for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin [Jagerman] with Deutsche Bank.
Justin Jagerman - Deutsche Bank : I wanted to get a sense on the international priority -- how much of that would you attribute to just general growth in the freight environment? And how much would you attribute to market share gains? I’ve got to imagine BHL is somewhat impaired coming out of Asia to the U.S., given their lack of service here. 
T. Michael Glenn:  Well, I think there are three primary issues going on here. One is clearly some inventory restocking going on, given that inventories had dropped to such a low level. Two is there’s certainly been some increased consumer demand, especially in the electronic products sector, handheld smartphones and things of that nature. And third is we’ve been improving our position relative to the competition and taking some market share. So I think all three of those are factors, given our strong performance. 
Justin Jagerman - Deutsche Bank : Got it, and you gave an update last quarter on where you guys were on the Hong Kong to Memphis flights on a daily basis. Can you give us a sense on how that trended through the quarter and where you are now as we head into January and February?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, obviously that’s a very powerful lane for us, so much so that our first group of 777s are going to go Hong Kong to Memphis, so it continues to grow, it continues to be very strong, not only to the United States but to Europe as well. 
Justin Jagerman - Deutsche Bank : Okay, last time you had said you had gone from seven to eight flights a day. Have you gone to nine or -- I mean, during the quarter, have you pulled back to eight as you have passed the peak? Any color around that?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, we’ve actually gone to nine and then we have added on top of the nine, we’ve added all the extra sessions, so we’ve had dozens of extra sessions flown by our terrific flight crew and our ramp folks and so forth, so it’s been a very busy peak for us. 
Justin Jagerman - Deutsche Bank : Got it. And switching geographies, I guess, a bit -- you talked in your prepared remarks about increasing freight forwarding capabilities during the quarter but I know that European parcel express is obviously a big priority for you guys heading into this part of the economic upturn, hopefully. What are your thoughts on that? There’s been news out of TNT about potentially active as shareholders. There’s been lots of scuttlebutt in the marketplace, as there always is. Any thoughts on how you are going to be looking to attack that market on a go-forward basis?
Frederick W. Smith: In regards to TNT and the speculation there, we just don’t make any comment about corporate development activities, opportunities, ever. It’s just not in our best interest to do so and we just won't get involved in that.  Now having said that, one of the things that I think is a little bit of a myth about FedEx is our European operations are somehow not strong and they are exceedingly strong and Europe is extraordinarily profitable for us and we have expanded our air express operations in Europe, and our intercontinental network to and from Europe, both to Asia and to the United States. We bought a wonderful company in the United Kingdom.  So we feel that we’ve got a lot of growth prospects in Europe just from things that we can do organically and we are very happy with our situation in Europe. People forget that Europe is very different situation than in the United States. It’s a highly fractionated marketplace. There are many, many competitors in most of the domestic markets. There are at least half a dozen pan-European ground parcel networks. There are four intra-European air express networks. So it’s not the same situation as it is in the United States and I think sometimes people erroneously conclude that the analogies are greater than they actually are. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matthew [Brookler] with Piper Jaffray.
Matthew Brookler - Piper Jaffray: You guys mentioned in your press release that at express, you had a one-time adjustment for self-insurance. Can you guys quantify that amount?
Alan B. Graf Jr.: About a nickel a share after all things considered. 
Matthew Brookler - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And turning to the LTL division, it sounds like you guys saw nice volume growth there and you discussed potentially maybe taking up rates going forward. At this point in time, do you guys have additional capacity to take more share going forward or are you guys fully utilized?
Douglas G. Duncan: Obviously we have filled up considerable capacity and we are operating at scale efficiencies now to really drive the productivity in the network but we do have additional capacities and of course, the months of December, January, and February are seasonally low months for the industry so we have the ability to take on more but it’s nice to have the volume in place so that we can begin to look for opportunities to improve the yield. We can't do that when you don’t have the volumes in place. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Wolfe with Wolfe Research.
Ed Wolfe - Wolfe Research : It seems like seemingly you’ve been able to reduce labor costs more effectively than UPS. How do you look directionally at the opportunity for market share gains in ground and express versus the opportunity to focus a bit more on rates going forward, knowing that you’ve got that little bit of advantage right now, it feels, relative to your competitor?
T. Michael Glenn:  Market share is an interesting statistic but it is not what drives FedEx Corporation. Obviously we are looking to improve the bottom line and as I mentioned, as the economy improves, we think there’s a terrific opportunity to see the pricing environment firm up and improve and I mentioned the many tactics that we can put in place and are looking at to make sure that happens. But as Doug mentioned in the freight sector, obviously when you have the shipments in your network, it’s easier to do that. When you have the solid growth trends we have at express and ground, you can be more selective, including being more willing to walk away from a piece of business as the economy is improving, then you might be in a difficult economy. So we think it’s a terrific opportunity and obviously there’s a lot of leverage for the corporation, so it’s a high priority for us. 
Ed Wolfe - Wolfe Research : When you look at your full year guidance you just gave for fiscal 10, what’s the expectation in that for pricing for express, ground, and freight, relative to pricing that was achieved in the current quarter directionally for each of those? Is it similar pricing to where we are at or is some of it up, some of it down -- how do you look at that directionally?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, obviously we’d like to see the pricing environment improve. We’d like to see our yield performance improve but some of these tactics that I mentioned, you have to play as they come to you. In other words, we have to wait for contract renewals to come around. That’s important. We don’t think obviously it would be appropriate to open up a contract in the middle of that contract but we have a number of contracts coming up for renewal, we have a number of new business opportunities and obviously revised pricing guidelines and taking a firmer negotiating position when you are negotiating contract renewals will give us opportunity going forward but that does take some time to see that change. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Helane Becker with Jesup & Lamont.
Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont : Alan, can you quantify how much the 401K match will add or give us some sense of the number there that we should be thinking about? And two, I noticed the U.S./Japan bilateral agreement is going to open skies and that does affect some cargo but by virtue of the 1952s, you have unlimited route [rights] in Asia. Can you just talk about the effect that agreement would have on you, if any, and the opportunities that exist for you going forward? Thank you. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: I’ll take the first one -- I think if you will just track our salaries and benefits, you will be able to see the impact of the 401K again. It was a shock absorber coming down to help protect the shareholders from a cash flow and earnings standpoint. We need to reinvest back in that program. We are only putting half of it back up for now, as we wait and see on the strength and continuing strength of the economic improvement. So again, it will have a dampening effect but it won't be material. You just have to take all these things together as we continue to manage them and there’s base salaries, there’s merit increases, and then there’s the compensation associated with bonus programs and with the 401K and they will be increasing our cost of labor but we believe that we will be able to get that back and more in productivity with our new lower cost structure and redesigned networks. And I’ll let Chris answer the Japan question. 
Christine P. Richards: Helane, the recent Japan U.S. agreement didn’t really provide much upside for us but we were in such a good position with our Japan routes and slots that we really weren’t looking for a lot of benefit. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Chase with Barclay's Capital.
Gary Chase - Barclay's Capital : I wanted to ask a couple of Mike Glenn, if I could -- first on smart post. You know, last quarter you mentioned that you were really working hard to get product into the right channel and I’m just curious how far you are through that process, if we should expect to see more volume shift from regular ground or home delivery into smart post looking forward, or if you think you are through most of that. 
T. Michael Glenn:  That’s a tactic that is also available to us to improve yields across the parcel product portfolio. It would not only affect smart post but would affect ground and express as well. Again, as part of our yield improvement plans, we want to work with customers to make sure we are providing them the very best value proposition that meets their individual needs and we will be providing some solutions to them that could affect the product mix across our portfolio and could benefit FedEx as well. So that’s an ongoing part of our strategy. 
Gary Chase - Barclay's Capital : Okay, so it doesn’t sound like there’s anything -- it doesn’t sound like we should expect major change there. I also was noting that weight per package, that dynamic seems to have changed this quarter. The year-on-year, while you are still down, not as much as you were in the last few. Just curious for your color on what might be driving that and if we should expect that to turn for the better looking forward? I’m talking about weight per package in express. 
T. Michael Glenn:  Yeah, weight per package is always an early indication in terms of the economy. When the economy is turning down, you see weight per package decline as customers look to move heavier shipments into slower modes of transportation as a way of managing their transportation budgets and as the economy starts to improve, you tend to see weight per package firm up. So we think that’s another indicator of the positive trends in the economy. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Ceraso with Credit Suisse.
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse : What if the expected LTL even doesn’t happen? Do you think there’s a chance that maybe some of the price pressure in the market abates because the stronger players pull off the throttle and trying to tip the weaker guy over?
Douglas G. Duncan: As I said, I think capacity is coming out of -- excess capacity is coming out of this industry. Maybe not at the speed we would like to see but it is coming out and we have been able to grow our volumes and we really believe there’s an opportunity now to begin improving the yields going forward from here. So it won't be a rapid turnaround but the opportunities exist for us to do that. 
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse : Okay. And then there was a comment earlier about quantifying the improvement out of Asia, some of it’s restocking, some of it is demand. Do you have decent visibility into orders for January and February so you can disaggregate how much of it is restocking and how much of it is real demand? Is that what’s behind some of your caution on the fiscal third quarter? 
T. Michael Glenn:  It’s a little early to be making that call. I think it’s important to see some of the trends in January and early February before we will really understand of those three issues, how much was inventory restocking versus demand. We have a pretty good handle on the third issue as our relative position compared to the competition but how much is inventory restocking versus demand, we need a little more time to get the level of clarity that we’d like. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robin Byde with HSBC.
Robin Byde - HSBC Global Research : Just a question on purchase, transportation costs. These are starting to turn flat year-on-year, looking at your numbers. Can you give us a bit more color on [bolt-in] freight rate trends? I mean, I guess freight rates charged by your suppliers are starting to rise with improvement in the global economy. Is that correct? 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: Well, purchased transportation is complex when you talk about FedEx Corporation. You need to break it down by op-co, where of course ground is the biggest user of purchased transportation. Again, we have done a great job with productivity, and I’m going to let Dave Rebholz talk about that. Additionally, as we take additional volumes at freight, we have to add some purchase transportation and so we can get our networks back up and take that over. That is initially a drag on our costs. We are much more efficient one we take charge of those routes but in order to take that volume, we had to spend more on purchased trans but the biggest, most important unit is ground and I’ll let Dave address that. 
David F. Rebholz : Purchased trans is a reasonable balancing act in terms of what we put on, where we put on, and under what economic set of circumstances. I can tell you that the cost of purchasing power of FedEx gives us leverage in the marketplace, given our growth rate and the consistency expectations we have on service and performance from our vendors, I don’t think that we’ve done anything unreasonable. I think what we have done is balanced off where the right economics work and at absolutely no impact to our performance and our vendors are terrific but I don’t think there’s anything of any kind of significance in the numbers that you should be concerned about. 
Robin Byde - HSBC Global Research : Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Barnes with RBC Capital Markets.
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets : Could you talk a little bit about the delivery schedule for the remaining 757s, when you anticipate having that done? You gave the number through the end of the fiscal 10 year. You know, when you anticipate getting the rest of the deliveries of the 757s and then the second part of that would be do you feel like you’ve got enough clarification yet on re-authorization, FAA re-authorization and the ROA issue to commit to the next round of the 777s?
David J. Bronczek: I’ll answer the first and then Chris will answer the second part of your question. On the 757s, we’re receiving one 757 a month. That’s the plan that we put in place a year ago and we are right on track. We will get our 17th plane at the end of this month and then we will continue for several years to move the 727s out and the 757s in. 
Frederick W. Smith: On the contract on the 777, the way that contract is written is we exercise -- we don’t exercise the options -- excuse me, there’s a time period in front of each airplane, so I’ll let Christine give you some details about that. 
Christine P. Richards: The delivery date is preceded by a decision date and we make an indication to Boeing at the time of that decision date whether we will take that particular aircraft, so the RLA status has to be something we are comfortable with at each of those decision dates before we will take each particular airplane. 
John Barnes - RBC Capital Markets : Okay. And then Fred, just your opinion on how the FAA re-authorization is proceeding? I mean, do you have any more color as to timing and just the status of the two, kind of the senate and house versions and are they in renegotiation? Any color on that?
Christine P. Richards: As you know, the FAA re-authorization passed the house with the RLA amendment in that bill. On the senate side, it has moved out of committee but nothing is moving much on the senate side right now except healthcare and I’m not in a position any better than you are as to guess when that might move forward.  I can say this -- both the house and the senate have passed an extension of FAA funding through March 31, 2010, so we anticipate that this issue will continue to be something that we will be monitoring and working on very hard during the spring and summer of 2010. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith [Scunmacher] with Morningstar.
Keith Scunmacher - Morningstar: I recognize trade networks is still ramping up but hoped to hear a little bit more about this development. With the announced 18 new offices, does this bring the total to about 30? And are clients here primarily express clients who want bundled services or some other particular market?
T. Michael Glenn:  That’s right -- it’s 18 this year and it will be over 30 by the end of the fiscal year. And yes, it’s primarily express customers around the world that will end up moving traffic into our sister companies here in the United States but it’s a nice bundle for us around the world. 
Keith Scunmacher - Morningstar: I guess continuing on that bundled idea, customers -- are you seeing a lot of customers switching from competitors maybe who value FedEx's more comprehensive ability to serve U.S. domestic, as well as international shipments?
T. Michael Glenn:  656There’s no question about that. Obviously with DHL out of North America primarily, the structure and the strength we have in Asia-Pacific and around the world, Europe and the Middle East, customers are finding our bundle very attractive. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Campbell with Thompson, Davis & Company.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company: I heard a lot of talk and reading about your increasing interest in forwarding and -- the net, or the trade networks business and carrying freight but then I see in the Federal Express numbers that your air freight was down 25% in pounds in this last quarter. International priority was only up 6% -- international priority pounds were up 16% but on balance, there wasn’t any growth in the pounds and there was only 6% growth in packages. Is this a capacity problem? Or is it just you just haven’t gotten going on the forwarding/poundage business?
David J. Bronczek: Obviously that’s what we want -- we want the higher IPFS pounds to displace the ATA low yielding traffic. In fact, ATA is having a hard time getting on our planes now for several weeks and going forward, it looks like it’s having a hard time. So we are actually very pleased with how we are moving the IPFS, the IP, and our deferred international product as well. We have a good mix, obviously the deferred traffic can flow on our planes on an off cycle, so David, it’s exactly the program we have in place for that. 
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis & Company: So we really won't see any change in the near term in those trends?
David J. Bronczek: Probably not. We’ll continue to see more IPFS and IP pounds. 
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Scott Flower with Macquarrie Securities.
Scott Flower - Macquarrie Securities : A couple of questions -- one was on the LTL business. I wanted to see if Dave could give us some sense of have the trends continued into December and just broadly, have a lot of the share gains come from national oriented accounts or customers?
Douglas G. Duncan: The growth has come from a broad base of customers. We are getting increased business from small customers, what we call field accounts, as well as corporate accounts, so I would say the growth is very broad. And I forget the other part of your question. 
Scott Flower - Macquarrie Securities : Have the trends on shipments continued into December? You said there was -- through the quarter, trends were improving on shipments. Has that continued into December?
Douglas G. Duncan: December volumes still remain very strong. It’s normally a time where we begin to see volumes tail off seasonally in the freight business, but that hasn’t happened to this point. 
Scott Flower - Macquarrie Securities : And then just one last question, perhaps for Alan -- I know it’s been broached but I just didn’t know whether I could get some gauging, and obviously it’s in your guidance but between the salary increase on merit and the 401K match and the incentive comp being brought back in, is there any sense you could give us just on a yearly basis what that totals to? Obviously again it is in your guidance. 
Alan B. Graf Jr.: Well, it is and I’m not going to say any more specific than I have, other than to assure you we have worked very hard on our productivity and our overall cost structure, which has significantly been lowered. As we bring additional traffic back and it’s time to repair and improve our compensation programs and reward that productivity that we are getting. So on a net net basis, it will not restrain our growth because we expect to see additional volume and productivity that will offset those costs.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude today’s question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Foster for any additional or closing remarks. 
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation second quarter earnings release conference call. Please feel free to call anyone in the investor relations team if you have any additional questions. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today’s conference call.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-06-17 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Mickey Foster – VP IR Fred Smith – President & CEO Alan Graf – EVP & CFO Mike Glenn – EVP, Market Development & Corporate Communications Chris Richards - EVP, General Counsel & Secretary Rob Carter - EVP, FedEx Information Services & CIO  Dave Bronczek - President & CEO FedEx Express  Dave Rebholz - President & CEO FedEx Ground  Doug Duncan - President & CEO FedEx Freight 
Analysts:  Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird Peter Jacobs - Ragen McKenzie  Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners  Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont  Gary Chase – Barclays Capital  Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan  Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan  Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse  Ken Hoexter - BofA /Merrill Lynch  David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus  David Campbell – Thompson Davis & Company John Mims - BB&T Capital Markets  Ed Wolfe - Wolfe Research   
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corp. fourth quarter earnings conference call. Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Mickey Foster, VP Investor Relations.
Mickey Foster: Good morning and welcome to the FedEx Corp.’s fourth quarter earnings conference call. I’m Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations. The earnings release and 26-page stat book are on our website at www.fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay and Podcast download will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer session callers will be limited to one question and a follow up so we can accommodate all those who would like to participate.  I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corp. desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act.  Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to our press release and filings with the SEC. In our earnings release we include certain non-GAAP financial measures which we may discuss on this call. Please refer to the release available on our website for a further discussion of these measures and a reconciliation of them to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.  To the extent we disclose any other non-GAAP financial measures on this call please refer to the Investor Relations portion of the website at www.fedex.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today is Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO, currently in Paris representing the company at the French American Business Council. Joining us on the call here in Memphis, Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mike Glenn, Executive Vice President, Market Development and Corporate Communications; Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO; Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express; Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground; and Doug Duncan, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. Now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter followed by Alan Graf. After Alan we will have questions and answers.
Fred Smith: Thank you very much Mickey, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for participating in today’s conference call to discuss FedEx’s financial and operational performance during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009 and our outlook.  Of course we faced the most difficult economic conditions in our company’s history and in fact, the most difficult economic conditions that the modern world has seen since the end of WWII over the time period that represented FedEx’s FY09. While the severe global recession continues to throttle somewhat FedEx’s growth we do see signs of stability as the rate of decline appears to have leveled off. In this regard declines in FedEx Express international shipments appeared to have bottomed and are at levels similar to last quarter.  Now how long this bottoming out process will take and how strong the recovery will be remains of course uncertain. We believe however the worst of the recession is likely behind us. We remain optimistic about a turnaround beginning later in calendar 2009 though corporate caution in managing inventory and spending could be a limiting factor and push it out a little bit later.  There appear to be three macroeconomic trends paving the way for a recovery. First, inventory to sales ratios are starting to moderate which we believe will lead to restocking later this year even if the economy remains at current levels.  Second, broad financial conditions in the stock market and credit markets are improving. And third, the latest manufacturing, housing, and consumer confidence surveys show positive signs and global trade figures have improved sequentially.  At FedEx we built our company to be resilient with the ability to flex our networks up or down as economic conditions and volumes shift. We know that business by its very nature goes through cycles so we must be able to adapt quickly and we certainly have.  In FY09 the recession led FedEx to undertake even more significant measures of cost containment to protect our company, to preserve jobs within our company, and to position our company for future growth.  In the fourth fiscal quarter as you probably know, we adjusted our workforce to better match our volumes consistent with previous announcements. We decided at FedEx Express to permanently remove a number of aircraft and park others to optimize our express network in light of weak economic conditions and the expected delivery of newer, more fuel-efficient aircraft.  And finally we’re centralizing many customer support functions to deliver a simpler and seamless experience to our customers. We believe these steps together with earlier strategic activities have positively positioned FedEx to take full advantage of the rebound in the global economy.  I would like to commend our team for its personal commitment to the Purple Promise and as most of you know the Purple Promise is very simple; I will make every FedEx experience outstanding. Our service levels because of this effort continue to be very high across the entire enterprise and we are very proud that in May, FedEx was rated as number one in customer satisfaction among express delivery companies for the 12th consecutive year by the highly regarded American Customer Satisfaction Index. We believe this is proof positive that while management is committed to reducing costs we will not compromise our outstanding service levels. Although Chris Richards can comment on theses in greater details later if you have questions about them, I do want to call your attention to two court decisions this past quarter regarding FedEx Ground, defending its successful business model that allows independent owner/operators to run their own small business and deliver best in class customer service for economical ground package shipping.  These decisions validate our long-standing position that FedEx contractors are independent service providers and small business owners. In this respect FedEx Ground won a United States Court of Appeals decision that said these contractors are independent business owners, not employees and are thus outside the jurisdiction of the National Labor Relations Board or NLRB.  The jury in the Superior Court of the state of Washington also affirmed in a verdict that FedEx Ground’s single work area contractors operating the state of Washington are independent business owners and not employees.  I know also that many of you have questions about developments in Washington, DC and in Congress relative to the Railway Labor Act, and any change to it and its implications for FedEx Express. The FAA Reauthorization Act was recently approved by the House of Representatives and included a provision which we think is highly anticompetitive and would unfairly benefit one company, UPS, while targeting another company FedEx.  UPS is working this issue hard in concert with the Teamsters. Now let me give you a little historical perspective on this and I think my creditability here should go unchallenged since I founded FedEx in 1971 and we began operations in 1973 and one of the innovative concepts about Federal Express was that it was in integrated air/ground system. As a consequence it has always been a Railway Labor Act carrier. Now the Railway Labor Act carrier status did not come by accident. The Railway Labor Act is legislation that was passed in 1926 after half a century of labor strife in the rail industry and covered initially railroads and express companies with airlines being added in 1936, the year after Congress passed another labor act which would evolve into what we now refer to as the National Labor Relations Act.  The Railway Labor Act has two very important features. One, it requires system wide bargaining units and it certainly is not anti union in any respect as over 70% of the employees covered by the Railway Labor Act are represented by collective bargaining agreements versus about 8% of the private employment sector under the National Labor Relations Act.  The second major feature of the Railway Labor Act is that it requires the government to give permission to either labor or management to strike or to lock out. The purpose of the Railway Labor Act is to keep large commercial enterprises serving the public interest or the arteries of commerce, as they were called when the Act was passed in 1926, open for the public benefit.  Clearly FedEx Express with its enormous network of interconnected hubs and hundreds of airplanes and tens of thousands of vehicles, is prototypical of the type of enterprise that Congress intended to cover by the Railway Labor Act. So its not surprising that in 1991 at the end of years of litigation questioning this status, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the fact that FedEx Express was correctly organized under the Railway Labor Act and to paraphrase the decision was exactly the type of integrated air/ground system that Congress intended to operate under the Act.  In concert with the decision regarding Federal Express, other litigation concerning United Parcel Service was concluded in 1996 at the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and found in contrast UPS was correctly under the NLRB because they had combined their air and ground packages when they attempted to set up a company to compete with FedEx. And that since the majority of their packages were ground packages in that network, and since the company had been since its inception covered under what we would now refer to as the National Labor Relations Act or it had been since 1935, that they were alternatively correctly covered under the NLRA. Of course their air carrier operations is an RLA operation. So this single interest legislation would overturn two court decisions without one word of testimony from the millions of customers who depend on the FedEx network and not surprisingly we object very much to the effort to do this and have opposed it vigorously in Washington and hope the Senate will in its wisdom work this legislative effort.  I would like to also point out that FedEx Express provides highly competitive wages and benefits. FedEx Express is committed along with the other FedEx companies that are governed alternatively by the National Labor Relations Act to a work environment that supports direct and open communications among all our employees.  And as a result of those efforts we have gained a well-earned reputation as a great place to work around the world and we have been repeatedly recognized for workplace excellence by a variety of third party experts.  Now in conclusion as we begin FY10 I would like to take this opportunity on behalf of our senior leadership team, to thank the tens of thousands of other FedEx team members around the globe for their dedication and perseverance during one of the toughest years in our history.  I am particularly proud of the strong balance sheet we have developed over the years and the measures that we’ve taken that have given us the flexibility to weather an economic challenge of this magnitude. I firmly believe FedEx will emerge a stronger, more profitable company poised for future growth when the economic growth resumes.  And in this respect I can think of no better person to comment further on the financial aspect of FedEx then our Chief Financial Officer, Alan Graf. 
Alan Graf : Thank you Fred, and good morning everyone. Since our last meeting we lost our good friend and colleague Jim Clifford, our former Vice President of Investor Relations. The Silver Fox was a class act in every respect and please join us in taking a moment in memory of Jim.  Thank you. This morning we released our fourth quarter results and we are very proud of our accomplishments that were achieved in a brutal economic environment. We took tough cost control actions which will not only help us weather the current storm, but will also make us stronger in the long run and provide us with great upside cash flow and earnings leverage when the economy turns up.  We earned an adjusted $0.64 a share which is on the high side of the range of $0.45 to $0.70 a share we provided you in March excluding one-time charges. And quite frankly the economic environment ended up being much worse in the quarter then we thought when we gave you that range.  Our cost management and productivity and customer service levels were able to offset a substantial amount of the $2 billion revenue shortfall we had in the quarter versus last year’s fourth quarter. The revenue decline is mostly attributable to lower volumes at FedEx Express and FedEx Freight, reduced fuel surcharges, lower shipment weights, and base rate pressure in a very competitive pricing environment.  Looking first at the FedEx Express segment, we saw revenue decrease 25% to $4.8 billion from $6.4 billion last year, a 21% decrease in US domestic package revenue with yields down 19% and volume down 2%. And the yields were down 19% because of the decline in the fuel surcharge as well as rates and weights per package.  This is also despite the fact that DHL exited the business. Express saw a 27% decrease in IP package revenues with yields down 17% and volumes down 12%. In the case of the yield decline we held rates fairly well but fuel and exchange rates were the major cause of those declines.  We also had a 30% decrease in freight revenues at Express, with [pounds] down 20% and yields down 12%. Overall the operating loss including $260 million in aircraft related charges and severance programs was $132 million versus income of $426 million last year.  Looking now at the ground segment, revenue decreased 1%. That was a 1% decrease in ground yields with flat volume, excellent performance. And although we had a 27% decrease in SmartPost yields, the volume there was up 65% and so was its profit.  Operating income was flat at $203 million and the margin increased to 11.9% versus 11.8% last year. FedEx Ground average daily volume was $3.3 million with FedEx home delivery growth offsetting the commercial decline, and again this includes market share gains from the exit of DHL from the domestic market.  At FedEx Freight revenues decreased 28% to $948 million from $1.3 billion last year. The LTL average daily shipments decreased 17% and LTL yields decreased 11%. Here the story was mix as the decline in yields in the regional network were almost all related to the fuel surcharge where in the national network fuel and base yields both declined in a very brutal market. Weights were also down 2% per shipment.  Operating income decreased to a loss of $906 million versus income of $99 million last year and that loss includes a $90 million impairment charge related to the Watkins goodwill. LTL average daily shipments were down 17% to [68.4000] from 82,000 last year in the weakest LTL markets in decades.  And at the services segment revenue decreased 13% to $478 million on lower copy product revenue. Fourth quarter results for FedEx Services include an $810 million goodwill impairment charge related to the acquisition of Kinko’s, now known as FedEx Office. This charge was not allocated to the transportation segments as the charge was unrelated to the core performance of those businesses. Turning back to the corporate results for the year, I think its important to note that we were operating cash flow positive for fiscal 2009 and at the end of the year we had $2.3 billion in cash, and debt of $2.6 billion. That’s referencing back to Fred’s comment about our strong balance sheet.  During 2009 we reduced CapEx from our original business plan by $700 million and used most of that to make an additional contribution of $600 million to our qualified US domestic pension plan in the fourth quarter. That’s in addition to the $483 million we contributed to in September. The very important note here is that our principal US domestic pension plan is overfunded as of May 31, 2009. We did recognize a $1.2 billion charge to equity via comprehensive income for the market losses our pension plans incurred during fiscal 2009. Let me turn my attention now to fiscal 2010.  We have provided you a first quarter range of $0.30 to $0.45 a share as we face strong economic headwinds versus a year ago as well as rising fuel prices. June and July fuel surcharges were set in April and May and with fuel prices now substantially higher, the impact of rising fuel prices will have a substantial drag on our first quarter earnings.  However if fuel prices stay in the range that they are, that should even out during the rest of the fiscal year. I do not have enough visibility on when the economy will turn up nor can I predict fuel price volatility for the fiscal year and therefore cannot provide a meaningful fiscal year 2010 earnings forecast for the full year at this time.  We believe that we will be poised for growth beginning in the second half of our fiscal year when the comparables are not as difficult as the first half. We expect year over year GDP growth to turn positive in the first calendar quarter of calendar 2010.  Our number one objective for FY10 is that we intend to remain operating cash flow positive for the year. Lastly regarding pension expenses will be up $125 million versus 2009 for the entire year but that is a substantially lower amount then we were anticipating back in early March when the markets hit their bottom.  We anticipate making contributions of approximately $850 million to the US qualified plans this year and those are in my forecast for operating cash flow positive. CapEx will be in approximately the same range as last year, about $2.6 billion, and that includes $1.1 billion at Express for more efficient 757 and 777 aircraft.  And that’s the end of my comments, and we are ready for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: I guess if we could just start on the domestic side, can you talk a little bit about the core pricing environment, I know its difficult to get down to, but can we kind of strip out fuel and talk about what core trends were like throughout the quarter. 
Mike Glenn : The pricing environment certainly is competitive and that’s not unusual when there’s capacity in the market during recessionary periods. We certainly see more aggressive pricing on an account by account basis but our hope is that as the economy starts to improve, we’ll see stabilization of the environment and hope to see an improving pricing environment where we’re certainly competing on value and not so focused on competitors trying to fill up networks. 
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird: And then moving over to the cost side, if we take that billion dollars that you had outlined three months ago, what is the run rate that you realized this quarter and how much of that cost take out do you view as permanent take out versus cost that are going to have to return to the business when volumes improve. 
Dave Bronczek : I’ll start off at FedEx Express you probably have seen it in our numbers but our expenses were better year over year excluding one-time costs by 21%, almost $1.300 billion in Q4 year over year. Obviously we’ve done a lot of things that are permanent in our cost structure. We’ve replaced, we’ve eliminated some aircraft, we’ve parked some aircraft, we’ve made some headcount reductions across the board. We are anticipating the same kind of performance in FY10. As to what’s permanent and what’s not we have a tremendous amount of leverage at Express and Freight where if we get the turn that we think we might in early calendar 2010 we can take a lot of that additional revenue to the bottom line with very little limited incremental variable costs added. So we should see significant cash flow and earnings leverage from that. And even at Ground, we’re anticipating increased productivity and a further tightening of that network as it grows during fiscal 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Jacobs - Ragen McKenzie 
Peter Jacobs - Ragen McKenzie : I guess the first question I would have is in the FedEx Freight segment, you talked about you mentioned that you’re seeing a difference in the regional and national carriers, could you just talk about some of the dynamics that are playing out and why you saw the base rates fall in national but they were holding up in regional. Anything going on there. 
Doug Duncan : A couple of things there, customers tend to negotiate how they want. Some of it is in the fuel surcharge, some of it is in the base rates. So I would caution you not to use too much of the breakdown because you really need to look at the total yield number because that’s the way the customers look at it and that’s the way we manage it.  The other thing in the national network, when we acquired that company, they were highly concentrated in the electronics markets and other markets that had very high yields and we’ve done a great job of penetrating the more industrial markets where our regional company already had a big base and that in fact has lowered the class of the freight, not necessarily the profitability but it shows up as a yield decline, basically a mix change versus just a straight yield decline.  So I think we’ve managed yield quite well. I think we’ve got a great value proposition that’s been accepted in the marketplace at FedEx National but its over capacity and the pricing is very aggressive in that market. 
Peter Jacobs - Ragen McKenzie : you talked about the principal US pension plans being overfunded, I think that’s what you said, but then there was a charge to equity and comprehensive income, could you explain that. I’m a little confused on why there would be a charge if the plans are overfunded. Is there other parts of the pension that you had to take the charge for. 
Alan Graf : Well when we made contributions significantly higher then what we had expensed and following SFAS 158 and the rules of accounting you have to make up the losses through comprehensive income which is exactly how we did it and you will see that in the footnote in the package you have today and you’ll read more about it in our 10-K which we’ll file next month. 
Peter Jacobs - Ragen McKenzie : so does that theoretically then get reversed or is that just something you’re going to have live with even though you continue to make the contributions and the plans are overfunded. 
Alan Graf : Well since what we’ve booked were really unrealized market losses, you can predict what the market will be May 31, 2010, I can answer that question. Hopefully they will, but that’s the world we live in with this mark-to-market snapshot for a long-term pension plan with the short-term volatility and interest rates in the markets.  So yes, its very complicated accounting and unfortunately that’s what we have to live with. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners 
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners : If you can help me, the question really is is how much capacity does FedEx Freight have if and when a major competitor leaves the playing field. How much capacity do you have and how much of that market share is possible for you to grab and the jump ball that would follow. 
Doug Duncan : Well we are in a great position to take on additional capacity. The cost cutting that we’ve done has been smart. Our FTE’s for the quarter was down about 17% but our headcounts are only down 7%. We’ve retained the bulk of our driving force which is the tough positions to fill when the volumes come back. We’ve continued to go down some of our construction projects that are needed in certain key areas where we’re constrained capacity.  We opened 135-door facility in Houston last week and a brand new 252-door hub in Columbus earlier in the quarter. So we’ve continued to protect the network and we haven’t given up any coverage. We have phenomenal service. We’ve protected the drivers so that we have them at hand to handle additional tonnage so I think we’re very well positioned for that and we’d like to see the industry get to more normal capacity. 
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners : But would I be overly optimistic to suggest that you’re really only running at 70% of your possibly capacity at current volume levels. 
Doug Duncan : I don’t know that I’ve got a good percentage number to give you on that, but given what we see as the possibilities of consolidation in the marketplace I think we’re in great shape to handle our fair share of what may come our way. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont 
Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont : So maybe you could comment on this since you talked at great length about the FAA reauthorization Bill, if the Senate doesn’t get it and the Bill passes similarly to the House version, can you just talk about how that effects FedEx going forward and how we should think about that if it doesn’t work out that it just dies a natural death. 
Fred Smith : Well I think the most important thing that would happen is that we would have to be much more cautious in our investment in the Express business. The reason I went through that historical litany was to try to explain why the Congress passed the Railway Labor Act to begin with from the end of the Civil War through WWI and Woodrow Wilson almost nationalized the railroads over this issue.  The Congress tried four times to bring stability to the rail industry and repeatedly customers were bankrupted and products were not able to get to the market and so forth because of the local labor disputes. That’s way after the war the Congress passed this grand compromise recognizing that there were three seats at the table and not just two. It wasn’t just labor and management, it was labor and management and the public interest. So no Railway Labor Act carrier whether its one of the major airlines or the railroads could possibly continue to invest in the assets necessary to run these integrated networks if in fact it reverted to the pre 1926 environment where the FedEx Express network could be shut down by a local labor dispute in Oakland or Memphis or Newark or Chicago or whatever the case may be.  And that is precisely why when we exercised our option on these new 777 airplanes our Board of Directors had to exercise an appropriate amount of prudence and make those orders cancellable if this action took place. So it would significantly change our ability to make the kinds of investments that as many people have noted changed the world with the FedEx invention of the modern express industry.  And as I said it would give, if this happens, it would overturn two court decisions that say the industry is organized correctly and as you know we do not, like UPS, combine our air express networks and our ground networks. We think that this gives us a competitive advantage because our ground network is focused on highly reliable low cost ground packages and our express network is focused on very high service expectation express packages shipped to 220 countries around the world.  So it would materially change our business model to the detriment of the public interest and the rhetoric about this thing is quite frankly absurd that the situation at UPS exists because UPS made the decision to organize the way they did thinking that it would give them a competitive advantage against FedEx. They then tried to put their operations under the Railway Labor Act which we supported by the way, and then that was taken to court and the court said, no you made your bed now lie in it. You tried to put air express packages in predominantly a ground package network which was then, and I might add, by definition is a monopoly.  They have over a 60% market share. So all of these facts we’ve tried to get across to the Congress but it would change our business model. We would have to be much more cautious. What wouldn’t change is the focus we put on our employee relations. We have a great team. We try to be fair and equitable with our folks and that wouldn’t change at all.  We respect their right to have third party representation if that’s what they choose. Our pilots did that. We have very good relations with our pilots. So that’s the best answer I can give you, it will just the fundamental nature of Federal Express which has been, as I said, a Railway Labor Act since its inception and based in part on my experience in the Marine Corp of an integrated air/ground network.  That’s why it is and has been so successful. So it is an attempt to quite frankly advantage UPS and disadvantage FedEx by making our operations susceptible to local disruptions which again is exactly why the Congress passed the Railway Labor Act in 1926.
Helane Becker - Jesup & Lamont : Well didn’t you set up FedEx to be separate ground and air for specifically this reason. 
Fred Smith : It was not set up to be separate ground and air, it was set up to specifically be an integrated air/ground system and that issue was litigated and the courts found that it was in fact exactly what the Congress intended when it set up the Railway Labor Act. So it was always a Railway Labor Act operation. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gary Chase – Barclays Capital 
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital : Just a quick cleanup one and then a question on cost, when you said you expected to be cash positive, that’s obviously after CapEx or at least I assumed that and could you also clarify, did you say the pension contribution would be $132 million, was that the expected number. 
Alan Graf : The increase in expense that will run through the P&L for our pension plans is $125 million. The contributions to the qualified plans will be $850 million which is less then fiscal 2009 but will be more then what we will expense and when I say operating cash flow positive, that includes CapEx. That includes that contribution to the pension plan.  It does not include any debt refinancing or debt paybacks which we have about $650 million of debt to repay during fiscal 2010. But of course we have $2.3 billion in cash so we haven’t made any decisions in that regard. 
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital : And then more importantly in past releases, you’ve identified I think upwards of $2 billion in savings that you think you can take out of the operation as you scale it down, is there a way to think about how much of that is already in the numbers, what we saw in the fourth quarter and how much of it we should expect to spool up during the course of fiscal 2010.
Alan Graf : That’s a question that’s going to play out during the year. We have hiring and wage freezes basically across the board. We’ve suspended our 401K contributions. If the economy turns up and we start to see the growth that we think we’ll get we’ll start to repair those reductions and if we don’t, we won’t.  So we’re going to manage the heck out of this year just like we did in 2009 but again, let me just stress, we have a tremendous amount of leverage in these networks at the moment because the drop in volumes have been so precipitous. There are additional on the downside, there are additional things we can do cost wise if the economy goes south from here.  So we’re not locked in to where we are either way, we have flexibility. But we have a lot of leverage. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan 
Tom Wadewitz - JPMorgan : I wanted to ask you first on the volume side, the Express, domestic express down 1.7 in the quarter was actually down a bit less then what we saw year over year in third quarter, I think down 3%, is that just additional DHL coming in or did you see certain areas improve slightly and I guess could you give a sense of where you see Express volumes going forward, whether its weak for a while or whether you see some early indications of that improving a little bit. 
Dave Bronczek : As we discussed on the last call, we were very successful taking DHL volume that was available to the marketplace. We were able to obtain greater then our fair share in all segments where we were competing. So there’s some of that which also has a negative impact on yields because as I’m sure you know, the DHL volume tends to be lighter and more concentrated in large customers so you see both a customer mix issue there as well as an average weight per package issue there that effects the pricing. Having said that we did see some improvement in the quarter but as we’ve said for a long time, we don’t anticipate seeing the domestic express market as a significant growth opportunity going forward. We see that market as relatively mature but having said that, its important to understand we manage the express network as a global network.  The investments that we make in the US are all part of a global network so that’s the way we look at it on a global basis, not really as a domestic opportunity.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan   
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan : just first kind of a broadly thinking one, you addressed the issue of excess capacity in the LTL environment, it things kind of play out as you expect over the next few quarters and we do start to see GDP growth in Q1 of 2010, how long and what level of GDP growth do you think we need to see before you kind of see a balance between supply and demand in the express industry. 
Doug Duncan : In the LTL space, if you go back and look we actually began the decline earlier then the general economy because of the housing crunch that began in 2006. So you can actually see a decline in the overall trucking business starting in the fourth quarter of 2006. So we got in it kind of earlier then the general economy.  My gauge is the whole economy, the whole industry is down a little better then 20% since its peak of 2006 and I don’t think we’re going to have the kind of GDP growth that’s going to get us back to that capacity quickly. So I think the growth will be moderate from a very low base and because of that I think you’re going to see capacity come out of this industry in pretty good chunks because I just don’t think its sustainable in this economic climate.
Alan Graf : I know you know this, but I’ll just take the opportunity, industrial production year over year has been down for seven consecutive quarters and some of those were double-digit declines and LTL is very sensitive to industrial and housing so there’s no, unless a lot of capacity comes out, its going to take quite a while for the capacity that’s out there to get filled back up. 
Art Hatfield - Morgan Keegan : What about these issues on the express business side. 
Dave Bronczek : Alan already mentioned this and Fred did too, but I think its important to point it out. Our international number which of course as Mike commented is our global number as we look at international and domestic improved sequentially which is very important for us. It shows signs of stability. Asia improve, Europe improved, Latin America improved, and overall we improved quarter over quarter so that’s a very good sign for us. We mentioned that last quarter as well. And as we’ve all talked about, if we see signs of that improvement going into the first calendar quarter that would be very positive for us. And by the way, as you would know, there’s a lot of capacity that has come down throughout the world in the express and airfreight markets and we see that as an opportunity as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley
Bill Greene - Morgan Stanley: Given how difficult the economy is, I’ve got to believe that your sales team is probably doing everything they can to retain business and to help customers and inevitably that means you’ll get requests for discounts, as a CFO how do you balance the need to maintain pricing integrity with concerns about maintaining market share of some if your competitors get aggressive on price and what are some of your thoughts on pricing this year. 
Alan Graf : First of all we’ve got the most awesome sales force in the world. Very proud of them. Really working hard. We’re not in the market share gain for market share’s sake. We’re certainly taking market share at ground very consistently year after year after year and we just make an 11.9% margin. So obviously we want to continue to do that.  There is business that we’re willing to walk away from and that we do. We have certain win advantages, competitors may have certain win advantages but at the same time, it’s a competitive environment and we want to maintain cash flow positive and build long-term shareholder value and that means we can’t take every price deal that’s offered to us. 
Mike Glenn : We have a process which we manage these opportunities on a weekly basis, called the Revenue Management Committee, which has representatives certainly out of Alan’s office, senior executives out of the finance organization, the legal organization, and of course the key operating companies are represented either by the CEO’s of those operating companies or an Executive Vice President.  We review each one of these opportunities on a weekly basis. We have a very clear understanding of the impact that pricing decisions have on the company both at the OpCo level and the corporate level and I think if you take a look at our yield performance in a very difficult market we’ve outperformed the market when it comes to yield management.  So we will continue that disciplined approach to managing price. As I indicated I’m very hopefully that as the markets improve that we’ll see certainly more stability and improving yields and more competing on value as opposed to focusing on filling up networks. So we’ll continue to use that very disciplined process that’s worked well for us in the past and again hopeful that we’ll see some more stability in pricing going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse 
Chris Ceraso - Credit Suisse : Can you just maybe give us a high-level breakdown of the change from fiscal first quarter of 2009 to your guidance for fiscal 2010 on some big buckets, how much is the fuel headwind, how much would you attribute to volume and yield. We know that it’s a maybe $0.06 of pension and then on the other side how much are you getting back from cost savings. 
Alan Graf : All of the above. The fuel surcharge is going to be significantly different in FY10’s first quarter then in FY09’s. And the economic environment is light years different. So obviously those are the two big hitters and we can’t get it all back in cost year over year at this point because we have as I said leverage in the networks. We would have had to take them down further and tightening them even more which we think would have been a very big long-term mistake and certainly we’re not going to disinvest in service, in fact we’re investing in our service levels to keep them as close to 100% as we can.  So you know, its all of the above. Fuel is definitely substantial, quantifying it is of course a non-GAAP analytic process which includes price negotiations, fuel burn, weight per package, all those kinds of things in there but we’re just going to see more of the same in Q1 of 2010 that we saw in the last part of fiscal 2009.  I want to clarify by industrial comment, when I said seven consecutive quarters, that includes we believe that it will be down each of the quarters, two, three and four of calendar 2009, so all the way through calendar 2009, that will be seven consecutive quarters by the time we get to December 31. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Hoexter - BofA /Merrill Lynch 
Ken Hoexter - BofA /Merrill Lynch : Can we just run over the impairment charge for a sec, you took $1.2 billion out and that included $810 million for the services, $260 Express, $90 million for freight and then you said $10 million was in the freight number as well for severance, what’s the other $35 million attributed to. 
Alan Graf : Well big round numbers, the goodwill impairments are $900, the asset impairments are $200, severance all throughout FedEx corp is $46, lease penalties, aircraft [mod] cancellation, lease abandonments and other is the rest. That gets you to $1.204 billion to be precise. The tax effect is $128 and that gets you to the $1.076 precisely as the impairment charge total. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus 
David Ross - Stifel Nicolaus : First question on the Express price competition in the US, you said that was driven due to excess capacity but is it being driven more by the shippers putting their freight out for rebid or more by competitors just going in and chasing freight. 
Dave Bronczek : Well it’s a little difficult to take out the DHL noise from the express rates because as I mentioned, DHL was a more aggressive price competitor and also they tended to have lighter weight packages concentrated with larger customers which results in lower yields per package. While FedEx was able to take that traffic at a significant premium to where DHL was carrying it, it still was lower then our average yield per transaction. So there’s certainly the DHL noise in there. Having said that you do see aggressive pricing on an account-by-account basis. It tends to be where capacity is available and that’s not unusual in these economic times. You also see a lighter average weight per transaction as traffic tends to shift from one network to another in order to control costs. I would say there’s a slight increase in terms of companies that are rebidding traffic in order to take advantage of these opportunities in the recessionary times, but nothing outside the norm that again you would expect to see in this environment. I think the bigger issue effecting the yields was the DHL mix of traffic that came into our system again, albeit FedEx took it at much higher yields then DHL was carrying it and the change in average weight per transaction.  But its about what we would expect to see in this environment, but we’re very hopeful that that will stabilize and the environment will improve significantly as the economy improves. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Campbell – Thompson Davis & Company
David Campbell – Thompson Davis & Company: On the [inaudible] business can you see gains in market share because of DHL loss of domestic capabilities. 
Dave Bronczek : You were breaking up there but I think the question was are we seeing gains in international business around the world as a result of DHL’s departure from the express business here in the US, the answer to that question is yes. For the same reason that we run the express network as a global network customers view that competitive network in a similar fashion and when you take the US out of a global network, it obviously creates a lot of issues in terms of the value that a company can bring to a competitor in terms of leveraging and managing their supply chain.  So we have seen some opportunities there. I think those are picking up as we again move into the new fiscal year and our sales team is going a great job working with customers to help them with their supply chain. So there’s no question that DHL’s departure from the US is creating opportunities around the world. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Mims - BB&T Capital Markets 
John Mims - BB&T Capital Markets : Can you talk about the fuel, your guidance for next quarter and how sensitive that is to fuel and is there a high or low water mark if oil was to jump to 80 or fall to 60 where you would blow through the top or the bottom of that range. 
Alan Graf : Well you could definitely blow through the top or bottom of that range based on fuel spikes up or down. Again remember as I mentioned we’ve already set June and July surcharges from April and May pricing environment which was substantially lower then what we’re planning at the moment. So if it stays relatively where it is, as I said in my earlier comments, then I’m much more comfortable with that range then if its volatile, and volatile either way.  Because it’s the volatility and the lag that hurts us on a quarterly basis. In the long run there are a lot of other factors, how much does a fuel surcharge create mode shift, so many factors that are involved in it. Its much more judgmental but right now because of this run up, its having a substantial drag on what our first quarter earnings otherwise would be. If it stays where it is we should get most of that back in quarters two, three, and four. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Wolfe - Wolfe Research 
Ed Wolfe - Wolfe Research : Two quick questions, first can you talk about May and June trend for IP and US Express package volumes relative to minus 12.3 and minus 1.7 for those two in the quarter and also if Congress goes through with the reclassification of FedEx under the RLA, what steps do you plan to take to help prevent organization. I’m guessing there are things you can do to make sure that doesn’t become fruition if the law goes against you.
Dave Bronczek : In that 12.3 in Q4 obviously sequentially Asia improved if that’s your question and so did Europe. That’s very important for us going forward. Overall as I mentioned before all of international all up improved from Q3 to Q4. So we’re optimistic as we’ve said now several times that as the year goes forward, half way through the year we start seeing an upside in the positive territory. 
Alan Graf : In very broad brush, in Express the domestic express volumes are going to be basically flattish for the year and pretty consistently in each quarter. IP is going to stay down because the comps are just so tough compared to a year ago when we were doing significantly better. We had only a slight decline in our first fiscal quarter of 2009 in IP. It was almost flat so, but that should begin to get better and mitigate and as we turn into the 2010 calendar year, I expect to be back on a growth plane in IP again assuming that our assumptions that I’ve told you about the economy and having year over year GDP growth actually come to fruition. 
Fred Smith : Well I might want Dave Bronczek to talk a little bit more about this, but fundamentally we would not change anything that we’re doing in terms of the culture of FedEx Express. We have always been very team member oriented. We have system wide bidding rights. People can start as a cargo handler in Ohio and advance as high in the company as one can go. In fact I think that’s the short form career statement of Dave Bronczek, the CEO of FedEx Express. Many of our people started that way so we have a very strong corporate culture, very people oriented. So I don’t think we’d do anything in that respect. We as I said before we recognize and respect our employees’ rights to have third party representation. We just have worked hard to make sure that they don’t feel that that’s necessary.  And that’s true in our Railway Labor Act company, FedEx Express and its true in our National Labor Relations Act companies, FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight. Now having said that as I answered the question with Helane, there is no Railway Labor Act carrier whether it’s a major railroad or a major airline or a major express company like FedEx that could possibly invest the levels of capital that we have invested in this business if it were subject to a local labor dispute. And that’s just not hypothetical, I personally have called almost every one of the CEO’s of every one of the railroads and air carriers and confirmed that that was the case. So over time it would change our approach to the business. I think it would certainly change the way the network evolved and managed certain facilities would probably over time be scaled back. Others wouldn’t be.  As I said the contract with Boeing, our Board required that the exercise of the option be subject to this change and in a time when Boards of Directors in the financial sector have been roundly criticized for lack of risk management it would have been absolutely imprudent for our Board to approve a multi billion dollar purchase of assets which will be highly productive in our express network.  But if in essence we became overnight because of a preemptory change in the law despite as I said the 150 years of history in this matter, then we go from being an integrated air/ground express company which did change the world of commerce to in essence an air freight forwarder with an airline and that’s a very different proposition then Federal Express is today. 
Dave Bronczek : Thanks for the question because it gives me a good opportunity to thank my express management team. In the history of Federal Express and of course now FedEx Express, we’ve always had an employee survey. It goes back 25 years. And as tough as the economy has been and as tough as the actions that we’ve had to take have been with all the communications, we’ve never had a higher, never, survey feedback then we had this year.  In fact in almost every category the surveys went up across the United States. That is the case across the world by the way as well, but unbelievable progress in that. The employee morale is exceedingly high. We have great support from our teammates. They understand the issues that we’re facing. I’m very, very proud of all of them.  So thank you for the question. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corp. fourth quarter earnings release conference call. Please feel free to call any one on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-03-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster – Vice President, Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman, President and CEO Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and CFO Mike Glenn - Executive Vice President, Market Development and Corporate Communications Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO Dave Bronczek - President and CEO of FedEx Express Dave Rebholz - President and CEO of FedEx Ground Doug Duncan, President and CEO of FedEx Freight
Analysts: David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners Peter Jacobs – Ragen Mackenzie Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets William Greene – Morgan Stanley Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse Gary Chase – Barclays Capital Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Company
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Now it is my pleasure to turn the conference over to Mickey Foster, VP Investor Relations.
Mickey Foster: Welcome to the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. The earnings release and 25 page stat book are on our website at FedEx.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay and Podcast download will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer session callers will be limited to one question and a follow up so we can accommodate all those who would like to participate.  I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. In our earnings release we include certain non-GAAP financial measures which we may discuss on this call. Please refer to the release available on our website for a further discussion of these measures and a reconciliation them to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. To the extent we disclose any other non-GAAP financial measures on this call please refer to the Investor Relations portion of the website at FedEx.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO, Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO, Mike Glenn, Executive Vice President, Market Development and Corporate Communications, Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO, Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express, Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground, and Doug Duncan, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. Now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter followed by Alan Graf. After Alan we will have Q&A.
Fred Smith: If you’ll recall during our last earnings call we discussed how FedEx faced some of the worst economic conditions in many decades. As we all know, the global economy has been very weak during this period of time. There are, however, positive signs supporting eventual improvement in the economy. They’re often overlooked in the midst of the current uncertainty but we’re confident the FedEx business model is solid and will deliver long term value. We’re focused on steady gains in market share and productivity. We’re also focused on continuing to improve our customer’s experience, keeping the purple promise. We’re positioning FedEx to take full advantage of the recovery. Because we can flex our networks and pull many other levers at our disposal FedEx continues to operate profitably. Our service levels are extremely high. Our balance sheet is very strong, we have excellent access to liquidity as our recent $1 billion bond offering proves. In December we announced a series of cost saving measures. Today we’re unveiling additional cost reduction actions in light of the continuing deterioration of the economy since our last earnings call. In this regard we will reduce the capacity of the FedEx Express and FedEx Freight networks. We will further reduce personnel and work hours and I’ll be happy to comment on that in greater detail during the Q&A session if you’d like. We will expand pay actions to include non-US employees where permitted. We will be streamlining our information technology systems and other internal processes. We will reduce spending in additional categories and increase economies purchasing goods and services. These actions are targeted to additionally reduce FY10 expenses by about $1 billion. When we announced our compensation reductions in December our goals were to protect our business and minimize the loss of jobs. With industrial production and global trade trends having worsened since that time we are adopting today’s actions to secure the jobs of as many of our teammates as possible. We have, quite frankly, the best folks in the business. I’m confident that these team members worldwide will continue to work together in these challenging times to continue to make every experience outstanding. Our management team is steadfastly committed to reducing costs. We absolutely will not compromise our outstanding service levels. In this regard we continue to work to ensure success for FedEx in the long term. For example, in February, FedEx Express improved its international and domestic services in Mexico with an expanded air cargo terminal, bonded warehouse and a new hub. In China, FedEx Express began operations at our new $150 million Asia/Pacific hub located at the new Baiyun International Airport in Guangzhou, China. I’m proud to say that earlier this month FedEx Corporation was rated as one of the worlds most admired companies by Fortune Magazine in what many consider to be the definitive report card on corporate reputations. In addition, in January, FedEx was once again named to Fortune’s list of the 100 best companies to work for. In December, Forbes Magazine named FedEx to its honor roll of best big companies. These honors are a reflection of the values, culture and people who make FedEx what it is. I know a number of you will have questions about the railway labor act issue and other matters which we’ll be happy to take up in the Q&A session but let me just tie off my portion of these prepared remarks by reiterating that we are determined to act decisively so that FedEx will overcome the current economic challenges and emerge a stronger more competitive company than before. I am particularly proud of the strong balance sheet we have developed over the years and the measures that we have taken that have given us the flexibility to weather an economic challenge of this magnitude. In that regard let me know turn the microphone over to our Chief Financial Officer, Alan Graf.
Alan Graf: Today I will discuss our third quarter results and our fourth quarter outlook, following that I will give you a few thoughts regarding our fiscal year 2010 which begins June 1. For the third quarter first up is FedEx Ground where operating results improved due to volume and revenue growth, lower fuel prices, and improved performance at FedEx SmartPost. During this very difficult time revenue increased 4% to $1.8 billion as volumes and yields were both up 2%. FedEx SmartPost volumes increased a whopping 44%.  Operating income increased 15% to just under $200 million and operating margin increased a full percentage point to 10.9%. Notably, market share increased as we believe we captured more then our fair share of former DHL traffic at higher yield then DHL has been receiving. At FedEx Freight the economy took its toll as shipments, yields and weights declined due to the weakest LTL environment in a very long time. Revenue decreased 21% on a decline in average daily shipments of 13% and a yield decline of 7%. Operating income decreased to a loss of $59 million versus income of $46 million last year. Again, we believe we are taking market share and will be well poised for substantial profitability increases once the economy recovers. Turning to FedEx Express, operating results declined as lower volumes and yields more then offset significant reductions in cost. Revenue decreased 18% to $5.1 billion a decline of approximately $1 billion from the previous year, driven by volume and lower fuel surcharges. US Domestic volume was down 3% and yield was down 12%. International Priority package volume fell 13% from last years third quarter and yields declined 8%. Freight pounds declined 19%. As a result, in spite of significant escalating cost reductions operating income in Express decreased 89% to $45 million.  Overall, for Freight and Express it was a very tough quarter but a very solid one for Ground. EPS decreased 75% for the Corporation to $0.31 a share. Looking at the fourth quarter we have provided an EPS range estimate of $0.45 to $0.70 a share. Obviously we had a significantly worse economy in the third quarter versus last year and we expect continued difficult comparisons in our fourth quarter versus previous year. I am also concerned about potential fuel price increases as fuel surcharges have already been set for April and are about 60% set for May and I see that oil is spiking up this morning. We are presently in the middle of planning for fiscal year 2010. Given the very tough comparisons with last year’s first half and fiscal ’10 and the uncertain economy we are planning very conservatively. Aside from the global economic conditions we face significant fuel and pension headwinds in fiscal 2010. In fiscal 2009 we benefited from the gentle decline in fuel prices during the first three quarters. We do not expect that to continue during fiscal ’10. We have also seen our base Express volume and revenue levels drop sharply compared to the average of the first half. Additionally, our pension plan, like many others, has sustained asset value losses during FY09. Our domestic pension plans however, have more then ample funds to meet benefit payments and no contributions are legally required for fiscal ’09. Future funding requirements will depend on the funding status of these plans on May 31, 2009, partially mitigated by the Worker Retiree and Employee recovery act of 2008 enacted into law in December 2008. In order to improve the funded status of our principal plan and reduce fiscal 2010 expense we may make additional voluntary contributions in fiscal 2009. Our balance sheet is solid and we have over $2.6 billion in cash at the end of the third quarter. In any event, a substantial year over increase in our pension expense in 2010 is likely based on current conditions. Having said that, some of the projections that third parties have made regarding the potential FY10 pension expense increase and mark to market hit to equity are significantly worse then what I anticipate given current market conditions. Recognizing these headwinds of economic conditions, fuel and pension, we are making significantly greater cost reductions beyond what we previously announced and had underway. During the third quarter you may recall the actions we implemented through reduced costs included base salary reductions for US salaried personnel effective January 1, a suspension of 401K company contributions effective February 1. Throughout the year we have also eliminated variable compensation payments, extended a hiring freeze and made significant volume reductions in labor hours and line haul expenses. As the economy continued to worsen during Q3 we recognized that further cost reductions would be required to protect our long term franchise and we have announced those this morning both in the release and discussed already by Fred. Other then these qualitative comments I, nor any of my partners, are in a position to comment at this time on specific numbers for fiscal year ’10 as we are in the midst of our planning cycle and still monitoring the economic climate. We will not, however, do anything to impair our superior service nor are we reducing any coverage provided by any of our networks. Long term we are extremely well positioned, where strong earnings growth and cash flow growth when the economy turns up. With that, operator, we’re happy to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus
David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus: On the Express business how flexible is the Express network given the downturn I know you tried to reduce it and it’s not immediately flexible on the downside. How long does it take to right size it, how much further do you think you have to go still?
Alan Graf: What we’re showing by the cost reductions we had already taken and the ones that we’re about to take, we have a lot more flexibility and variability in our cost structure then most people give us credit for. That’s why the one time charges that we anticipate in the fourth quarter are so small compared to the ongoing expense reductions that we’re going to see in FY10. Most notably will be what we’re going to do at Express and with that I’m going to turn it over to Dave Bronczek.
Dave Bronczek: We have a lot of flexibility to your earlier comment. The $1 billion that Fred and Alan referenced before in cost reductions obviously the lion’s share of that cost reduction effort will be at Express. That’s all around the world, that’s Asia, Europe, here in the United States. We have a lot of levers to pull, we have a lot of initiatives underway and we’re moving forward on all of those initiatives.
David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus: On the DHL business you said that you got a lot of DHL traffic at higher yields. My understanding is that a lot of that might have gone into the Ground network as well. Could you explain how you see the DHL business being split up between what you got on the Express side and on the Ground side?
Mike Glenn: We were able to leverage our vast network and broader range of services which included FedEx Express, FedEx Ground and FedEx SmartPost to work with DHL customers to ensure that we put the traffic in the right network to meet their needs. Obviously given the economic situation, some of the traffic and the pricing that was in the marketplace some of the traffic moved out of the Express network and their system and moved into other networks then ours. Having said that, we exceeded our fair share in every segment which includes Domestic Express, US Export, Ground and we also added quite a bit of volume to our SmartPost as well. We were especially proud of the effort of our sales and marketing team to deliver this volume at higher yields then DHL was carrying the traffic for.  That was important to us because we wanted to make sure that FedEx received an appropriate return on investment for this work. We did will in all segments exceeding our fair share in every segment where we put traffic. Our objective was to work with the customers and our sales team did a great job of this in making sure the volume went in the right network.
Operator: Your next question comes from Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners: It appears the Democrats in the House seem determined to pass Card Check and it’s easy to understand why Card Check would be bad for FedEx’s business, FedEx’s shareholders and FedEx’s financial returns. Can you outline for us why it would be bad for FedEx employees?
Fred Smith: I’m going to ask Christine Richards our General Council to comment on this in greater depth. We are just one among many industrial companies that feel that the legislation is not well thought out. Obviously we don’t agree with the concept of doing away with the secret ballot for elections. As I understand it in union organizing efforts the unions win at least half, maybe more. Particularly worrisome is the mandatory arbitration provision. 
Chris Richards: The most important thing that people have really not focused on with respect to this legislation is this arbitration provision. What it would require is that when a union is elected that the employer and the union negotiate for a very short period of time, 120 days, at which point if no contract has been reached an arbitrator who has no responsibility to the employee, to the management, or to the shareowners of that company, would impose an agreement that would set the wages and benefits for those employees for a two year period. What this means is that a person who maybe knows nothing about the industry or knows little would be setting those rates for wages and benefits. One could logically expect that in some cases they will set a rate that is too high for the company to compete effectively in its business or in some instances they may set a rate that is so low that employees cannot be attracted and the employees would not be able to find compensation that would allow them to perform the work. The most egregious part of this is that this arbitrator would have no accountability to the shareowners of a particular business. If you look at the need for American business as a whole and not just FedEx to remain competitive one of the clearest things that is apparent from this current economic situation is that businesses must be able to control their costs and balance the needs of their employees to have a stable job opportunity with a successful business against the need for making cuts in certain areas to provide an opportunity for the business to remain profitable. This arbitration provision is not just bad for FedEx its bad for business as a whole and I think that’s why you’re seeing a lot of people particularly Senators up in Washington starting to look at this and recognize that this bill has the potential to negatively impact the existence and creation of jobs in the US going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Jacobs – Ragen Mackenzie
Peter Jacobs – Ragen Mackenzie: Could you give a little more detail around the market share gains that you’ve seen in your different business segments are there any numbers that you can put around those?
Mike Glenn: If you look at volume share more importantly revenue share which is what we pay more attention to, we outperformed our primary competition in every segment. Obviously the DHL traffic had a lot to do with the share during the fourth quarter so the market as a whole the two primary competitors remaining in the express market in the US gained share as a result of the DHL traffic. However, we performed much better again obtaining more then our fair share. Regardless of whether you look at Ground, Express, and US Export or for that matter SmartPost. We were very pleased with our performance not only on a volume basis but on a revenue share basis and we felt we came out very well in that regard.
Peter Jacobs – Ragen Mackenzie: Are there any segments of the industry that noticeably weak. I’m sure it was weak across the board but are there any particular outliers that you would point to.
Mike Glenn: The retail sector in particular has been weak but there’s been broad based weakness across the board. Obviously there are some sectors that are performing a bit better but this is a broad economic issue and the recession is affecting virtually every segment.
Fred Smith: I would say that one of the things in particular as Alan mentioned in his remarks has been our Freight business. The Freight business is heavily tied into automotive and housing. I don’t think any two industries in the country have been worse hit with this economic slowdown then that.
Doug Duncan: Clearly the Freight business almost half of our market can be tracked back to durable goods either manufacturing or distributions. The downturn in the housing industry, the decline in the auto industry and now the lack of consumer spending on large screen TVs and that type of thing have had a huge impact on the Freight business.  The Freight business has actually been in contraction since 2006 because of these issues. This has been a prolonged period of time but we’ve been able to gain market share over that period of time and we continue to gain market share but not sufficiently to get over the year over year decline in overall demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont
Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: On the outlook for the current quarter and then beyond is there anything you can say internationally versus domestically in terms of weakness or industry groups that might be more weak then others or is it just broad based every market down similarly or is there China showing any signs of improvement anything like that.
Alan Graf: What we’ve seen in fiscal year ’09 are quarter sequential declines in International Priority where we were about flat in the first quarter, we were down 6% or 7% in the second, we’re down almost 14% in the third. We think that’s about to bottom. As our fourth quarter we don’t think we’re going to see continued quarterly sequential declines. Asia by far has been the weakest but there’s general weakness everywhere.
Dave Bronczek: That’s correct, we have actually seen some pretty good growth in China Domestic, in Mexico, United Kingdom, and our domestic markets are doing better. Similarly to how we’re doing here in the United States but Alan’s right, Asia/Pacific specifically has been hit the hardest and it’s probably the weakest at the moment but I agree with Alan that we probably have hit the bottom.
Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: My follow up question is on Mexico, do changes in NAFTA and the whole truck slap affect you guys at all?
Fred Smith: Let me mention the broader strategic issue then I’ll ask Dave to comment specifically. We were very concerned obviously with what the Congress did on this reneging on our responsibilities under the NAFTA Treaty about the Mexican truck. These operators are as safe or safer then many other operations. It was a solemn obligation of the United States it entered into a treaty. Mexico is among our largest trading partners so we hope that that gets resolved. We have a very good business in Mexico, one that is growing and we think we’re doing a great job for our customers south of the border and north of the border. As I mentioned in my remarks we are expanding our business down there and Dave can comment further on that.
Dave Bronczek: We are expanding our business, we opened a domestic hub in San Luis Potosi in the Golden Triangle in Mexico and coming across Juarez into El Paso and that business is very important for us and for US commerce. We would hope that that continues on the trade pattern that it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan: My first question is along the lines of the trends in Express, you commented a little bit and on the volumes bottoming out in third quarter. What about yields, the yields were down pretty significantly in Express year over year in third quarter and the margins obviously were under some pressure. Do you think on a year over year basis third quarter is representative of what we see going forward and that yields and margins in Express have bottomed as well? How would we look at that?
Mike Glenn: In the Domestic business for example there were several issues. One obviously is fuel surcharges dramatically lower this year versus last year. The second issue would be weight per package which is a trend that you typically see during a poor economy. The third issue is the DHL traffic that we added. As I mentioned before while we were able to get this traffic at significantly higher yields then DHL had been carrying it still is less then our average yield per transaction. The traffic that DHL carried also was lighter then our average weight per transaction in the US business. Those are the factors that were impacting yield during the quarter.
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan: Any thoughts on the margin side year over year in the third quarter and whether that’s representative of going forward or not?
Alan Graf: Obviously when we gave you the range for the year at the end of the second quarter the high side of that would have been the economy quit declining and the low side of that would have been it continued. Obviously we’re at the low side of that so it continued a very steep decline and we’re chasing the revenue and volume declines with our cost programs and they’re lagging which is natural. However, I think we can react very quickly here and I think that we can have a decent FY10 at Express. You tell me when the economy is going to turn. If it starts to turn here at the end of the calendar year and we start getting some sequential quarterly improvements and then start eventually to get some year over year improvements we are going to have great leverage in the Express network. It’s just a matter of when not so much an FY10 issue as when it turns and how strong our cash flows and earnings will be at that point.
Dave Bronczek: The variable profit improvement margins that we would get on a package whether it’s in the United States and especially international goes very quickly to our bottom line. We’re doing all the right things on our costs all around the world. When some of this volume and the trends improve not only here in the US but around the world there’s very big upside going forward.
Fred Smith: On the strategic issue here too which I think is very important for your understanding of our business, when we basically created the modern door to door Express business in the early 90s for international traffic the segment probably was about 5% of the total market for the movement of goods internationally. In 2007 the last full year before this slowdown the overall market for moving goods by air intercontinental was about $75 billion approximately. The door to door Express segment had grown to almost 40% in terms of revenue share and about 10% to 12% in terms of the weight share. What’s happened when the economy has gotten very bad is the more commodity type traffic has gone down on the water and the capacity in the traditional airport to airport air freight business has been pulled down at a very rapid rate. When you come out of this thing I think quite frankly that some of those business models that people were hanging on to are simply not viable. In our case, however, being such a huge player in the market and we are the largest transporter of goods by air in the world the ability to flex our intercontinental networks as a percentage of our total flight is much greater than people who are flying a couple of times per week between point ‘a’ and point ‘b’. That’s why Dave was talking about these levers that he can pull. We were able to take some of our capacity down over the Pacific but we have not degraded the service capabilities that we’re able to offer our customers. The same thing is true on the Atlantic. That’s not true with some of the more traditional services that have been offered. It’s important that you understand what’s going on within the context of that strategic market analysis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: When we think about a recovery is you have to put assets back to work. Is there a period of time there where we don’t see as much leverage in the profitability of the company due to having to flex up the network?
Alan Graf: We see a tremendous amount of leverage on the initial upside because we will be reducing capacity in terms of aircraft not being flown. The ones that are being flown will still have capacity in them so once the economy turns up initially at Express we’ll get tremendous leverage then we’ll begin to add back flights and assets as appropriate. Particularly if you can tell me exactly when it’s going to turn I can tell you exactly what our earnings are going to be.
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: On your pension comment, I know you don’t want to get specific; you made a comment that the high end estimates from third parties you’ve seen are too high. I’ve seen numbers all over the place and some of the high end numbers I’ve seen are a little above $1 a share in earnings. Is that the range that you’re referring to or have you seen something much higher then that.
Alan Graf: I’ve seen higher then that and I’ve seen $5 or $6 billion hits to equity. Unfortunately those are people who are taking May 31 data from the 10-K a year ago, have no idea how we’ve been managing our pension fund and no idea what our assumptions are going to be, have no idea what corporate long term bond interest rates have done.  Unfortunately a pension program is a long, I’m going to have a soap box here so just get ready, is a long term program where you’re providing benefits for your employees and we have a very unfortunate accounting standard that makes us mark to market and while we got relief fund funding we no relief funds smoothing for expense.  We pick one day of the year and whatever the market is that day, whatever the discount rate is that day you’re stuck with. Believe me; we could have tens of millions of dollars of swing that day, hour to hour. I won’t know until we get to May 31. I will tell you that we are a lot less sensitive to equities then we were at May 31. We’ve been using liability driven investing and are continuing to do that so we’re probably in better shape then a lot of people think.
Fred Smith: The other thing about our pension is we have a huge amount of assets in that pension fund and very little draw on it. As Alan said, having to do this thing on a single day is really not very well thought out. As you know, when the so called pension protection act was passed in 2006 one of the things that we did, and I think our employees covered by the pension program can take a lot of solace and have great confidence in is we moved to a cash balance pension program so that we can make sure that our pensions are fully funded and we don’t have the level of volatility that we otherwise would have had. Put a different way, we saw what this 100 year flood level evaluation could do and changed our plans accordingly. I’m very pleased with where we are and very happy that we did it so we can ensure our folks have a strong retirement program.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: Your competitor talked about using DHL pull out of the US market as kind of a lever to go after them on a global scale. From a strategic standpoint is that a strategy that you’re following, are you trying to attack them in Asia and Europe and elsewhere?
Mike Glenn: A significant percentage of the global traffic transits the US and obviously the absence of a US footprint weakens the value proposition of any competitor that doesn’t have a presence in the US. That creates opportunities and we’re working very hard to take advantage of those opportunities. We have a tremendous global footprint and mentioned today despite pulling down capacity we’ve not affected our value proposition. We’re selling that aggressively in the marketplace today in having a lot of success with that.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: Looking at your cash balance what’s going to be your position going forward? Do you stay defensive, are you cutting just back to maintenance CapEx at the $40 stock price, $40 range, are repurchases looking attractive, can you give some color on that?
Alan Graf: Obviously those are all the things that are going through our minds right now as we’re going through our planning process and discussing our options with our Board of Directors. I will say this, for FY10 the number one objective building our plan is to stay as close to cash flow positive we can. Again, with the pension wildcard how much we fund and when could swing that one way or the other.  As for CapEx it’s still very important for us to change our fleet at Express to have more 757s and 777s. FY10 is a fairly heavy year at the moment for deposits and deliveries. We’re examining that and looking at that in the context of everything else and haven’t made any decisions one way or the other but all those things are at the top of our mind right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets: We’ve seen a lot of bid activity on the trucking side of things in the first half of this year and I was wondering I’ve heard a little bit about some small parcel bids out there. What’s been going on, on that end and have you guys been happy with the results of that? Is that where you’re seeing the visibility on the DHL pickups and any color you could give on that would be great.
Fred Smith: Obviously we have contracts that come due on a monthly basis. These are typical multi-year agreements that end up being put out for RFQ or renegotiated and so the activity level there is certainly consistent with what we’ve seen in the past. There’s no question that when DHL announced that they were going to pull out of the US domestic operation, customers started to become very aggressive in looking at alternatives and we were well prepared for that, we had planned for that for many months prior to DHLs announcement, anticipating that was the likely outcome. We were way ahead of the game in that regard and that’s why we were able to take greater then our fair share. Clearly a lot of activity leading up to the end of January closure of DHL operations but it’s settled down since then.
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets: It’s not outside of normal kind of trends?
Fred Smith: No, there’s a lot of activity. Any time you’re in a weak economy there’s more activity then the norm but certainly not inconsistent with our expectations.
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets: When you’re talking about volumes bottoming both on International which got worse this quarter sequentially and Domestic which let up a little bit, what gets you confidence that we’re seeing that bottom? Are you getting a better result in March as we moved into the fourth quarter for you guys? Is there something out there in terms of business trends from customers activity that they’re talking about that gets you that level of confidence? It feels like every time we’ve tried to call a bottom in this economy that bottom tends to fall out a bit.
Alan Graf: When I was referring to the bottom before I was talking about our International Priority. We do believe that quarter to quarter sequentially we’re going to see improvement in the second calendar quarter here in 2009 from what we’ve been seeing in terms of the big deep red numbers. Whether it’ll be actually positive or not in the second quarter remains to be seen but by the end of this calendar year sequentially, not year over year, but sequentially we believe it will be improving.
Fred Smith: During the fourth calendar quarter what happened was basically a hard down by a lot of people in terms of their purchases. You had a huge spike in inventory and the inventory to sales ratio went up to levels that hadn’t been seen in years. The low replenishment levels that have been going on are not sustainable if you assume that the economy is not going to continue to contract. At some point you have to begin the reorder cycle. We track this very carefully; we have a great economist Gene Huang who’s sitting in the room here with me to pull my ear if I say anything wrong. When you get towards the later part of this year you will have to have some increase in the order cycle if you don’t have a decline in the GDP. We do not anticipate that there will be a significant further decline in GDP for calendar 2009. It will definitely be weak probably for the year be a down year in terms of GDP coming into 2010 perhaps with lower growth. That’s the basis on which we make the comments because the inventory to sales ratio, the inventories are now being bled off and they’ll have to be restocked beginning later in the year if the economy stays even at these levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Greene – Morgan Stanley
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: I’m wondering if you can comment at all on the productivity metrics, you talked about having some metrics here improving. How about man hours, how much did those decline in the third quarter, is that the right metrics we should be thinking about when you talk about productivity?
Alan Graf: Obviously each segment’s different. At Freight and Express part of the big leverage that we have is being able to reduce hours across the board. Of course at Ground where we have volume growth we’re getting great productivity out of our model.
Dave Rebholz: In anticipation of the weaker economy we contracted our normal expansion of our contract routes. Contractors of course hire their own employees as business expands or if they need to diminish the hours they diminish them. The equivalent value of the productivity with slower growth rates still came in at about 2.6% so we achieved real productivity on the basis of the volumes and our settlement costs as it relates to our contractors.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: At Express how did the hours change it?
Dave Bronczek: Obviously we reduced our hours a lot and a lot of attrition and so forth. We’ve actually consolidated our operations. Our routes have consolidated so we’ve added one or two routes together in many of our operations. Our volumes have been down and our productivity has actually been up. We’re looking forward to the same kind of improvement in productivity in FY10.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: To be clear, you’re saying that the pounds flown are down but the hours worked are down more?
Dave Bronczek: The pounds flown are down as well, they are 6% down but the productivity in my courier workforce we’ve consolidated routes here in the United States primarily but all around the world so our volumes are down and our productivity is up.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: The postal service has been struggling as we know. Is there any chance you think they come back and ask to renegotiate the contract you guys have?
Dave Bronczek: We talk with the Post Office every month. Lately it’s been more frequent then that. All I can tell you is they’re very pleased with our service and the performance that we’re providing in that service agreement. I would say right now we don’t see anything going forward like that.
Alan Graf: I want to add one thing to this question it’s iterative to what I mentioned earlier but important. We are not reducing our service levels whatsoever. In fact, we continue to improve them. We are not reducing any coverage’s in any of our network as we do this. That’s important for you to know because some of our competitors in fact are doing that in various segments, we are not.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse
Chris Ceraso – Credit Suisse: There was a mention in the press release about costs related to consolidation in the regional offices, in Freight and some severance charges. Are these one time in nature and can you quantify the magnitude of those costs?
Doug Duncan: At the end of calendar four we actually closed our San Jose general office and we combined our two regional operating companies. The general office and headquarters for what was previously our FedEx Freight West Operations was ceased to exist and was combined into our operation headquartered in Harrison. Basically that was it. Plus we had some headcount reductions that there was severance costs for. The reorganization into a single network, the shutdown of our general office in San Jose and the headcount reductions and the severance according to that was all part of that. I would mention to you we continue to manage our resources to our volumes for Q3 we actually had our decline in FTEs of roughly equal to our decline in average daily shipment. We’ve managed this very well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Chase – Barclays Capital
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital: I wanted to see if we could get a little more color obviously you clarified on International Priority that you think things are stabilizing. Can you give us a sense of where you think the Domestic trend is? Specifically I’m wondering, DHL it’s hard to know exactly when the volume would have spilled off DHL into you and others but they officially were out on January 30th which only left you with a month of time in the quarter. Should we not see additional contribution from DHL over the span of the next quarter versus what we saw during this quarter?
Mike Glenn: It’s important to understand that we began planning for this departure by DHL almost nine months ago. It became pretty clear that they were going to continue to struggle and while they were negotiating with our primary competitor on line haul agreements we were planning for their departure. We had quite a head start in that regard and we saw volume begin to come on shortly after we initiated our plan. You’ve see an increase in volume coming from DHL throughout our planning horizon. This has not been a one month or one quarter issue, this volume has come in over time. The bulk of the volume that you’re going to see certainly is there already. Will there be some accounts that say, “Gee I went with one competitor versus the other and now that I’ve got a little more time I’ll go out and put a formal RFQ in place.” Certainly that will happen. There may be some movement in that regard. We’re very pleased with our performance and I think it’s safe to say that the bulk of the volume has entered an alternative network.
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital: Do you see the same kind of volume trends domestically where you think things are bottoming out as what you referenced in the IP market?
Mike Glenn: Alan’s already commented on the sequential GDP forecast that we have which would suggest that it will although be difficult in calendar ’09, will continue to improve. If that’s the case then we do believe that we’ve probably seen the worst. It’s difficult to say exactly what’s happening because clearly the DHL volume is masking a lot of the underlying trends. While we believe we’ve got a pretty good handle on that it is a little more difficult as a result of that. We’re pretty pleased with where we sit right now on the Domestic Express side relative to the market as a whole. Obviously we’re not pleased with the performance overall but relative to the market we’re very pleased with our performance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: I know you don’t break out the Domestic versus International margins but directionally does it make sense that since the international margins have had better margins and they need better margins because there’s more fixed cost that they’re probably at lower margins right now then the domestic?
Dave Bronczek: I can tell you that the opportunity for us to improve dramatically our margins comes from International so your premise is probably correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: In the press release you mentioned a potential impairment coming up in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about that? Similarly on that subject, you mentioned on the CapEx as you look forward there were a lot of planes coming on 757s, 777s is there any move to, or do you have the capability to delay any of that or is that not something you want to do?
Alan Graf: Don’t want to do it because those are great pieces of equipment with high productivity, great leverage and high ROIC. We don’t want to and hopefully we won’t have to but yes we can. As to impairments, obviously the weak global economic conditions have had a negative impact on our overall earnings and the profitability of our reporting units and our market cap has been reduced. There is an increased risk there that we could record non-cash impairment losses on goodwill and we’re in our annual study of that and we’ll just have to go through that. There’s certainly a higher risk of that then there had been previously.
Operator: Your last question comes from David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Company
David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Company: I wanted to know the status of the 757 replacement program, is that still a high priority for you in reducing fuel consumption?
Dave Bronczek: We’re very pleased with our 757 program. We’re getting one a month. We’re replacing 727s as quickly as we can. They are flying, very, very high reliability. We’re very pleased.
Operator: It appears that is all the time we have for questions. Mr. Foster I’ll turn the call back over to you.
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation on the FedEx Corporation Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions. Thanks again.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference call. Once again, that you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2008-12-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster – Vice President, Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman, President and CEO Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and CFO Mike Glenn - Executive Vice President, Market Development and Corporate Communications Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO Dave Bronczek - President and CEO of FedEx Express Dave Rebholz - President and CEO of FedEx Ground Doug Duncan, President and CEO of FedEx Freight
Analysts: Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners John Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird Peter Jacobs – Ragen Mackenzie Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan Robert Nichols – Manning & Napier Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan Justin Yagerman – Wachovia  Adam Longson – Morgan Stanley Gary Chase – Barclays Capital Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster.
Mickey Foster: Welcome to the FedEx Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. I’m Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations at FedEx Corporation. The earnings release and 25 page stat book are on our website at FedEx.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay and Podcast download will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer session callers will be limited to one question and a follow up so we can accommodate all those who would like to participate.  I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the investor relations portion of our website at FedEx.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.  Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO, Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO, Mike Glenn, Executive Vice President, Market Development and Corporate Communications, Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO, David Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express, David Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground, and Doug Duncan, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. Now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter followed by Alan Graf. After Alan, we will have questions and answers.
Fred Smith: We appreciate your joining today’s conference call to discuss FedEx Quarter Two FY09 earnings. FedEx financial performance is increasingly being challenged by some of the worst business conditions in the history of our company. We’ve been managing costs and taking full advantage of market opportunities and our service levels are record at highs. We expect, however, that economic conditions will remain very difficult through calendar 2009 and today we are announcing additional actions that we believe are necessary to offset weak demand, to protect our business and help minimize the loss of jobs. We believe these steps are necessary and will required shared sacrifice from the top down and across the FedEx workforce. I’m very confident in our team as it has done many times in the past will do whatever it takes to keep FedEx competitive. I firmly believe we will emerge as a stronger, more vibrant company when the economy improves as I’m sure it will. During the first half of fiscal year ’09 FedEx managed to produce solid financial results primarily due to three factors: A steep decline in fuel prices Gaining additional volume as a result of DHL’s pull out from US domestic market Outstanding customer service delivered by our team members who everyday live our purple promise stated simply, “I will make every FedEx experience outstanding” As we near the conclusion of our busiest time of the year I’d like to take this opportunity to extend my utmost appreciation to our team members around the world for their dedication in going literally and figuratively that extra mile to deliver the holidays to our customers. Earlier this year in anticipation of continued economic weakening, FedEx began a program of cost management activities to minimize job loss and position our company for long term growth. We grounded certain aircraft and reduced flight and labor hours, fuel consumption and maintenance costs. We reconfigured route structures for greater efficiency and productivity.  We instituted a hire freeze on all hiring expect for mission critical positions. We cut discretionary spending and because we believe there should be a strong relationship between pay and corporate performance we eliminated all bonus and variable incentive compensation payouts representing hundreds of millions of dollars in FY09. As we all know, the global economic downturn continues and we are in some degree uncharted territory as uncertainty in the marketplace continues. We cannot predict exactly how it will unfold. The actions that we’re unveiling today are aimed at minimizing loss of jobs in the company and better positioning FedEx for long term and future growth. These measures are expected to reduce costs by an additional $200 million in the remainder of FY09 which ends May 31, and by about $600 million in FY10. Overall our cost reduction efforts should total more than $1 billion in the current fiscal year. The actions that we’re announcing today include permanent reductions in compensation from the top down beginning January 1, 2009. In this regard, my salary will be reduced by 20%. Our other senior executive officers by 7.5% to 10% depending on position and all other officers and United States salaried exempt personnel will take a 5% reduction. We will eliminate merit based salary increases in calendar 2009 for US salaried exempt personnel and we will suspend our 401(k) company matching contributions for a minimum of one year effective February 1, 2009. We will find ways to reduce costs for all the goods and services we buy across the company. We will make purchasing a more strategic activity. We are streamlining and simplifying internal processes within FedEx Services particularly and focus on our Information Technology functions especially. We aim to reduce duplication, overhead and non-essential costs. We’ve reduced capital spending plans for this fiscal year from $3 billion at the start of the year to currently estimate at $2.4 billion for FY09. I’d like to be clear, however, we will not do anything to compromise our outstanding service levels in return for short term gain. In fact, we’re redoubling our efforts to improve on even our high service levels that we’re able to provide our customers today. We’ll continue to balance the need to control spending with the opportunity to make investments with high returns. For example, yesterday, December 17, the first FedEx Express test flight arrived at our new Asia/Pacific hub in Guangzhou, China which will officially open now on February 6. It will be the largest FedEx facility of its kind outside the United States overtaking our large facility even in Paris in Europe and it represents a US $150 million capital investment. It will be the heart of our APAC operations with are integral to our long term growth strategy. Tested time and again FedEx has proved its strength, resilience and ability to successfully adapt. In the FedEx culture we see adversity often as an opportunity to strengthen our competitive advantage. I am highly confident in our business model and our team member’s ability to focus, be strong and give it their best during these challenging times. I can tell you we remain very thankful for their commitment, passion, loyalty and most of all understanding.  As we move forward I am optimistic we will gain market share even in declining markets and add new customers in light of DHL’s decision to pull out from US domestic market. We will continue to position FedEx to take full advantage of market conditions when the economy rebounds and it will rebound at some point I’m quite sure of it. We’ll continue to provide the highest levels of service to our customers, service levels that they have come to expect when the FedEx brand is on the service. Let me remind all of you that procrastinate that there is still time for those last minute shoppers to have their gifts delivered in time for the holidays. In fact, you may ship as late as Tuesday, December 23, for FedEx Express delivery before Christmas.  Before I turn it over to Alan Graf let me digress to say that one of the reasons that we are so confident in our future and in our current situation is because of the hard work put in by Alan and his team and the CFOs at our operating companies over many years to build an extremely strong balance sheet and great liquidity. With that financial strength we enter these challenging times with great confidence. I would now like to turn the floor over to Alan.
Alan Graf: I’ll try to give you a little bit of color on what we saw in the second quarter which was frankly different than what we had expected when we had previously had our first quarter discussion with you; and then give you what little we can say about the second half in terms of our revenue expectations and talk a little bit about our cash flows for the rest of the year. As you know, global economic conditions deteriorated further in the second quarter of fiscal 2009 and continue to negatively impact our revenue and earnings growth rates. We experienced continued softening in demand for our services particularly our FedEx Express and FedEx Freight Services due to declines in industrial production and consumer spending. Shipping volumes for our Transportation segments declined year over year in the second quarter and remain below prior year levels as we began our historical peak shipping season.  Let me give you a little bit of a trend analysis by segment to give you an idea of just how weak the second quarter was. In the first fiscal quarter of 2009 US Domestic Express volumes declined 5% year over year. In the second quarter that number slipped to 8% of the decline year over year. In terms of International Priority at Express we were about flat in the first quarter of fiscal 2009 versus 2008 and that slipped to a decline of 7% in the second fiscal quarter of 2009 versus the previous year. While we had been growing at FedEx Ground in our first fiscal quarter, 4% year over year, we saw a 1% decline in the second quarter year over year. The same story at Freight where our less than truckload shipments had been growing at 4% our first fiscal quarter but declined by 2% in our second fiscal quarter year over year, an accelerating negative volume trend throughout the quarter. In terms of yield we did see weight decreases that were negatively impacting our Domestic Express and IP yields and of course IP yields were further negatively impacted by exchange rates which during the quarter, as a result of the strengthening dollar. Ground yields however were positively impacted by rate increases in extra services performed very well. During the second quarter rapidly declining fuel costs and the timing lag between such declines and adjustments to our fuel surcharges provided substantial offsetting benefits to the decrease in volumes particularly at FedEx Express. The average price of jet fuel during the second quarter of fiscal 2009 was 26% lower than the average during the first quarter of fiscal 2009, while the fuel surcharge only decreased quarter over quarter by a nominal amount. That substantial benefit to our earnings in the second quarter will not continue in the second half. As Fred mentioned in response to weak business conditions we took actions in the first half of fiscal 2009 to lower our cost structure such as eliminating variable compensation payments, implementing a strict hiring freeze, making significant volume related reductions in labor hours and line haul expenses, reducing personnel and facilities at FedEx Freight and FedEx Office. In addition, we have exercised stringent control over discretionary spending. We have rationalized our networks by adjusting routes and equipment types, temporarily idling equipment, consolidating facilities and deferring facility expansions to match current demand levels. Fred detailed the additional actions to further reduce costs that we will be taking in the third quarter. Turning to the outlook, we frankly expect the difficult global economic environment will worsen in the second half of fiscal 2009. We obviously have reduced our earnings forecast accordingly. Weak economic conditions in the US have spread to Europe and Asia and ongoing weak global economic factors are expected to further reduce demand for all of our transportation services in the second half of fiscal 2009. We don’t believe we have reached the bottom of industrial production or consumer spending on a quarter over quarter basis at this point. With the exception of volumes at SmartPost shipping volumes in our third quarter which includes our historical peak shipping season for our package business are expected to be particularly weak and well below prior year levels. While we expect to benefit in the long term from the exit of DHL from the US Domestic market we cannot predict the extent of such additional volumes under present economic conditions. We do not anticipate year over year GDP growth to turn positive until the fourth calendar quarter 2009 at the earliest. We have provided a wide range earnings estimate for the second half of FY09. We have extremely limited visibility as we forecast base volume erosion from weak economic conditions in Express and Ground package traffic offset by increases in that traffic from customers switching to FedEx from DHL and the elasticity at Express of significant lower fuel surcharges. This lack of visibility to revenue combined with the fact that any additional cost reduction we may take beyond those we announced today would only impact the fourth quarter and beyond precludes us from providing a meaningful third quarter forecast. For the remainder of fiscal 2009 we will continue to balance the need to control spending with the opportunity to make investments with high returns such as in substantially fuel efficient Boeing 757 and Boeing 777 Freighters, although we have pushed back our 777 delivery schedule. We will continue to invest in critical long term strategic projects focused on expanding our global networks and broadening our service offerings to position us for stronger growth when economic conditions improve. Lastly, let me point out that our cash flow from operations remains strong and we expect to end the year with a $1.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet even after retiring a $500 million debt maturity in April. With that we will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: Can you talk a little bit about the impact of DHL in terms of which products are you mostly seeing the volumes? You noted in the release and talked about SmartPost, where else are you seeing more versus less of the DHL volumes? Over time what do you see as the pricing potential if you could talk about that from DHL?
Mike Glenn: Clearly DHL decision in the United States has presented a unique opportunity and one that we began planning for many months ago. Early in the stages we saw actually a higher level of ground volume coming on, it seemed to be the first to activate then that balanced itself out and actually skus now are a little bit more towards Express. SmartPost has also benefited significantly as the result of DHL’s decision.  It’s very difficult to predict how this will settle out because our average yield per transaction is much higher than what DHL was carrying the traffic at. It will take some time for us to see how this volume settles in the various modes. I don’t think we’ll have clear visibility to that until after the holidays. We’ll just have to wait and see how the mix of traffic settles out in the various networks because I think that can be skewed to some degree by the holiday and the Christmas season.
Ed Wolfe – Wolfe Research: In the results it seems like your Ground results when you take out fuel feel much better than your Express results. Is that driven by seeing the Ground earlier at DHL or is that just the nature that there are more fixed costs in Express than Ground?
Alan Graf: It’s definitely some of both but mostly the later. As I said, when we talked to you at the end of our first quarter we weren’t expecting the decline accelerations that we saw and the numbers that I mentioned to you on the trends. With the size of the fixed cost network that we have at Express chasing that decline in revenue down with cost reductions takes us longer.  We will get there and as I’ve said we’ve done quite a few things already and we have more levers if we need to pull them. At the same time we don’t want our service levels to do anything but improve which we think is one of the keys for our longer term success. We’re behind at Express in terms of getting our cost structure in line with the amount of revenue that we’re seeing but we will catch back up.
Mike Glenn: Let me respond to your pricing question because I failed to address that. Clearly we see some opportunity here; we’re going to take a very disciplined approach to pursuing this opportunity. It would be very easy to be caught up in volume attainment and market share gains, that’s not the approach that we’re taking. We’re taking advantage of the opportunity and going to make sure that it benefits FedEx Corporation.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus
David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus: Can you first talk about with fuel being so low these days if you’re rethinking potentially hedging?
Alan Graf: No, all we have to do is look at the wreckage of the last year of all the airlines who did and that’s an easy one to answer.
David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus: On the Freight segment if you could talk a little bit of the difference between the national LTL piece and the regional LTL piece and how they fared during the quarter.
Doug Duncan: Both grew market share although the market share gains at the national side are stronger than the ones at the regional side. I think we did very well in the marketplace. The problem is the whole market is chasing declining volumes which is really showing up on the yield side which is where the biggest problems are.
Operator: Your next question comes from Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners: We saw the worst decline in margins in Freight. Is that a function of continuing to try and grow out the infrastructure on the national basis is it more a fixed cost basis than the other businesses, what exactly would you attribute that to?
Doug Duncan: I think its more the industrial economy got hit early. The trucking industry, the freight industry was pressured starting back late ’06 with the housing decline in growth and then as we began to sell fewer cars in this country. The industrial side has put the freight business under pressure for a number of years. We’ve mitigated that because we’ve been growing market share across those years but now you lop the decline in the consumer economy on top of that.  I think the trucking market was weak to begin with and now we’re going into this global recession. I think the yield side of it is really hurting. When you look at our unit cost we’ve kept those roughly in line with the volumes that we’ve seen. The yield is the side of the house that is causing all of the problems.
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners: On the fuel line I certainly know that you got pinched by a larger number than this in recent quarters as fuel was going straight up in the year and your face but my back of the envelope math says there was an after tax $200 million benefit from the falling price of fuel. Is that close or do I need to find a new envelope?
Alan Graf: The language that I gave you was very carefully crafted. I will read it again because I wrote it down. Adjustments to our fuel surcharges provided substantial offsetting benefits to the decrease in volumes. I would say that’s not going to continue with where we are. I will say jet fuel has not declined as much as oil prices have at this point.  There could be a little bit more decline in the price of jet fuel going forward. As far as what’s going to happen with oil prices we believe with the weakness in the economy they’re going to stay at these levels at least during our third quarter. We won’t see that benefit in the third and fourth quarters as we enjoyed in the second quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird
John Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird: Thanks for laying out the progression quarter to quarter. If we look at those numbers is it safe to assume that you left the quarter at a meaningfully lower rate? For instance, since International Priority down 7% for the quarter can you give us any sense for what it was in the last month of the quarter?
Alan Graf: This is one of the things that’s reducing our visibility a bit in that most of our traffic in the various cohorts and modes saw sequential year over year worsening during the second quarter with the exception of SmartPost which has grown straight through the roof because its such a terrific service, oddly enough Domestic Express.  The reason Domestic Express did not have a sequential decline during the quarter is that you have to go back to the previous year and we had a very strong September and fuel prices were still very low and did not start to increase until late September/October timeframe so we had a very tough comp in the month of September year over year, that’s part of it. Secondarily the rumors about DHL and then the announcement by DHL didn’t stimulate volume in September as it did in October and November for Domestic Express particularly November. That didn’t have a sequential decline. As I said in my opening remarks, in December and going in to the second half we just see a lot of weakness.
John Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird: On the International side I know that area is more fixed cost structure than maybe the Domestic Express side but can you talk about some of the cost initiatives you have there to vary it with the volume contraction?
Dave Bronczek: Obviously the drop off in the second quarter for International was very large for us. Our very big network across the globe we’re able to scale it down through line haul reductions without affecting our customer service whether it’s in intra Asia, across the Pacific, across the Atlantic or here in the United States when we’re delivering International packages. We’ve dropped our jet fuel consumption for example by 7%. These are significant numbers for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Jacobs – Ragen Mackenzie
Peter Jacobs – Ragen Mackenzie: Could you start by giving a little bit more color around the decline in volumes in the International Priority business, regions that you might have seen the most pronounced declines? Also, could you talk about if there is any fuel surcharge mechanisms there as well that are similar to what you have in the States?
Dave Bronczek: Primarily Asia/Pacific and US International export back to Asia are the two areas that have the most significant declines. Europe, quite frankly did well for us. The surcharge applies around the world for us at FedEx Express.
Peter Jacobs – Ragen Mackenzie: The yields declined quite a bit in International Priority while they held up in the Domestic and I understand the yields holding up if I understand that right in the Domestic business was a lot due to the timing of the fuel surcharges then you got some benefits there perhaps. The International yields were down pretty good could you help me understand that a little bit.
Dave Bronczek: They’re not down as much…
Alan Graf: International yields improved on an absolute basis year over year but that was largely fuel surcharge. The same is true in US Package there was an absolute increase year over year and that was largely fuel surcharge. Our weaknesses were in rates.
Dave Bronczek: One other component obviously we have much more Domestic International that has a little bit lower overall yield than the intercontinental.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan: I know there’s not a lot of visibility and you’ve given the wide range reflects that but can you give us any kind of broad sense of at the high end and the low end what your volume expectations might be if you talk about Domestic Express volumes or IP volumes just how bad and how good things could be at the two end of the range in any broad terms?
Alan Graf: The range that I’ve given is a low and a high forecast, it’s not a best and a worst. Best and worst would reply certainty that we’re going to hit inside that range and I’m not by any means saying there is certainty that we’re going to hit within that range. Tell me how many packages went through the Wilmington hub at DHL last night and I can give you a better idea of how much of that we’re going to get in the second half as they go out of business in January, that’s number one. Number two, tell me how weak or strong industrial production is going to be in the first calendar quarter of ’09 and that would help. The range is our best guesses of what could be an economy that quits declining so rapidly and more traffic from DHL versus one that continues to decline and we don’t see as much from DHL.
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan: There is I think some concern that as you’ve got the new Congress and the new administration coming in that there would be some of the union friendly legislation would come to the forefront. Obviously you as a very large transport company that’s non-union expect for the pilots would potentially have an increase in unionization risk if some of that legislation gets traction. Can you give a sense of how you view that risk and some of the things that you do that even if that passed that would prevent the risk of unionization in Express or LTL?
Fred Smith: Tell me first what legislation that you’re specifically referring to.
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan: There would be two things that I would think of so presumably the employee free choice would be something that would be brought up again. Then the provision that was put in the prior FA reauthorization about taking Express out of railway labor would be something else potentially that could come up in 2009.
Fred Smith: Let me give a broad brush answer and then ask Christine Richards our General Counsel who also manages our Federal affairs unit under the able leadership of Gina Adams in DC to comment. Regarding card check I think the opposition to card check is so broad and so deep an American industry that all we can do is to say we do not think that is good public policy.  In particular I think the mandatory arbitration provision would be very ill advised particularly at this time where you take the management of a business out of the hands of management and labor who understand the business and put it in the hands of an arbitrator who may or may not understand the business. We strongly oppose it but we are just one of many people in that regard. Under the Railway Labor Act we’ve said repeatedly that it is extremely bad public policy. FedEx Express has been a Railway Labor Act carrier since inception; it was one of the key elements in the formation of the company, the integrated air, ground network. That issue was challenged in court, the ruling in the 9th Circuit Court in California was very clear in the court saying that FedEx Express is exactly the kind of integrated transportation system that Congress intended.  We would hope that that provision would not see the light of day or at the very least if they want to examine the Railway Labor Act they ought to do it in the cold light of day have a bill and have hearings on it and deal with the public policy issues which were developed over 138 years. This is a very long standing issue and why the labor act was put in place and it is certainly not anti-labor because 70% of the people under the Railway Labor Act are represented. We would strongly oppose that. The final thing I’d say before asking Chris to comment, the main thing about FedEx is the fact that we have always had our priorities right and we understand the most important folks in this organization are not the people you’re talking to, they’re the people you deal with everyday out there picking up and delivering our shipments and delivering that purple promise. We’ve tried to do right by our folks to be fair and forthright with them and I hope the actions that we’re taking today demonstrate that as well. We believe that our current focus is correct and obviously the unions have the right to try to organize our folks and it’s their right to decide on that if that’s what they want. We think that our formula for success has been pretty good over the past 35 years. I’ll ask Christine to talk specifically about any legislative issues because she knows them better than I do.
Chris Richards: I think what we anticipate is a broader dialogue particularly with respect to the employee free choice act amongst all of the constituencies that would be impacted by that act as it is considered in the context of the economic times that we’re facing in the US and globally. Any major change or disruption that would potentially negatively impact the ability of employers to move forward with offering jobs and growing their businesses poses a pretty broad risk to the country’s economy at this point in time. We expect the dialogue on that bill to be extremely broad and as Fred said there will be many voices in business who will be pointing out the weaknesses of the bill. As you watch the hearings with the automotive manufacturers you hear a lot of criticism of decisions that management made in the years running up the current situation. Fred is right, mandatory arbitration provision in the employee free choice act would take away from management the ability to make the right decisions and to offer employment packages that ensure the long term stability of companies. An arbitrator who has no vested interest expect as the arbitrator in the matter would be making decisions that could impact the benefits to be received by the employees and more importantly the value to the company and to the shareholders of the enterprise as a long term going concern. That part of the bill is particularly troubling to us. On the Railway Labor Act changes we expect to see the kind of initiatives we have we were fully supportive of having a dialogue and hearings on that matter so that people can better understand why that bill, why that statute is in place to permit entities that run national and international networks to continue to operate those networks without interference by disruption in one particular locale. We hope we can have a situation where we have that dialogue and we look forward to working with people on both sides of the aisle as Congress convenes after the first of the year to move the country forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Nichols – Manning & Napier
Robert Nichols – Manning & Napier: I’m curious what some of the similarities and differences are between what we’re experiencing today versus the early 90’s or back in the early 80’s or 70’s and what you’re doing that is the same and what’s different? What challenges you might be experiencing in that particular downturn?
Fred Smith: I think its been commented upon by many, many people this is obviously the most significant economic challenge that the United States has had certainly in the period of time that I’ve been in business. Simply put it’s a massive de-leveraging. I personally believe that the root cause of this is the fact that the United States in particular has had policies, particularly tax policies in place, which incented the growth in the financial sector at the expense of the industrial sector. The best indication I can give to you that is that in the economic problems in the early 80’s, 25 years or so ago financial activities represented about 15% of the reported profits of US industry. By 2007, it may have been 2006, about 25 years on the financial sector was generating 32% of all profits. The deductibility of interest which incents people to leverage up was probably the ultimate example being the private equity sector while equity is taxed very significantly and capital is taxed very significantly means that the companies that employ the blue collar workforce can invest to the extent that they need to invest.  One of the things that we’ve advocated very strongly in addition to lowering the overall corporate tax rate is to expense capital and that is a policy that President Elect Obama and his team could put in place that has no downside because if you can incent business to invest all you’re doing is to defer the tax and what you do from the industrial sector is you mitigate the risk of making those investments.  I’ve asked scores of CEOs over the last few weeks if such a policy was put in place would in fact they bring forward productivity enhancing or technology based investments that they are deferring just like we are. I said in my comments we’ve reduced our capital from $3 billion to $2.4 billion. If we could make capital investments and get the money back in the year they were made it makes our workforce more productive and about $0.70 on the dollar accrues to the blue collar workforce.  Why am I going into this rather long explanation? Its because unless and until the tax policies of the United States move more towards encouraging industrial activity and away from leveraging either personal or corporate we’re going to have a massive de-leveraging that of course is underway at the moment. How long that takes leads to the uncertainty that both Alan and I mentioned. It is taking place, people are deferring the purchase of automobiles, housing is not being purchased those are the two biggest consumer purchasing decision that people make. It’s going to have to run its course and I don’t think that a stimulus package that simply encourages people to consume or get the check in the mail like the stimulus package last summer may have the intended affect. People may well use that money to continue the de-leveraging process. Stimulation on the industrial front I think has much more potential and again it’s like the sleeves off your vest because if people don’t invest the government loses nothing. Corporate taxes are only about 15% of the revenues the government gets and if we make increased capital investment and get to write it off in the year that its made again its simply a deferral because then the Federal Treasury is a partner in our capital investment from that point forward as long as that investment is made. The only way to make blue collar folks wealthier is an investment in productivity enhancing equipment, the training and the infrastructure that goes to support them. I think that things will definitely turn around. I think the country and the economy will be on much more solid footing when it comes out and of course it’s clear that all of the central bankers have learned the lessons of the Great Depression in that they’re providing great liquidity and great stimulation out there. I just hope the policy makers will remember that it is the industrial sector that provide those high value added jobs and put more focus there and appropriate tax laws.
Operator: Your next question comes from Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: Back to your earlier comments about cost chasing down revenue, if volumes were to stabilize how far behind are you on that the Express unit?
Alan Graf: Not that far. That’s part of the reason the range is so high that if it would stabilize then I think the actions that we’ve taken, or the actions that we would need to take. That will start to catch up. If they continue to deteriorate there’s the likelihood we’ll have to take additional cost actions to chase that. There an underlying amount of economic activity that’s continuing and that requires transportation and so it’s just a question of when that stabilizes is when I could give you a better answer. To put a little color on what’s different this time, this company is so much bigger with so many different operating models and subsidiaries we’re in the retail business at Office. We didn’t have an LTL business the last time we had a severe downturn. We have a wonderful operating model at Ground and Ground while it may not be on a growth plan at the moment it certainly could be, even in this economic environment because the value that’s being provided there is so great. Lastly, we have a wonderful management team and operations out there, they don’t need me to tell them what to do, and they’re already doing it and telling me what they’re doing. That’s one of the great advantages of having long tenured senior management here is they know exactly how to get the costs out and they’re doing it on their own. I’m not just pleased with our cost performance; we just got caught with a faster decline in traffic than we had been planning.
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: Its fair to say then the comments that Fred made with regard to service that if things turn and some day they will you don’t get caught in a situation where you’re chasing to get people added where need to be so that service doesn’t suffer.
Alan Graf: Absolutely, we think when it turns back up its going to be pretty dang rapid because there’s no inventory out there, supply chains and very shortened right now. When the demand goes up we’ll be in a position to perform extremely well. Obviously we lost one of our competitors in the business and I think our service superiority had a lot to do with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Yagerman – Wachovia 
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia : At Freight are there any LTL customers that are coming to you guys right now making contingency plans for large carrier bankruptcies? Are you picking up market share from weaker capitalized players as customers are scared about financial health of some of their carriers out there right now?
Doug Duncan: We’ve been taking market share for quite some time and continue to do so in both our regional network and our national network. Obviously in the national network we are new to the long haul party with an improved value proposition we just had better service than everybody else. We’d been growing market share on that value proposition. I would tell you recently we’ve had an awful lot of customers come to us concerned about the future especially in the long haul sector. I think we picked up quite a bit of market share because people are nervous about what’s going on in the market. I think that’s also occurring in the regional market which is why we continue to grow market share there as well. I think both things are working in our favor. As you know, the LTL business is a pretty fragmented business, we have lots of competitors and I think its highly likely that capacity will come out of this industry because as I said before this industry has been under pressure for two years now. If that happens I think we’re well positioned to help customers out and between the service that we provided and the brand of FedEx I think we’ve positioned ourselves to be the first call made when somebody gets concerned about supply chain disruptions.
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia : Can you give us what the oil estimate is that’s in for crude as a price per barrel that’s in your current guidance? Along those lines you guys have been on the forefront of giving discounts on fuel surcharges in a few of your divisions is there any thought given the lower fuel environment that we’re in currently and the challenging yield environment that we’re in currently to potentially taking back some of those discounts and being more market rate in terms of where you are on fuel surcharges competitively.
Alan Graf: I did mention in my opening comments one of the things that we’re looking at is the elasticity if there is any at Domestic Express for these rapidly declining fuel surcharges which right now are going to be at most 2% in February. I noticed oil is trading at $38 and change at the moment. We have a higher number than that in our outlook but it’s not enough to make a material difference at the moment. As far as pricing goes, believe me, its very complex, it’s very fungible and since it’s so hard I’m going to let Mike answer it.
Mike Glenn: Let me state on the front end that our sales team has done a wonderful job in managing the fuel surcharge and I’m very proud of their efforts in that regard. They’ve been very disciplined in their approach and we have an extremely high attainment rate of the fuel surcharge. Having said that, there are some instances in dealing with some customers where it’s in FedEx’s benefit to discount the base rate versus the fuel surcharge and vice versa so we look at every one of those to ensure what is in the best interest of FedEx Corporation long term. Our attainment rate of the fuel surcharge is quite high so we’ve done a very good job in that regard.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Longson – Morgan Stanley
Adam Longson – Morgan Stanley: Can you give us a sense of where capacity utilization sits now in the Domestic air network and how much you could really rationalize out of that without affecting service?
Dave Bronczek: We’re pulling down capacity in the United States; we’re rationalizing our capacity to our volumes here in the United States. Of course have an ability to quickly move the network back up if we needed to. We’re watching it carefully; we’re adjusting our costs with our revenue. Of course the wild card in it is when International pops back up into our US networks again. We’re managing it very carefully.
Alan Graf: We’ve got plenty of room over Christmas if you need to buy those last second gifts.
Adam Longson – Morgan Stanley: As strange as this sounds are there any assets out there that are now much cheaper to acquire that you once decided against maybe acquiring for price reasons?
Fred Smith: Let me reiterate what I said before Alan took over, we have a very strong balance sheet and when times are bad they’re always great opportunities that come up. As I mentioned we look at this to some degree as a huge opportunity. I can’t think of anything right off the top of my head that I’d be willing to talk to you about. We have the balance sheet to do whatever were to arise.  You’re question did bring something into mind that I don’t think that people have quite appreciated about FedEx and hopefully it’s being demonstrated now. Over many, many years we have built a system which can flex both ways. Part of the way we’ve done that is to have a huge part of our compensation certainly at the management level to be variable in nature. We clearly have personally experienced that to the benefit of the corporation and I said in my remarks that’s as it should be. Our personnel systems out in the field going back to Art Hatfield’s comments in all of our operating companies allow us to flex up and down. Sometimes not quite as fast as we would like on the down side but we certainly can flex up on the up side with no risk to service. As I said in my remarks and Alan mentioned in his that’s something that we would not put at risk. We’re running at the highest service levels we ever have and intend to improve them even further. The other thing is we’ve managed our asset structure and our network design which allows us to flex things. In our air fleet, for instance, we buy some new airplanes, we buy some used airplanes. We plan to have airplanes that are in the fleet that are fully depreciated or nearly fully depreciated so that we can flex them and that’s what Dave is doing in his operation right now. We can go one way or another we have lost of cost labor still to come if need them as Alan mentioned but its because we built them in over a long period of time. Hopefully people are recognizing that now. I’m very proud of the way we’ve built up that capability and again worked so hard to build a strong balance sheet which makes these troubling times to be sure, as was mentioned a moment ago an opportunity as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Chase – Barclays Capital
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital: I wondering if you could maybe give us a sense is there any way to size what kind of volume were you expecting when you sized the network for this quarter? You noted the deceleration month over month and obviously we can see the numbers quarter over quarter. What level were you prepared for and how much did volume disappoint you factually in the fiscal second quarter?
Alan Graf: I don’t know if it was disappointing. We’re in the same boat as everyone else with the weakening economy. As we’ve said, we are taking market share even in the declining market across the board. We’ve got some great stories. I think the Ground numbers are terrific; SmartPost is growing unbelievably and is an unbelievable service. In that regard I don’t know that we’re disappointed. What we’re doing is comparing as all great companies do to come out on the other side stronger and better and more nimble competitor than we were going in. While we temporarily parked a few more airplanes and deferred some CapEx and reduced hours and all those kinds of things it’s more of that than we otherwise would have. We’ll have to see how we come out in the first couple of weeks of January as DHL completely shuts down their operation and whether some of the stimulus things in Washington start to take hold with 0% funds rate and all that to see where we are. As I said, we did hit our range that we gave you at the end of the first quarter but it was because we had a large benefit from fuel that offset the decline that we saw in our revenue.
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital: Given a new volume reality you’ve announced the new round of cost reductions so you’re saying that you’re taking additional action because volumes have changed. Is it safe to say that when you were first looking and planning your network for the fiscal second quarter you were anticipating a volume level that was more consistent with what you had in the fiscal first?
Alan Graf: We were anticipating we were going to have some year over year declines at Express but not to the extent that we had. As Fred mentioned we are able to flex down we just can’t catch up in the immediate quarter and very near term. An important point that Fred made is that some of these actions that we’re taking here on the compensation front across the board are to preserve jobs and keep our service levels high so that we have those well trained people in place and when this turns we’re in a better position than everybody else.
Gary Chase – Barclays Capital: Can I ask you to quickly clarify you say $200 million in savings this year, $600 million next in 2010. Is the $600 million incremental to the $200 million, in other words is it an $800 million run rate is it $600 million?
Alan Graf: The $600 million would be more of annualized number the $200 million is basically the impact to the second half. The $600 million is an incremental to the well over $1 billion that we’ve already reduced. On the downside we have other levers we can pull. On the upside I think we’re really well positioned if we get one.
Operator: Your next question comes from Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont
Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Your pension contribution can you address how the changes you’re making and the cost reductions and the changes in the market will affect contributions for fiscal ’09 calendar year?
Alan Graf: We have, as you know, on May 31 measurement date on the balance sheet. We’ll just have to see what market conditions are at that point in terms of what the discount rate for our liabilities would be, what the market value of assets will be and any other changes that we may or may not make to the plan. That will then determine what our contributions and expense are in fiscal ’10. We made almost $0.5 billion of contributions this year and anticipate no further contributions to the plan. Remind everybody that we are a very young company and the demand on our pension plan on a monthly basis from a cash flow standpoint is basically immaterial to the size of the plan. It’s strongly funded from that standpoint.
Helane Becker – Jesup & Lamont: Are there any non-cash charges you would have to take or that you’ll talk about in the second quarter 10-Q as a result of the reductions you’re making, the $1 billion?
Alan Graf: We are having no impairment or non-cash charges in the second quarter.
Operator: That does conclude our Q&A session for today. I’ll turn the call back over to you Mr. Foster.
Mickey Foster: Thank you very much for your participation on the FedEx second quarter earnings conference call. Please feel free to call anyone in the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-09-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster – Head, Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman, President and CEO Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and CFO Mike Glenn - Executive Vice President, Market Development and Corporate Communications Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO Dave Bronczek - President and CEO of FedEx Express Dave Rebholz - President and CEO of FedEx Ground Doug Duncan, President and CEO of FedEx Freight
Analysts: Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners Peter Jacobs – Wells Fargo David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus Gary Chase – Lehman Brothers John Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets William Greene – Morgan Stanley John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Company Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research
Operator: Welcome to the FedEx Corporation first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster.
Mickey Foster: The earnings release and the 25 page stat book are on our website at FedEx.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay and Podcast download will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer session callers will be limited to one question and a follow up so we can accommodate all those who would like to participate.  I would like to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to our press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the investor relations portion of our website at FedEx.com for a reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.  Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO, Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO, Mike Glenn, Executive Vice President, Market Development and Corporate Communications, Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Rob Carter, Executive Vice President, FedEx Information Services and CIO, David Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express, David Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground, and Doug Duncan, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. Now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter followed by Alan Graf. After Alan, we will have questions and answers.
Fred Smith: Thank you for joining our conference call highlighting FedEx’s financial performance during the first quarter of fiscal year ’09. As everyone now knows global economic conditions are challenging. FedEx is taking strong proactive actions to manage through this difficult cycle, however. We’re committed to implementing strategies that will improve profits by reducing expenses, enhancing the customer experience, gaining market share and ensuring the long term success of our company. As I recently shared with FedEx team members and share owners around the world, I’m confident we will weather the current storms successfully and emerge even stronger, just as we did in 1979, 1990, 1991, after the dot com meltdown of 2000 and after 9/11. FedEx has all the ingredients for profitable long term financial performance. We have a strong and sound business strategy. We have precise planning. We have outstanding execution and most important of all we have a great team committed to making every customer experience outstanding. We’re especially reminded of our team member’s dedication to serving our customers and those in need during the recent storms that struck the Southeastern United States. In close cooperation with the American Red Cross, a total of 80,000 family packs and food kits were sorted, packed by volunteers and loaded aboard two donated FedEx aircraft for special delivery. Eight skids of aid were airlifted to Memphis and trucked to Baton Rouge and Hattiesburg following Hurricane Gustav. I want to thank the team for this any many other outstanding efforts in response to the recent hurricanes.  As FedEx faces today’s especially tough economic challenges we’ll continue to hold the line on costs across all segments. This includes lowering variable incentive compensation, controlling discretionary spending and limiting staff. We intend to continue to increase productivity through innovation and re-engineering. As one direct result for example, jet fuel consumption is down more than 5% for the quarter. We aim to continue to lower overhead costs and achieve greater efficiencies through more collaborative management. During the first fiscal quarter we were able to lower our capital spending forecast for fiscal 2009 by $400 million from about $3 billion to $2.6 billion. Should the economic downturn become more pronounced we stand ready to take additional actions to control costs. I want to emphasize, however, that we will not compromise our outstanding service levels or customer experience or take actions that will negatively impact our long term future. We, in this regard, will not sacrifice opportunities to make investments with high returns such as the substantially more fuel efficient Boeing 757 which are now entering our fleet and the Boeing 777 long range aircraft that we will begin to get next year. The 757 provides 25% more capacity per flight while improving fuel efficiency by 36% compared to the aircraft it replaces. Similarly the 777 trader provides greater payload, range capacity while using 18% less fuel than current long range aircraft in the FedEx International fleet. We’ll continue to invest in long term strategic projects that expand and improve our global network to better serve our customers. In this regard, since January FedEx Freight has cut transit times in more than 2,800 service lanes in the United States, extending its leadership in the next and second day LTL freight market. Also in calendar 2008 FedEx Ground has improved transit times by one or more days between more than 41,000 zip code payers. FedEx Ground provided the fastest ground service to more businesses in the United States. In October, FedEx Express will launch FedEx Express Nacional a domestic next business day service across Mexico, one of the fastest growing markets in the Express industry and a key part of FedEx International grown and profitability. This is the first FedEx domestic service in Latin America and follows recent domestic offering in China, India, and the United Kingdom. Earlier this month FedEx Express launched a new Airbus A310 flight to Vietnam to meet that countries increasing demand for reliable time definite express services. In addition, FedEx Express upgraded our next business day delivery service from Europe to major US East Coast cities. Customers who had two business day services now can reach more than 3,500 zip codes on the East Coast overnight from virtually anywhere in Western Europe. FedEx offers the broadest coverage for next day business service from Europe to the Eastern United States now. In short, we believe we have the people, the plan and the resolve that will put FedEx in an excellent position to take full advantage of global economic conditions as they improve. Now Alan Graf our Chief Financial Officer will make some comments.
Alan Graf: Earlier this morning we reported earnings of $1.23 per share for the first quarter ended August 31, as we pre-announced last week compared to $1.58 per share a year ago. Our overall revenues increased 8% to $9.97 billion led by higher fuel surcharges, 4% higher FedEx Ground average daily volumes and 4% higher FedEx Freight average daily shipment. For the first quarter our results were negatively impacted by the continued weak US economy which is of course being affected by ongoing high fuel prices, a significant contraction in consumer spending and a very tough pricing environment. Looking at our segments and starting with Express, FedEx Express segment revenues increased 9% in the first quarter primarily due to yield increases driven by increases in fuel surcharges. These yield increases were partially offset by decreased volumes in US Domestic package and Freight services as the weak US economy and persistently higher fuel prices and the related impact on our fuel surcharges have reduced demand for these services and pressured based yields. The price per gallon of jet fuel in the first quarter fiscal ’09 increased 77% versus last years first quarter average. US Domestic Express yields increased 13% although base yields excluding the fuel surcharge increased less than 1%. Package volumes declined 5%. International Priority revenues increased 12% with yields up 14%. Fuel surcharge and exchange rate benefits provided 13 of the 14 percentage point increase in yield. International Priority volumes were flat due to a softening in all major regions of the global economy, most notably Asia/Pacific and US outbound. Cost containment activities combined with lower variable incentive compensation partially mitigated a negative impact of these factors on our operating results. Key cost containment activities during the quarter included reductions in flight and labor hours, reductions in fuel consumption and maintenance costs, freezes in hiring for most open positions. In addition, we continue to exercise stringent control over discretionary spending such as travel, entertainment and professional fees. FedEx Express will increase shipping rates by an average of 6.9% for US and US Export Services effective January 5, 2009. The rate increase will partially offset by adjusting the fuel price at which the fuel surcharge begins, reducing the fuel surcharge by two percentage points. Now turning to Ground, FedEx Ground segment revenues increased 9% during the first quarter due to yield and volume growth partially offset by one fewer operating day. Average daily volumes at FedEx Ground increased 4% due to the continued growth of our FedEx home delivery service and increased commercial business resulting with market share gains. FedEx Ground segment operating income was modestly higher as revenue growth and other operating expenses offset higher fuel prices in a competitive pricing environment. At Ground, fuel costs increased 118% primarily due to a significant increase in the average price per gallon of diesel fuel. Rent expense increased 19% due to higher spending on facilities associated with our continuing multi-year capacity expansion plan. Purchased transportation costs increased 13% as the result of higher rates paid to our independent contractors and increased fuel supplement costs. Ground continues to improve its already high service level and speed up significant numbers of lanes we continue to invest in the customer experience. Look at our Freight segment, FedEx Freight segment revenues increased 10% during the first quarter due to higher less than truckload yields and shipment growth again partially offset by one fewer operating day. Less than truckload yield increased 5% due to higher fuel surcharges despite the 25% rate reduction implemented in July 2007 and a very tough pricing environment base yields declined. Fuel costs at Freight increased 58% due to an increase in the average price per gallon of diesel fuel. During the first quarter average daily less than truckload shipments increased 4% resulting from market share gains despite the weak US economy and again a competitive pricing environment. FedEx Freight segment operating income and operating margin decreased due to the fuel surcharge rate reduction implemented in July 2007 and as I mentioned earlier higher purchased transportation costs. Now let’s discuss guidance for a moment, we expect our results throughout the remainder of fiscal 2009 to continue to be constrained as we expect no improvement in the US economy in the near term and a continued slow down in the global economy. We expect earnings to be $1.40 to $1.60 per diluted share in the second quarter compared to $1.54 a year ago. For the full year we are reaffirming our earnings estimate of $4.75 to $5.25 per diluted share which reflects weaker global macro economic conditions. Home price declines, lower construction starts, deteriorating credit market conditions and the lingering impact of Hurricane Ike will restrain the US economy and the rising US dollar until at least very recently may negatively impact exports. This guidance incorporates oil prices of approximately $95 per barrel and the related impact on fuel surcharges which of course are reducing demand for our services and adversely affecting base rates across the companies transportation segments. We will continue to have cost management initiatives in place across all segments including controlling discretionary spending and severely restricting staffing. CapEx has been reduced to $2.6 billion as Fred mentioned and we will continue to balance deferring capital while continuing to invest strategically in growing service lines, expanding our global networks and broadening our service offerings to position us for strong growth and better economic times. We will not compromise our outstanding service levels or take actions that negatively impact the customer experience in exchange for short term expense and capital reductions. Our balance sheet remains strong, we have plenty of liquidity and we will be cash flow positive for fiscal ’09. Now let me open the call to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan.
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: When we think about the global economic situation and I hear what you’re saying regarding guidance, are you guys saying that you’re seeing the US being more stable and then you’re seeing the rest of the world slow down as maybe a lag to where the US is now. If so, what kind of time lag have you seen in that slow down with the rest of the world? What would be your expectations if you even have any with regard to growth as the US comes out how far the rest of the world would lag behind the US?
Fred Smith: About a year ago this time as I recall I gave an interview to the Financial Times and the focus of the interview was has the world disconnected from the US economy. At the time there was a theory out there that the growth in Euro land and Asia centered around China was no longer directly related to the United States to the extent that it had been. My response to that question was that that was nonsense that the rest of the world would definitely follow the United States if our economy went south. Of course I take no pride in the fact that the forecast I gave was correct. The world has slowed down particularly in Europe. Asia is still growing because of the emerging China economy, the Entra Asia market in particular. Of course we’re very happy that this December we opened up our major new Asia/Pacific hub in Guangzhou which we’re going to show all of you that can come to the Investor and Lenders Meeting. China still continues to grow but at a lower rate. The world is in the midst of a slow down which was led by the United States. We obviously have gone into a new realm on all these credit problems but people sometimes forget there’s the industrial economy and there’s the simple economy or the financial sector. The two while they’re higher related in many ways they also beat to a different drummer in many respects as well.
Mike Glenn: We actually have taken our GDP forecast on a quarter over quarter basis downward in the third calendar quarter of ’08 and the fourth calendar ’08 and are now looking at a GDP forecast for calendar ’09 of $1.9. We expect to see a similar economic forecast through calendar ’09. Certainly continued below trend economic activity as it relates to GDP here in the US and its difficult at this point to really see how the international economies are going to respond to that.  As Alan mentioned we’re not expecting any increase in global economic activity in the near term we actually see more pressure there and certainly more of the same here in the US.
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: Is there anything outside of FedEx that you’re optimistic about?
Fred Smith: I think the Redskins are going to do great this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners: If you could lay out for me maybe your top three, top five, cost saving project and help us walk through how much they’re affecting margin and what the nominal dollar savings are and explain to us how you’re managing those so that you don’t inhibit your future growth prospects when the cycle does turn back in your favor.
Alan Graf: I’m probably not the most popular guy inside FedEx Corporation these days but I can tell you that we have a great team of cost managers. All of our team mates have been educated on the situation where we are, high fuel prices. I noticed that oil is back over $100 this morning, weakening economic environment and we need to stay very focused on our service levels but also we need to stay very focused on our costs.  We’ve got a lot of levers that we pulled; I think we’ve talked to you several times about our incentive compensation programs which have been very significantly curtailed. We are not replacing any staff at all unless it’s an operational or sales necessity. We are managing our hours and our flat hours down significantly, Fred mentioned 5% less fuel consumption year over year at Express. It’s completely across the board. I’m very proud of what we’ve been able to do. I think we’re doing very well in a very bad environment. We will continue to do that but there is no one thing, it is everything that we’re doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Jacobs – Wells Fargo.
Peter Jacobs – Wells Fargo: Could you break out the International priority business growth in Asia? I’m trying to understand the dynamics globally when I look at the zero growth that you saw in that business but what particularly what were you seeing in Asia. Related to that could you talk about the competitive environment that you’re seeing in Asia and China now and how you put that in context with the growth rates that you’re seeing there.
Dave Bronczek: In the Asia market of course the electronic business has been soft. I think that’s no surprise to anyone. I should put a little color around the fact that on the flat volume growth and obviously the yield growth that was mentioned before 12% we had one less operating day around the world. In China, because of how the days fell we had two less operating days. That coupled with the fact that we had two less days on top of that because of Typhoons there. That’s slowed down some of the growth there. The good news is on our Domestic Chinese front the volumes have been growing very nicely there along with the rest of the Domestic International businesses around the world. You have to put a little bit of that into context of what’s happening and the way the days have fallen this quarter for China. Don’t forget that the Olympics, the Para Olympics are going on now, of course. The Olympics at the end of the first quarter also slowed some of the shipping and some of the volume down.
Mike Glenn: The competitive situation in China really resembles the competitive situation on a global basis. Our two primary competitors UPS and DHL are very active as we are but we have a very differentiated value proposition with the number of flights in and out of China and the continued expansion of our Domestic service. We feel quite good about where we sit and the value proposition that we offer in the market but it is a competitive market.
Peter Jacobs – Wells Fargo: If you had a normalized for the last days both from the Typhoon and the one or two less operating days if you had notionally adjust that what do you think your International Priority volume growth might have been? Are we talking still low single digits or do you think it could have been plus 5%?
Mike Glenn: There’s no question that we would have had volume growth higher than what we have shown. Probably low single digits would be correct. We had IP mix in there as well. We had some shifting of our volume to IPFS which you probably have seen grew 14%. Not unlike the United States people have mode shifted a little bit as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus.
David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus: A question on the Freight side, if you could talk a little bit about volume trends for the quarter. The other LTLs were saying that June was particularly and July was pretty good but that August fell off significantly. If you could talk about what you’re seeing on that side and how September has been to date.
Doug Duncan: Actually our volume if you look at our shipment growth June and August were very similar. July was unusually strong. To come out with 4% volume growth in a declining LTL market we’re pretty pleased with those volumes. September began to echo August but now with the softness due to the Hurricanes and the shut downs in Texas and Ohio it’s hard to get a good read on it at the moment.
David Ross – Stifel Nicolaus: The shipment growth is very good, most of the other LTLs are also reporting increased average weight per shipment as maybe some truckload overflow freight has gone into their networks plus customers are downsizing multiple shipments into fewer shipments with larger weights. Are you seeing significant increase in average shipment size or is there other things like the haul is impacting your mix?
Doug Duncan: We don’t really divert our assets to truckload usage. We’re actually growing on our LTL market which is what the fleet is for. You won’t find the truckload mix inside of our company the way you do at some of the others. That 1% weight per shipment increase that we showed is a real increase in shipment size.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gary Chase – Lehman Brothers.
Gary Chase – Lehman Brothers: I’m wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on you’ve been talking a bit about IP growth it was flat in the quarter. As you look forward and you think about the guidance should we be thinking that the thought process around volume there is similar, flattish results through the remainder of the year, do you think it will be down or back into positive territory looking forward?
Alan Graf: I think Dave alluded to it a little bit. We’re frankly expecting very similar IP results on a year over year basis the next couple of quarters which is flat to perhaps down a bit. We will see some International Express Freight and International Priority Freight service and our distribution services probably take some of that as people down gauge a bit. We’ll be very close to flat or maybe down a bit but we still believe that because we have such an outstanding service that we won’t see anything like what we’ve seen in the Domestic Express.
Gary Chase – Lehman Brothers: Historically you’ve talked to the growth in International and the incremental margins there it’s been one of the big stories behind the Express margin gains looking backward. How should we think about that in an environment where we’re flattish, how are you managing that? If it does turn a little bit negative should we think the incremental margin is just as powerful to the down side or can you mitigate it.
Alan Graf: We can mitigate that, that’s in our outlook for the year. If it’s the next couple of quarters I’m talking about that’s a short term phenomenon. Over the long run it’s still the driver of our value proposition. We have by far the best networks out there and we’re going to continue to invest in them and expand them. We just put in the East Coast special which Dave can talk about a little bit which has been very high demand for. While we may see a little bit because of the economy here in the next couple quarters, in the long run it’s still going to be the driving factor for our value proposition.
Dave Bronczek: We’re actually adding capacity where we think we have some incremental opportunities, the European late night sort back into the East Coast. We’re reviewing other opportunities there as well. Vietnam, Mexico, Canada we’re adding flights, upgrading flights into Canada as well. One of the things that Alan pointed out that I mentioned earlier is some of our traffic you would see in our IP volume growth has just shifted to our International economy and our IPFS service. We’re growing very healthy in both of those areas there. As soon as the economy turns a little bit around we’re expecting a nice bounce back there.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird.
John Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird: On the fuel side are there any parts of the company where fuel is actually a negative outside of the demand, I’m thinking more on the expense side given how fast fuel surcharges come down or was it pretty much a positive across the board year over year?
Alan Graf: The biggest factor is of course Express where we’re about 295 million gallons a quarter of jet fuel. It dwarfs fuel everywhere else. That was a positive year over year for us in the first quarter because of the decline towards the end of the first quarter. It will also be a positive assuming as I said fuel barrel prices stay the same here in the second quarter. In the long run it all evens out and so positive in the first and second quarter and then we’ll see about the second half.
John Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird: On the pricing side, can you comment how that looks in the Domestic Express side and how you would compare that to maybe previous cycles?
Mike Glenn: If you look at the second calendar quarter year over year change in the average revenue per package for our primary competitor excluding the fuel surcharge you actually see a decline of approximately 5% to 6% in the Express segment and a slight increase of less than 1.5% on the Ground segment. This compares to FedEx fiscal Q1 year over year increase in average revenue per package again excluding the fuel surcharge of almost 1% in the Express segment and over 2% on the Ground segment. Even with the difference in timing it would appear that they’re taking a more aggressive pricing stance than FedEx. However, we continue to take volume and revenue market share in the Express and Ground segments and are confident that our revenue management strategy is working and certainly yielding the proper balance between volume and revenue growth so we’ll continue along that path.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan.
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan: I wanted to ask you one question on the guidance then I have a follow up on margin side. I think the second quarter guidance looks a little better than what the street was expecting and you’re keeping the full year range do you think that the second quarter just maybe looks a little better due to the fuel benefit or do you think that there’s maybe some conservatism in your full year number and perhaps just related to lack of visibility on volumes.
Alan Graf: Obviously I’ve missed three quarterly ranges in a row so my previous track record has been destroyed by the volatility of fuel and the economic environment changes which are happening so rapidly. I have less and less confidence over the very short term about these ranges. I’m still very positive about where I know we’re going to be in the long run. What we’re saying in the guidance is that we’re doing a little bit better in the first and second quarter because of the decline in fuel but we see a continuing weakening global economy.  The fact is that we’ll probably see a little bit weaker overall revenue now than we did three months ago so that’s why we kept the year the same. We’ll see again when we talk again in three months about where everything is going because it’s very difficult to judge. We talk to a lot of our customers, they tell us what their plans are, and we feel pretty comfortable about the second quarter after that it’s a little hazy for us.
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan: On the Ground margin the deterioration in the Ground margin was pretty moderate compared to pressure on the Ground margins it was a lot more significant the last few quarters. Is this a one time thing where you had less legal costs in the quarter or are the cost measures in Ground sustainable and we’d probably see a little better Ground performance the next couple quarter than we had seen the prior couple quarters?
David Rebholz: Alan made a mention earlier that fuel certainly impacted us and frankly in a direct sense our surcharges did not cover our costs but its deminimus compared to Express. Having said that, purchased trans was a key driver for us and really when you look at purchased transportation between the volume increases, the rate we pay and the increased fuel associated with that purchased trans which is a function of growth is really the big highlight in the numbers. Associated with that are some of the costs associated with the expansion of our multi-work area or the rate we’re paying contractors which is now up to roughly 60% our multi-work area contracts. In terms of cost controls and other cost aspects we feel very confident and to your point about legal, the first quarter of last year had some unusual and significant legal expenses that we accrued and that did not occur in this quarter as we’re managing those costs as well.  I’m fairly confident going forward on the cost containment it comes again back to this whole economic environment that we’re dealing with and the growth opportunities that may or may not exist.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: Can I get a clarification, you keep mentioning that if fuel stays where it is, what number did you use throw into those estimates, but my question really is on the Domestic International saw phenomenal strength, can you comment on is that just acquisition related or are you really seeing that level of growth in China and other places?
Alan Graf: We factored in there for the second quarter a $95 per barrel price. It’s anybody’s guess where it’s going to be. Bouncing around again today as it always does. As far as our International Domestic business, yes they’re growing. China is improving a lot, it’s not as fast as we would like and the yields aren’t quite as good as we would like but it’s certainly improving although albeit a little slower rate. In FedEx UK our service levels are unbelievable, that team is doing a great job that was a great acquisition, we’re excited about that. That’s a very strong point for us.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: On price, do you find yourself in this environment using core price, it sounded like you said before if you ‘x’ out all the fuel pure pricing maybe in some of those categories would have been up 1%. Is there any area where you find you’re getting more aggressive on price? I remember that you used to say that we’d look to use it on IP we’ve gotten margin where we want we’re willing to use price more aggressively to get the volumes. In the down turn have you felt yourself moving toward that level yet?
Alan Graf: As you look at International Priority the yields were up substantially and some of that was fuel surcharge but an awful lot of that was also exchange rate and base rates. That’s a terrific story. It’s a little tougher in the US on Ground and Domestic Express.
Mike Glenn: We certainly have a very disciplined revenue management process which involves input from the finance organization as well as the operating companies. Certainly when there’s an opportunity to benefit the companies bottom line we will take a more aggressive stance on individual opportunities as we’ve talked about in the past. We just have to look at those on case by case basis and again look at where it will benefit FedEx Corporation.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets.
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets: I wanted to ask a question on the launch of FedEx Nacional in Mexico I thought that that was an interesting timing. Are you guys seeing more near sourcing opportunities that’s driving that decision to enter the Mexico market, are customers leading you there because manufacturing has gotten a little bit cheaper there with the transport costs of bringing things in from further away? Can you talk a little bit about that initiative and why the timing is now in that market?
Dave Bronczek: You’re correct. We’re seeing a lot of companies asking us to consolidate their domestic shipping along with their cross border shipping. Juárez, Mexico into El Paso, Texas has been a spectacularly successful for us along with other border crossing from Mexico into the United States. There’s a very nice opportunity for us to continue to grow very much like Canada, in fact its growing faster than Canada at the moment.  We would have probably gotten into this market a little bit earlier if we could have. The timing is just that this all worked out for us right now. We’re very optimistic for the Mexican market, bundling our opportunities there into the United States and Canada.
Justin Yagerman – Wachovia Capital Markets: I’m curious as the rationale behind lowering the fuel surcharge on FedEx Express when looking at the rate increase was obviously hefty. I’d be curious to get a sense of what you guys think retention will be like on that rate increase and how much of your customer base it’s applied to. Also, given the volatility we’ve seen in fuel why you would take away some of the fuel surcharge recovery there; it’s something I was a little curious about in this environment.
Mike Glenn: The January 2009 Express rate increase announced today is consistent with our January 2008 rate increase and like last years partially offset by the 2% reduction in the fuel surcharge. When the fuel surcharge was put in place obviously average barrel prices were substantially lower than they are today so we think it’s important to over time reset that fuel surcharge more consistent with average barrel prices that we’re seeing in today’s environment. This is a trend that we have been following the last several years and anticipate continuing to do so in the future. Regarding what percentage of the business is actually affected by the rate increase. Over 75% of the Express revenue base will see the increase in the January timeframe with other customers being impacted throughout the year based upon contract anniversary dates and we have a very high retention rate for our rate increases at Express and Ground somewhere in the neighborhood of 70%.
Operator: Your next question comes from William Greene – Morgan Stanley.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: Can I ask you to just follow up a little bit on the pricing comment you just made, why are we being challenged on base rates now given what fuel has done if you have such high retention on big list rate increases?
Mike Glenn: You’re going to have to repeat the question I’m not sure I understood what you were…
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: You just said that you have a strong history of pushing through these rate increases and a retention of roughly 70% and yet the base rate increases that have been referenced in the press release today are much lower and Alan talked about yield increases of more like 1% ‘x’ fuel surcharge. I’m not clear why you’re feeling pressure on base rates but you’ve got such high retention list rate increases?
Alan Graf: You’ve got to look hard at our mix. When we talk about a 5% decline look hard at box and you’ll see some of that. We’re giving you overall yield numbers not individual ones. That’s part of it. Secondarily, Mike’s talking about historically, he’s not talking about the current environment that we’re in.
Mike Glenn: I think Alan’s points are right, the customer mix is an important issue when you’re seeing economic conditions like they are today you see a down trade from overnight to deferred, deferred to Ground and all of that has a big impact on the rate environment and the volume mix as well. All those factors come into play but we’ve been able to retain a high degree of the rate increase in the past. We’re comfortable with the amount of the rate increase that we’ve announced again partially offset by a 2% reduction in the fuel surcharge.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: If I look at the Express business and we think about how it evolves during an economic cycle do you think of it as leading or lagging? If we think about this down turn given what you’ve done on Ground and how much you’ve improved the service there is it possible that the rebound in Express would be more muted going forward?
Mike Glenn: It’s very difficult to project what the rebound is going to be. I clearly believe that some customers will see that Ground is a viable alternative for their supply chains going forward. It’s quite possible that we will not see the rebound that we’ve seen in years past. Our value proposition in the Domestic Express and Global Express market is outstanding and where customers need that type of service we feel comfortable we’ll see the positive impact when the economic situation improves. A lot of the volume impact has been related to a decline in documents in the financial markets and things of that nature so you really have to take that mix issue into consideration when looking at the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: I know you’ve cut your CapEx budget but as far as spending priority are you reallocating CapEx from Express to Ground or what projects are getting the highest priority?
Alan Graf: Clearly as we said earlier International expansion at Express is getting very high priority as is the continued growth at Ground and Freight. We are growing those businesses and it’s a significant amount of packages and a significant amount of weight which requires holes and terminals and back doors and everything else. We’re putting it at the highest priority and the highest ROIs for the projects that we can see giving us the nearest term benefit. Having said that, about half our CapEx in fiscal ’09 is aircraft at Express as we mentioned many times the 757 and 777 and Fred had that in his opening comments are very important pieces of equipment for us going forward. We’re not going to back off of those any. We’re at $2.6 which is about 10% lower than last year even though volumes are not that much lower I think we’re doing very good of managing our CapEx. As I said, we’ll be cash flow positive this year.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: On those planes, the 777s are you replacing existing fleet with those is there the risk if global demand keeps falling off could you get too much capacity in some of your International lanes in the short term or are you pulling older planes out as those come on?
Mike Glenn: The 777s will be International; they are not replacing any planes. International continues to grow. We’re confident that we’ll need all of those planes and looking to Boeing for more in the future. If there’s any airplanes that we’re looking at shorter term would be here in the United States that we would be parking, for example.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Company.
David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Company: Related to China I see where their imports were down in August from July do you think that represents the big slow down there in that country. What do you expect; don’t you think that can be pulled back up in September, October?
Mike Glenn: We think it’s the Olympics primarily. There were a lot of controls put in place, customs and at borders and so forth. We think the majority of it was the Olympics.
Alan Graf: Having said that I will tell you that our big strong powerful electronics customers are not shipping as much with us this year as last year nor do we expect them to during the second quarter. That’s simply a fact of life about the US economy right now. That’s also having an impact on APAC.
Operator: Your last question comes from Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research: It feels like there’s been a move consistently from air to ground because of oil prices and the weak economy. To come out with a 6.9% Express increase now at this time when you’ve been talking about pricing being difficult probably I’m guessing will send more people to the Ground. Is that the intention longer term?
Fred Smith: It’s very important as has been said at least twice today to look at the cohorts in the Express business. The biggest decline in the Express business percentage wise is in the documents and packet sector. That sector of course is heavily tied in to housing, financial services, mortgage and increasingly over time just as we’re doing ourselves with our terrific FedEx print online a lot of it is being diverted into electronic transmission media. On the bottom side the deferred Express business is down more than the Overnight box business. My guess is that after many years in this business when you look at the speed up that we’ve done in FedEx Ground and the great service that they’re doing there that probably has an effect there. The interesting thing to me is despite all of the travail and the economic down turn the Overnight Express Box business is doing pretty good. I think the markets are simply adjusting to the logical need. As you know, because we’ve talked about it many times our goal has been over the last 15 years to take our capacity in the Express sector and use it more and more for the inland movement of International packages and that is occurring. We haven’t bought a pound of air lift for Domestic Express business in many, many years. The Express business is continuing to increase. There again you’ve got to be careful about looking at just the overall category because the fastest growing segment in the Intercontinental business is the International Priority Freight segment. It’s the door to door retail freight business. The door to door package business is relatively flat but the door to door freight business is growing at double digits. Within these traffic cohorts there are some fairly significant trends there that lead us to believe that the businesses are a bit stronger than just the gross numbers would say. I hated to be going to that level of detail but you really have to, to answer your question.
Mike Glenn: As you know this is the fourth straight year that we have taken 2% out of the fuel surcharge and put it into the base rates so I think it’s a mischaracterization to say that it’s a 6.9% net rate increase, it is not. As we have done in years past the 6.9% increase is partially offset by the 2% reduction in the fuel surcharge so while it is not a straight 4.9% rate increase because the impact on individual customers may vary it is not a 6.9% increase to customers again because that is offset by a 2% net reduction in the fuel surcharge.  This level of rate increase is certainly consistent with what we’ve done in years past and we feel comfortable with the impact it will have in the marketplace. Our desire is to put a customer’s traffic in the network that best serves them, that is what we are here to do. We sell solutions to customers. It’s doesn’t matter to us if it’s Express, if it’s Ground, if it’s International, if it’s Freight. Our desire is to put the traffic in the network that’s going to provide the best value to the customer to create long term value in the relationship.
Edward Wolfe – Wolfe Research: If International Freight is suddenly growing faster than International Packages at some point does that lead you to change your thought process maybe in combining Ground and Air at some point to deliver that through the Ground network?  Separately, the 4.9% net that’s a good point we’re talking 4.9% not 6.9%. That’s similar to last year and Alan said earlier you’re getting less than 1% net of fuel right now so it’s hard to push that through, people are taking other options and slowing down the freight it feels like. It feels like in this economy that maybe that push is more towards Ground do you think that I’m right thinking that way or not?
Fred Smith: It’s very difficult to make that statement simply because the individual needs of specific customers differ greatly. In some cases you are absolutely correct that we can meet the needs of a customers supply chain by pushing more business in to the Ground we would do that no matter what the rate increase is. As you know, we’ve made substantial improvements in speeding up the network in Ground where now 80% of the packages are delivered in three days or less. Clearly there’s more opportunity to take Domestic Express volume and put it into the Ground network to meet those customers. Having said that, we’re pleased with the impact that has on FedEx’s bottom line and the ability to manage that mix to meet the needs of FedEx and its shareholders. I wouldn’t get too hung up on the magnitude of the rate increase whether its 400 basis points higher than it should be or not that’s a matter of opinion. It’s consistent with that we’ve done in the past and we’re very comfortable with our position.
Mike Glenn: On the broader question about the International trade business this is really the fruits of many years of labor here at FedEx. We have over the past decade been building out the Intercontinental Express network so as Alan mentioned a few moments ago it is by far the biggest. That’s quite frankly why we can mitigate costs on the down side if we need to. We have so many flights, so many sections that we have greater scale and the ability to fine tune that. Taking a section out on the weekend or taking a section out on the Friday or whatever the case may be, making another stop on the weekend and so forth. We have a lot of flexibility to right size the intercontinental network that we didn’t a few years ago. What we’ve also done is to build out our product portfolio so that we have door to door Express Freight service IPFS, International Priority Distribution Service, where you have an aggregate shipment that crosses the border, it’s cleared as one shipment then it explodes into smaller shipments either Freight or Packages. Over the last couple of years we have vigorously rolled out the International Economy Freight service IEFS and International Economy Distribution Service IED. Those products have been growing very rapidly because as the price of fuel has gone up, I made this comment before on these is the price of fuel has gone up it’s actually playing into our hands because these major consolidations by Air depending on the value per pound or the urgency of the piece of the shipment in some cases are going back into the water. The door to door Express Freight shipments are more and more going in our network and that’s why it’s growing so strong. It’s a double digit growth rate during the quarter. Those shipments obviously are built around our Air system and around the airports and so forth. There are significant differences in the type of equipment; the times of pick up and delivery, the routes and on and on down the line between the Express Freight business and the FedEx Freight organization under Doug Duncan. At the moment we think that we’re correctly organized.
Operator: That concludes today’s question and answer session. 
Mickey Foster: Thank you for your participation on our first quarter earnings release conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the Investor Relations team if you have additional questions.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-06-18 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Mickey Foster – Vice President Investor Relations Frederick W. Smith – Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Alan B. Graf, Jr. – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President T. Michael Glenn – Executive Vice President Marketing Development  Christine P. Richards – Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary  Robert B. Carter – Executive Vice President FedEx Information Services David J. Bronczek – President & Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express David F. Rebholz – President & Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Ground Douglas G. Duncan – President & Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Freight
Analysts: John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets William Greene - Morgan Stanley David Roth - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners LLC Ed Wolf - Wolf Research Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Thomas Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc. David Campbell - Thompson, Davis, & Co. Robin Byde - HSBC Global Research Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News 
Operator: Welcome to the FedEx Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I'll turn the call over to Mr. Mickey Foster.
Mickey Foster: Good morning and welcome to the FedEx Corporation fourth quarter earnings conference call. I'm Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations at FedEx Corporation. The earnings release and the 26-page stat book is on our web site at fedex.com. This call is being broadcast from our web site and the replay and the pod cast download will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our question and answer session callers will be limited to one question and a follow up so we can accommodate all those who would like to participate. We are planning an investor meeting in October at the Hilton in New York so please save the afternoon of Thursday, October 2, 2008 on your calendar. Fred Smith and our top management team will be on hand to give you updates on our business. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to the press release and filings with the SEC. In our earnings release we include certain non-GAAP financial measures which we may discuss on this call. Please refer to the release available on our web site for further discussion of these measures and a reconciliation of them to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. To the extent we discuss any other non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the investor relations portion of our web site at fedex.com for reconciliation of such measures to most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO, Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO, Mike Glenn, Executive Vice President - Market Development and Corporate Communications, Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Rob Carter, Executive Vice President - FedEx Information Services and CIO, David Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express, David Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground, and Doug Duncan, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. And now our Chairman, Fred Smith, will share his views on the quarter followed by Alan Graf. After Alan, we will have some Q&A.
Frederick W. Smith: Thank you for joining our earnings conference call for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2008. Earlier this past quarter on April 17 FedEx commemorated an historic date, our 35th anniversary of commencing operation. I would like to take a minute to say thank you to the hundreds of thousands of current and former team members around the world to whom we owe the success of our company. Together we faced many challenges and celebrated many more successes. Because of our outstanding team we look forward with confidence and hope to the future. Now, of course, financial results in FY08 were pressured by serious economic difficulties. Record high fuel prices and the weak US economy, particularly in housing and automotive and financial services, dampened volume growth and substantially affected our bottom line. As Yogi Berra, the famous Yankee catcher, reportedly once said, "It's déjà vu all over again" for FedEx. This is the fourth oil crisis FedEx has weathered. The first was in 1973 when the Arab oil embargo almost killed a nation's FedEx in the cradle. 1979 and 1990 and 91 we saw run ups in prices due to restricted oil supplies and now over the last couple of years we have seen oil prices double, particularly in the last 12 months, because of increased demand from emerging markets, particularly China and India. We remain positive, however, about prospects for long-term global economic growth and believe FedEx will be well positioned for profitable growth when economic conditions improve. In 2008 growth in shipments at FedEx Ground, FedEx International Priority, and International Domestic Express helped mitigate some of the negative effects from the US economy. Increased demand in Asia, US outbound and Europe drove IP volume growth during 2008 proving the value of this strategic investments we made over the years. The economic headwinds of FY08 are now continuing into our FY09 which began on June 1. We will continue to reduce expenses across all segments in FY09. In today's release for example we announced that FedEx Freight will close its office in San Jose, California to streamline its operations. At the newly re-branded FedEx office, the Company's senior management team has been reduced and restructured to better support execution of the Company's strategy and to control costs. We also reduced capital commitments in that sector by slowing the rate of expansion of our retail network. When we talked to you a year ago at this time, we forecast our FY08 capital expenditure budget of about $3.5 billion. Through cost saving measures we were able to cut capital expenditures from that budget by 17% to about $2.9 billion for the fiscal year just ended. In addition on the expense side, variable incentive compensation was lower by $221 million in FY08. We are closely managing our capital spending and expenses based on current and anticipated volume and revenue levels. We will defer or limit capital additions where necessary. Now while the current oil crisis is different from the past due to the increased demand from the emerging markets, as I mentioned, it's also very different because automotive and battery technologies on the horizon will permit electric power to displace a great deal of oil demand in the coming years. Plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, nuclear power and clean coal are also part of the equation. FedEx has been and is continuously seeking energy saving alternatives in our operations that cut costs and lessen our environmental impact. We are upgrading our FedEx Express air fleet by replacing Euro-body aircraft with Boeing 757 that reduce fuel consumption up to 36% while providing 20% more capacity. FedEx Express will also acquire Boeing 777 aircraft that provide greater payload capacity and use 18% less planes than our current long-range international fleet. FedEx over a number of years will be working with the Eaton Corporation and the Environmental Defense Fund to put the first practical hybrid electric pick-up and delivery vehicles into operation and we recently reached a major milestone with these vehicles, having driven them more than 2 million miles in revenue service. You can expect to see additional hybrids joining our fleet in the years to come. Now we plan to continue to execute the business strategy that has made FedEx one of the most admired companies in the world and a great place to work and has added significant value for our customers and shareholders. It's my opinion that great companies always improve their competitive positions in economic downturns and we intend to do just that. FY08 and FY09 we believe will be anomalies due to the extraordinary difficulties in the financial, housing and automotive sectors and the rapid run up in fuel prices. We believe, however, there are clearly major significant competitive opportunities available to us in part precisely because of these economic conditions. The expense and cap ex reduction initiatives I mentioned in the various strategic programs like our fuel efficient equipment and facilities investments will hopefully set the stage in FY10 to resume the upward projectory of our financial performance that we saw when we achieved record earnings in fiscal year 07. We're proud that once again in FY08 Fortune magazine ranked FedEx among the top 10 companies most admired in the United States and in the world. For the tenth time in the last 11 years, Fortune named FedEx as one of the 100 best companies to work for. Last quarter the respected University of Michigan's American Customer Satisfaction Index rated FedEx number one in customer satisfaction in our industry and first among all companies listed. Consistent with these achievements we will continue in this fiscal year FY09 to improve the customer experience, improving quality across the board in all of our operations, in order to keep our famous Purple Promise. We will make every FedEx experience outstanding. Let me close my remarks by again thanking every member of the FedEx team who continues to do a superb job in an extremely challenging economic environment. We continue to recognize that more than any other element our front line folks are what really sets FedEx apart and our key to our continuing success. Before I turn it over to Alan, let me just state again our strong belief that we have a number of levers that we can pull regardless of the economic circumstances which we face. I personally believe that significant demand destruction in the oil market will mitigate some of the recent run up in oil prices but regardless of whether oil prices go up and down, we have a very strong balance sheet and cash flows and as I said a moment ago, many short-term and long-term levers that we can pull to reach our goal of coming out of these years of difficult economic times, FY08 and 09, and get back on the proper trajectory in FY10 that we demonstrated in FY07. As I mentioned a moment ago, the one thing that we will not do is to mitigate or put at risk the customer service reputation that FedEx has so justly earned over the years. And now to put more meat on the bones of that chicken, let me turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Alan Graf.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: As Fred mentioned, some very strong headwinds from a weak economy and extremely high fuel prices pressured volumes and yields across our entire portfolio. As a result our ongoing earnings declined $0.45 per share excluding the asset impairment charges at the FedEx office this year and the Airbus settlement last year. All-in-all, given the headwinds, I think we had a pretty good quarter. I should note that the fuel surcharge elasticity had its most dampening affect on domestic express volumes and yields and that we expect this difficult economic environment to persist in FY09. Taking a look at the segments in the fourth quarter and starting with Express, international volumes, exchange rate benefits, and net fuel price were all positive contributors to operating income in the quarter versus last year. However, they were not enough to offset base package yield rate declines, domestic volume declines and the impact of one less operating day. As a result, operating income at Express declined $187 million from last year's fourth quarter. At Ground we're very pleased with volumes increasing 6% and yields up 4%. We'll clearly continue to take market share. However, cost growth outpace3d revenue growth as field surcharge revenue at Ground did not cover the fuel cost increase and expenses associated with continued expansion and enhancing and defending the independent contractor model rose. Additionally, operating income at Ground was hampered by one less operating day in the quarter. Freight. The good news there is our shipment volumes rose 3% in a very tough and declining market as we continue to take market share there as well. Net fuel expense, higher purchase transportation costs, and in this case, two fewer operating days caused operating income to decline. Although we don't report it separately at FedEx Office, net operating costs increased from the fourth quarter versus last year which resulted in higher charge-backs to the Express and Ground segments which are included in their reported numbers. Looking at the balance sheet, as Fred mentioned, remains very healthy. We have positive cash flow in fiscal 08, paid down over $600 million in debt, cash balances remain relatively flat at $1.5 billion, and notably our pension plans are fully funded. Looking ahead to 09 we do expect conditions to remain extremely challenging and we anticipate in both the first quarter guidance and the yearly target the current economic weakness will continue and the current level of field costs will not mitigate. We will continue with cost vigilance and have numerous projects underway throughout the Company to further lower overhead and improve productivity while at the same time we will continue to improve our service and enhance our customer experience. I would like to emphasize again that our first quarter guidance of $0.80 to $1.00 and our annual target of $4.75 to $5.25 assume that economic conditions do not worsen and that current fuel cost levels persist. We will manage the cash flow positive and will be scrubbing our cap ex numbers throughout the year. Although we currently expect to spend about the same on cap ex in fiscal 09 as did in 08 largely due to 777 progress payments and the acquisition of 757s for conversion, we can significantly lower that number if conditions worsen and we need to do so. With that, let's open the floor for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: Alan, on your last comment concerning your capital expenditures and fleet replacement and that type of thing, given what you currently see in the marketplace, can you just talk a little bit more in detail in terms of what magnitude of cap ex pullback you would consider if the current economic trends were to persist for the balance of this year or maybe into 09?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Sure John. This Company has over the last several years developed a very strong cash flow, we're going to have very strong cash flow in 09, our EBITDA's going to be very positive, as you know we have a significant amount of depreciation in our income statement. If we needed to we could reduce our cap ex to below our depreciation levels, but having said that we certainly would like to get 757s and 777s into our fleet as rapidly as possible because of their energy efficiency that Fred mentioned. So that will be a balancing act as we go through the year. Personally I'd like not to restrict those because those will be very good [inaudible] assets in our Company for the long haul.
John Barnes - BB&T Capital Markets: I would imagine, just given the long-term nature of an asset like that, you're not looking at it in the vacuum mode of the next 18 months but is there anything from a cap ex perspective that you see where you would be much more aggressive over say the next 18 to 24 months? Is it terminal expansions put on hold? Is it additional fleet additions to the Ground network or something like that? I know some of those costs are diminimus in comparison to an aircraft addition but can you move the needle on cap ex enough with those type of pullbacks?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Well we have been doing that but we intend to grow our businesses and we expect international, freight and ground to all have growth in 09 and that requires vehicles and doors and sorting equipment and computer technology, etc. So it will depend on if I'm correct about those growth assumptions which are in our guidance and target.
Operator: Our next call is from William Greene - Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: I know you think that 2008/2009 in terms of the fuel prices were a bit of an anomaly but do you think that if we stay at this, because we're assuming that fuel prices now don't change, will there be a permanent shift in how your customers use you? In other words, will we have a permanent shift down in the volumes at Express that would cause you to need to rethink the size of that network?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Let me give you the market perspective. This is my - we've been saying this for some time, as you know, we have been talking as it relates to the US portion of the Express market that we did not see any material growth and have been saying that for the last three years, understanding that consumers were going to become more efficient in their supply chains as they get more information and more visibility and, quite frankly, we've made enhancements to our Ground network and our Freight network to add features such as real time tracking, time definitely delivering money-back guarantee. So this is not a surprise to use. Obviously if fuel prices stay at their current levels we do anticipate lower demands in the domestic part. Having said that, we run a global network and we're seeing strong growth in the international sector albeit a bit dampened currently but we still like our prospects internationally and believe that the Express business offers a lot of opportunities for growth on a global basis.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: So you don't think that, if we stay at these fuel prices, you'll see any permanent shift in the domestic market?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: I'll let Dave Bronczek speak to the network structure but obviously we'll respond to the levels of traffic by reconfiguring networks as required to be the most efficient possible to handle the traffic levels we have.
David J. Bronczek: William, in fact we looked at our network and of course we've been talking about this for years, we always try to right size our US network to our US domestic guidance. However, we've actually seen a dramatic increase in our US system if you will because of the global nature of our Company at Express that Mike just mentioned so all of our additions that we've had, wherever they've been in the United States, have been because of our international products flowing through the United States and out of the United States. That's a very important point that Mike pointed out. Fred.
Frederick W. Smith: At the risk of being a broken record that I've said this over the past several years, FedEx Express has not bought a unit of capacity for the domestic express business in years and years and years. The network in the United States has been expanded basically to move inland international traffic and at the same time, of course, we've had this marvelous growth in our Ground and Express networks. And increasingly in the years to come in the international market we believe that the movement of goods by air will be in smaller lots and door-to-door express movements rather than in the large consolidations that marked the industry structure several years ago. And we've built a network of regional hubs - we opened one in Greensboro in 2009 - and what those regional operations allow us to increasingly do is to drive-fly across the oceans and then drive on the other side. So we have both international priority and international economy. We have not been adding capacity for the domestic express market for many years and this is not a new thing for us and the 757 is such an important piece of equipment because it operates with unit costs that are basically as good as the bigger plane so it gives us a tremendous amount of flexibility to route to the regional hubs or to downsize to the domestic express network. And most of our airplanes are owned so we have tremendous flexibility in configuring the fleet to the optimal size to reflect what the Express network is both the domestic and much more importantly the interior movement of the Express business. And it's critical for the people that follow this company to understand those issues.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Let me just add one last thing. This is an important piece. Our tremendously powerful international business that we have at FedEx Express is the best in the world; 50% of all of that business comes through the United States either coming in or going out of the United States. 50%.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Roth - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
David Roth - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I have a question on the closure of the FedEx Freight West facility and whether or not there's any change operation in terms of the FedEx Freight network - it used to be FedEx Freight East, FedEx Freight West and then it was re-branded FedEx Freight? With this closure in the San Jose office, is there a change in the network as well?
Douglas G. Duncan: Now the operation will remain pretty much as it is. We've been on the same operating platform at FedEx Freight for some time but we had two different operating companies, FedEx Freight East and FedEx Freight West, and as this business has grown and matured this was an opportunity to streamline our management structure and combine general offices so it's predominantly a back-office function where we can streamline and get efficiencies but our operations are really unaffected. We already have combined sales, marketing and pricing ahead of this so from a customer standpoint there's very little impact but from a cost and efficiency standpoint it's a good move for us to streamline.
David Roth - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then if you could just talk a little bit about FedEx National LTL and the progress that that's making in the marketplace. I know you felt shipping growth in overall freight but can you talk how much national is growing versus the legacy freight operation?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Well we're delighted with the progress of FedEx National. The value proposition that we put into place with high reliability and putting in a low-cost network to go after specific of the long haul business has taken hold and our growth momentum there is nothing short of thrilling at the moment. So a lot of the growth that you see in these numbers is actually coming from National and we're delighted with our progress. They're really doing a great job.
Operator: Our next question comes from Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners LLC.
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners LLC: I'd like to follow through with that. Can you really give us more color on exactly where the market share gains are being made on Freight?
Frederick W. Smith: Our numbers would indicate we're gaining market share in both networks - the regional network as well as the national network. When you look at our growth numbers when we reported Q percent on shipments year-over-year and in Q4 we were plus 3%. That's a huge swing and we believe the bulk of that is all market share gains. We've had sequential growth of shipments since December. Every month has been bigger than the month before so our growth momentum is on track at both networks but probably more so at the national network but I think they're both taking market share.
Donald Broughton - Avondale Partners LLC: Especially given that you were at 15% last year that's a tough comp to be on top of that in this environment is admirable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Wolf - Wolf Research.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Can we talk a little bit about the Ground side? Ground operating income is down 26% and the margin at 750 basis points of year-over-year deterioration seems the worst since you've owned this business year-over-year. The fuel impact is great but should be less at Ground. Can you talk to what's really driving what's been a slow decline at Ground at profitability?
David F. Rebholz: First of all, let me point out it's not directly related to your comment but I think it's important. I'm extremely proud that FedEx Ground has achieved an all-time record service level both quality and unplanned service in 98.5 and what's important about that is we now deliver more than 56% of our packages in two days or less and 23% of the Ground packages are delivered the next business day. And you're aware of the fact if you follow us closely that part of our investment this past year was to speed up the lanes and recognizing some of the fundamental changes that have already been discussed. So we're very proud of having about a 13% advantage over UPS. Fuel was singularly the largest absolute dollar difference in the quarter and I think it has already been stated by Alan we did have costs related to the contractor initiatives that we've talked about in the past which come in two flavors - the conversion which I'm proud to say we are completed in California and some additional incentives for our multi-work area contractors. Purchase transportation and other cost lines are really where those numbers reside. The net of it, Ed, is we had a record fourth quarter last year at plus 17% and from a comparable basis along with these investments and one-time costs, I think we have performed extremely well inclusive of our improvement in our service offerings.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Dave, can you give more sense in terms of the conversion costs? How much costs are still in front of you? How much of this is ongoing and what percent nationally of the drivers are now single contractors versus multi-route franchisees?
David F. Rebholz: Well, Ed, first of all the bulk of the costs from this conversion are in our numbers with the exception of the trailing [MWAs] in the fourth quarter so there will be a slight amount moving into the first quarter but the bulk of the numbers are baked into our base right now. We've had a substantial improvement in multi-work area contractors. Today if you look at the multiple work areas, they roughly are about 3,500 of our contractors, 3,600, are in control of about 10,000 of the service areas. Single work areas are about 7,600 for the organization and, of course, they are one-for-one even though they periodically employ their own employees for peak times, etc. We've had a substantial improvement in the MWAs with the last 500 additions all being 100% MWAs and as I mentioned out of the 489 single area work contractors in California, 410 of them have converted to multiple work area performance. So we have the vast majority of our contractors that have converted and our ongoing growth is in the multi-work area. Our long-term goal is to continue to reinforce that part of the model.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Can you talk a little bit about the domestic express side, specifically the overnight box volume trends which appear to be relatively stable with what you've been seeing over the last two years versus the overnight envelope which has shown an accelerated decline? It seems like that's a little bit counter to the last couple cycles you've been through.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Jon, the overall Express market in the first calendar quarter of the year actually declined about 3.5% which is obviously well below GDP. A lot of that was driven by the envelope sector so we have seen a mixed change to some degree in the sector. The box has been a bit more stable but has been at a lower level and is more consistent with the overall market performance.
Jon Langenfeld - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Any reason you can think for that diversion?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: I think clearly every time that you see a downturn in the economy the box traffic is affected by that with consumers looking for lower cost alternatives to move the traffic and will trade off service to some degree for price and I think that's what we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: I wanted to ask about what you're seeing looking into fiscal 09. I think you implied within the guidance to be a pretty material decline in Express margins, and I wanted to see if you could comment on whether that's largely a volume weakness issue or if there's a significant cost inflation issue that's hurting the margin side?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: No, it's quite the contrary. We're working very hard on our costs. We have a significant amount of cost reductions and productivity improvements filed in the Express SP&L for fiscal 09. It's just a reflection of the unbelievably high elasticity at these fuel surcharge levels that are pressuring the volumes and the yields significantly on the domestic express market.
Thomas Wadewitz - J.P. Morgan: So if you take incentive comp down 220 year-over-year in fiscal 08, is there a meaningful further reduction in that or can you maybe mention some other line items where you see opportunity for cost reduction?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Certainly. Again let me emphasize that we are still growing our international, ground and freight traffic but a lot of the levers that we have at our hand are certainly the annual long-term incentive comp, reduction in flight hours and hours worked, we can reduce light haul and delivery pick-up routes by reworking the system, and of course we have on our overhead side we have been and are using attrition there. So I think all of those are working. We have a lot of cost reductions filed in the target that I gave you for the year. All look very achievable while at the same time unlike some of our markets not sacrificing service but improving it and enhancing the customer experience.
David J. Bronczek: I think Alan's exactly right. We have looked at all of our cost initiatives and we've been doing them for several months now - many months, we have fuel burns with our flight crew that have been very significant savings for us and will be going forward, domestic flying as Alan mentioned, labor costs, productivity increases, really across the board we're very pleased with where we're coming out on our expense side for FY09.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers.
Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers: Could I just piggy-back on that? I mean, as you look into fiscal 09 it would seem from the comments you just made that you're expecting the volume weakness in Express to pick up a little bit. Are you seeing that already or is that something you anticipate as these fuel prices make their way into the market over the next couple of months?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: First of all, and I'll let Mike finish up, we just saw it in this quarter and as I mentioned it's continuing now in the summer. We're going to have a 32.5% surcharge in July and that's going to create a lot of mode shift. We didn't have that a year ago. Fuel prices are up 80% on a jet fuel basis versus last summer and last year we had a terrific first quarter at Express. That can't repeat. As Fred says we can't levitate. All we can do is manage through this.
T. Michael Glenn: I was just going to add that the domestic Express volumes were actually fairly consistent through the quarter. Obviously we had some seasonal affect as you move into the summer so we will expect to see that but we're about where we thought we would be at this point although there is certainly some pressure on volumes as fuel prices continue to go up.
Gary Chase - Lehman Brothers: So this is the kind of volume reduction that you're expecting next year that's in the guidance? Somewhere in the down three or four range. It's not materially different than that?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: As I mentioned the Express market in the US declined 3.6% in the first quarter and that's consistent, we expect that to continue until we see some relief in the economic activity and the rising fuel prices.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: First question, was there a point with regards to the fuel surcharge level where you really started to see the elasticity in demand kick in?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Art, it's difficult to say exactly where that occurs because you have a combination of factors here. You have a slowing economy and you have rising fuel prices so it's very difficult to dissect that and say what's causing the activity. You see mode shift when the economy weakens and we've seen that many many times in the past and obviously was at the fuel surcharge increases that puts pressure on our customers to be more efficient in their supply chain decisions as well. So it's clearly more difficult to point that out but we've been as high as 20% in the past with I would say impact but not necessarily as material and once we crossed over that threshold and started heading towards 30% I think our customers obviously want to take a second look.
Arthur Hatfield - Morgan, Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just a follow up, Alan, you had talked about really watching cap ex going forward and maybe slowing things down or additions or plant expenditures if things slow down further. Is there the possibility and would it really make a meaningful expense difference if things slowed down further if you were to accelerate some of your aircraft retirement plans?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Well we always scrub our capital and where a year ago we were planning to have a lot more growth today than we're having, obviously we've had to reduce those plans to match that reality of the marketplace. One of the trade-offs that we have right now is we have 727, 200s out there that if we could get rid of them today, I would do that despite the capital expense because on a per unit basis, 757 is 47% more fuel efficient. We just can't get them acquired and moded as rapidly as we would like so in our plan we have a very rapid acquisition and mod program for the 757. I think that we would be very wise to continue that but we also need to remain cash flow positive so we will manage what comes in front of us and as I said, we are very well positioned to do so. We've got a very strong balance sheet; we've got staying power. You're seeing a lot of trucks parked; you're seeing freighters come out of passenger airline fleets; you're seeing a reduction of passenger flying which reduces belly space. So there's some opportunity there, too.
David J. Bronczek: Alan's right. We have the first 757 coming into revenue service for us in September and we're looking at every possible way to get more 757s in faster. Obviously all of that would be good news. The 777 comes in in the second half of FY10. At the end of the first half, I'm sorry.
Frederick W. Smith: It should be noted though as I mentioned before we own the vast majority of our airplanes so if we need to structurally take capacity out of the express system, that's relatively easy for us to do by simply accelerating the retirement of some of the airplanes regardless of the replacement lift. That's what I was talking about with the many levers that we have to run, have to pull. And the reason that we believe we can come out of FY09 and get back on our trajectory is it's always difficult when you're on these earnings calls and talking about some numbers on a piece of paper, I mean the FedEx networks are enormously big. They're millions and millions and millions of discreet transactions every day and thousands of air segments and surface movements and so forth. So to re-engineer and reconfigure those networks without doing damage to our service levels and our customer reputation is something that takes some time. And I would remind everyone as we went into the first quarter last year it was a gangbuster quarter and as late as the second quarter of last fiscal year we were looking towards another record financial performance. It's only when the continued run up in fuel prices, and as Alan mentioned they doubled over the past year, that the real impact started being felt in the late fall and early part of the year. So we'll get these networks right and we're very confident that we'll come out on the other side of this thing stronger and better and more market share and so forth.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Campbell - Thompson, Davis, & Co.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis, & Co.: You didn't mention any possible benefits from the decision of DHL to terminate its domestic flying and also to transfer that to UPS and a ground area to substantially reduce their ground services. Is that included in your estimates for 09? Any benefit from that?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: David, we've seen a lot of uncertainty on the part of customers and potential customers as it relates to the decisions of our two primary competitors here in the US. We've received a number of phone calls and are responding appropriately to that. These customers have an interest in what FedEx's value proposition can do for them and we're aggressively talking to them just as quickly as we possibly can. We do some potential benefit from that, some of which has been assumed but not all.
David Campbell - Thompson, Davis, & Co.: On the international business, how are US export packages and freight increasing faster than the rest of the business?
David J. Bronczek: Yes, that's correct. The Asia, Europe and US export business has been very solid and leading the way of course in all of our revenue growths. Our IP was up 16%, 6% on volume, and those three parts of the world led the way. So you are correct.
Frederick W. Smith: What's going to happen in the international marketplace, and you can read it in the trade press everywhere, is the traditional airport-to-airport freighter services are being reduced and coming down. In fact one of the major carriers in the Middle East has said that they're going to take their orders, I think it was for 16 freighters, and convert them into passengers. One of the big combination carriers in Asia that operates a big all-cargo system said they're going to be taking on a tremendous amount of capacity. As I mentioned a moment ago and I've mentioned on this call many times, what's happening is the mode shift in the international area makes what happens in the domestic express business pale in comparison. There's a tremendous movement of the lower value added traffic off of the traditional freighter airplanes onto the water, onto the sea. We pick that traffic up in FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight as it comes into the United States and we manage a fair amount of our FedEx Trade Networks unit. That's one of the reasons we bought Watkins and converted it into FedEx National. It is perfectly suited to move items that are coming in on the water into the interior points of the United States in the absolutely most efficient manner. So these long-term segular trends play to our strengths. It's exactly the way we're configured. And I just came back from Europe last week and again went to a couple of our locations and you can see this taking place right in front of your eyes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robin Byde - HSBC Global Research.
Robin Byde - HSBC Global Research: Actually just a pull up on the international market. Are you seeing, thinking it's going to slow down mode shift or are you compressioned in any specific markets national or regional?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: The answer to that question is no. We're seeing increases in all of our markets internationally, especially in Asia, Europe and the United States export.
Robin Byde - HSBC Global Research: Can you be more specific about particular countries perhaps?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Well we don't break them down by country but Asia Pacific, all the European countries in our EMEA region of the world and our US export actually almost everywhere in the world including Mexico's been very strong for us. So country by country I can't specifically tell you that. We obviously know that but it's around the world growth in all those sectors.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News.
Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News: Has there been any discussion or consideration of going in and proactively cutting jobs or trying to park more aircraft in addition to just trimming the capital expenditure budget going into fiscal 09?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: I think I mentioned earlier about all the levers that we're pulling, reducing flight hours, hours worked, attrition, redesigning routes. All those have been ongoing and continue to be ongoing.
Mary Jane Credeur - Bloomberg News: Are you going to actually park planes or proactively reduce headcount?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Right now we are rotating parking airplanes on a temporary basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Greene - Morgan Stanley.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: Alan, you mentioned earlier on there were some base rate declines. I was just hoping you could expand upon it. Are you saying that customers are actually demanding and getting rate decreases? Is that what you meant?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Obviously customers are out there trying to reduce their costs any way they can. They're doing that through a number of different levers that they're pulling. Again, looking at the actual services that they're using and talking with us about moving some traffic from Express to Ground, some traffic from Ground to Freight, and so on and so forth, we are renegotiating some agreements at this point in exchange for longer term agreements. So if that's a benefit to FedEx, we'll certainly consider those things.
William Greene - Morgan Stanley: I think you're talking to the IRS this quarter. I don't know if it was in June or May, but can you give us an update on how those talks have gone?
Christine P. Richards: We've started those conversations. At this point in time there's a good chance they'll continue on into the first quarter. We're still at the audit level and depending upon the outcome at that level, we will then see how we go forward.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: I've got one follow up to the last question. Also, when we see an economic weakness we see decline in our weights per package which also impacts base yield.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ed Wolf - Wolf Research.
Ed Wolf - Wolf Research: Alan, have you broken out or at least given us some range of what the fuel drag was in the quarter and how much of that, assuming fuel stays flat for a year, do you think you could recover?
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Surprisingly it was not material in the quarter because of the anomalies of last year. I think I mentioned that Express it was actually net fuel as we measured on a static basis which is simply the surcharge versus the increase in cost was a slight benefit in the quarter. But overall just the absolute size of the surcharge and the elasticity, the pressure on the yields and the volumes is much more important right now than the surcharge versus the additional cost of fuel.
Operator: That does conclude today's question and answer session. At this time I'll turn the conference back to management for any additional remarks.
Alan B. Graf, Jr.: Thank you for your participation in the FedEx Corporation fourth quarter earnings release conference call. Please feel free to call any one on the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thank you very much for your time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-03-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Mickey Foster – Vice President Investor Relations Frederick W. Smith – Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Alan B. Graf, Jr. – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President T. Michael Glenn – Executive Vice President Marketing Development  Christine P. Richards – Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary  Robert B. Carter – Executive Vice President FedEx Information Services David J. Bronczek – President & Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Express David F. Rebholz – President & Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Ground Douglas G. Duncan – President & Chief Executive Officer of FedEx Freight
Analysts:  John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan William Greene – Morgan Stanley David Roth – Stifel Nicolaus Gary Chase – Lehman Brothers John Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co. Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan Analyst for Edward Wolfe – Bear Stearns Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners David Campbell – Thomas, Davis & Company Jason Seidle – Credit Suisse First Boston 
Operator:  Good day everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. Today’s conference is being recorded. At this time I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mickey Foster, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mickey Foster: Good morning and welcome to the FedEx Corporation third quarter earnings conference call. The earnings release and 25 page stat book are on our website atwww.FedEx.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay and podcast download will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are members of the media. During our Q&A session, callers will be limited to one question and a follow up so we can accommodate all those who would like to participate. We are planning an investor meeting in October in New York so please save Thursday, October 2, 2008 on your calendar. We will have more details about the meeting for you the next few months.  I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements in this conference call may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the act. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to our press release and filings with the SEC. To the extent we’ve disclosed any non-GAAP financial measures on this call, please refer to the investor relations portion of our website at www.FedEx.com for a reconciliation for such measures for the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO, Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO, Mike Glenn, Vice President Market Development and Corporate Communications, Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Rob Carter, Executive Vice President FedEx Information Services & CIO, Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express, Dave Rebholz, President & CEO of FedEx Ground and Doug Duncan, President and CEO of FedEx Freight.  And now, our chairman Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter followed by Alan Graf. After Alan we will have Q&A.
Frederick W. Smith: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our earnings conference call for the third quarter of fiscal year 2008. Like many companies FedEx is facing a challenging economic environment that includes persistently high oil prices, sluggish US growth and significant concerns in the credit markets. The FedEx diversified portfolio of transportation solutions and our wide global footprint however give us flexibility to adapt to shifting economic conditions. We believe in fact, there are significant opportunities to add new customers who appreciate the global FedEx value proposition. Moral among our team members is strong and our service levels are very high. We are concerned by the steep relentless rise in oil prices and we see little justification based on near term supply and demand conditions to support these prices. There’s no doubt speculative trading has driven prices higher overriding market principles and adversely affecting consumer and corporate spending. Our chief economist [Gene Wang] calculates that increase in retail gasoline costs since mid October has resulted in consumers now paying over $1 billion more per week for gasoline for example than they would have at last October’s prices. At FedEx we believe persistently higher fuel prices and the related effects of our fuel surcharges are reducing demand on a macroeconomic basis and leading some customers to shift to less expensive services. But fortunately, we have a broad portfolio and are able to offer our customers those types of alternatives.  As many of you know we’ve been very active over the last couple of years in trying to get the congress and the administration to come up with a more forward thinking energy policy and we were gratified with the first step taken last December with the bill that was passed which hopefully will have some effects in the months and years to come in addressing this problem. Now, at FedEx in particular we will continue to invest in more fuel efficient aircraft, vehicles and facilities and we’ll accelerate the retirement of equipment when we can achieve a good ROI for doing so.  As we survey the current economic landscape we expect limited earnings growth in FY09 given the current outlook for macroeconomic conditions and fuel prices. There is clearly stress in the housing and financial sectors and they create a drag on the overall US economy as well as the fuel prices. In calendar year 2008 we expect US GDP to grow more slowly than in 2007. Our United States revenue growth rates will continue to be restrained across all segments for the remainder of 2008 because of this slower demand for US domestic express package services and the slow LTL freight market in general although, we are doing very well there as Doug Duncan will talk about later. We continue to take revenue share in the US express domestic package market for example. We expect the international economy will continue to expand overall albeit at a lower rate and this will be fueled by the emerging markets. During the third quarter our average daily package volume grew 5% year-over-year overall boosted by continued strong increase in FedEx international priority shipments, international domestic express shipments and FedEx ground shipments. Now, the wild card going forward remains the price of fuel. We are in uncharted territory when oil consistently sells for more than $100 a barrel. Risks remain in elevated oil prices, credit concerns and a softening labor market. Despite these short term issues we remain optimistic about long term growth prospects as cyclical swings give way to more historic stable macroeconomic trends and the US and world economies adjust to these very high fuel prices as they undoubtedly will. I, for instance, have lived through this now for the fourth time in 73, in 79, in 1990 and now in this fuel run up. I would point out however that based on my rough calculations this is probably the largest transfer of wealth in the history of the world $2.5 trillion dollars from the OECD oil importing countries to the oil producing countries since the price of fuel began to run up in 2002.  Thanks to our strategic investments in key markets over the years we are confident FedEx is well positioned to take advantage of long term economic growth trends and to deliver better results in the long return. One example of the strategic investment now paying off for FedEx is our FedEx National LTL, based on the acquisition we made over a year ago. We reengineered that network and it now provides a high level of service that quite frankly has never been seen in that industry segment. As we manage our cost enterprise wide we will look closely at ways to realign our expenses with revenues. We will continue to limit discretionary spending, reduce and delay capital expenditures and hold the line on adding staff. We will continue to invest in long term strategic projects like the 777 and 757 programs that we believe will benefit our share owners and our customers. Another example of that long term orientation is our significant expansion into the Chinese domestic market which began on May 28th last year. I’d like to share with you several accolades we received since we last spoke. Earlier this month and for the seventh consecutive year Fortune Magazine named FedEx to its top 10 list of America’s most admired companies and the world’s most admired companies. In January FedEx was recognized as among the 100 best companies to work for, a distinction that has been awarded to FedEx in 10 of the last 11 years. In addition, we were also named a top 50 employer by Equal Opportunity Magazine, Info World’s top 100 technology innovators and the number one and most admired company for human resources by Human Resource Executive Magazine. Now, such recognition is gratifying but it’s important from a business perspective as well because this trust and respect that the public has for FedEx helps us recruit and train the very best people, to gain new customers and to expand more easily in communities around the world. In April we marked 35 years of continuing operations and it’s gratifying to realize that we built such a world class reputation in a relative short period of time. From the earliest days of this company we made a comment to put a lot of emphasis on our folks and in turn our teammates would work each day to make every FedEx experience outstanding. That’s the FedEx purple promise. As we move forward in these challenging times, we’re committed to keeping a sharp eye on our cost and capital expenditures across all segments. We will continue to maintain and in fact, improve our very high levels of service to our customers. We intend to leverage our unmatched portfolio of services to market and sell the right service and the right network at the right price. We intend to roll out productive, innovative information technology applications and to take good care of our people. Now, let me turn the microphone over to Alan Graf, our chief financial officer.
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : Good morning everyone. Today we reported earnings of $1.26 per share for the third quarter ended February 29th compared to $1.35 per share a year ago in the face of a very challenging economic environment as Fred discussed. I should point out that last year’s earnings per share included an $0.08 tax rate benefit so excluding that we were essentially flat year-over-year. Revenue growth up 10% for the third quarter 2008 was primarily attributable to continued growth in international services at FedEx Express, growth at FedEx Ground and increase in FedEx Express US domestic package yields. Higher fuel surcharges continue to be the key driver of increased yields in our transportation segments. Operating income was flat due to the continued impact of substantially higher fuel prices and the weak US economy which pressured volume and yield growth at FedEx Express and FedEx Freight. For the company fuel expense increased 42% in this third quarter versus the prior year. Additionally, higher expense associated with advertising and promotion and strategic technology initiatives as well as expansion in service improvement initiatives at FedEx Kinkos and expansion of our domestic express services in China also had a negative impact on our results. While FedEx Kinkos continues to be a significant source of profitable revenue for the FedEx Express and Ground divisions, its core and print business continues to be a drag. Lower variable incentive compensation combined with cost of containment activities partially mitigated the negative impact of these factors. Now, let’s take a look at our segments and we’ll start with Express. FedEx Express revenues increased 11% in the third quarter primarily due to increases in fuel surcharges, the impact of favorable exchange rates and international priority volume growth of 6%. US domestic package volumes decreased 2% during the third quarter of 2008 as the ongoing weak US economy continued to negatively impact demand for these services. US domestic yield increases up 6% were primarily due to higher fuel surcharges and general rate increases partially offset by lower package weights. IP yield increased 10% due to favorable exchange rates, higher fuel surcharges and increases in package weights partially offset by decreases in the average rate per pound. FedEx Express operating results were negatively impacted by the continued softness in the US economy, increased intercompany charges and continued investments in our domestic express service in China. Net fuel costs versus last year’s third quarter, one additional operating day and favorable exchange rates partially mitigate the impact of these factors on our operating results versus last year.  Turning to Ground, revenues increased 13% during the third quarter of 2008 due to continued volume and yield growth. Average daily volume at FedEx Ground increased 7% and the continued growth of our FedEx Home Delivery service was outstanding where volume grew 15% versus last year. Operating income and margins were lower due to increased intercompany charges from the FedEx services segment and costs to enhance and defend the independent contractor model partially offset by the benefit from one additional operating day. Fuel cost increased 96% during the third quarter of 2008 and purchase transportation costs increased as a result of higher rates paid to our independent contractors and their higher fuel costs. Intercompany charges increased during the third quarter again, primarily due to increased net operating cost at FedEx Kinkos associated with reduced copy and print revenues, store expansion and service improvement activities.  Let’s take a look at our freight segment. Revenues increased 5% during the third quarter due to higher less than truckload yields. Although average daily LTL shipments decreased 3% as demand for these services continues to be restrained by the weak US economy, we are growing market share in both regional and national sectors. FedEx Freight segment operating income and operating margin decreased primarily due to the net impact of higher fuel costs, the fuel surcharge rate reduction and fewer long haul LTL shipments.  Now, let’s look at our guidance. As Fred mentioned, we expect our revenue growth rates to continue to be restrained across all segments for the remainder of 2008. For example at Express, our fuel surcharges are indexed to the spot price of jet fuel and for the month of April the fuel surcharge will be 20%. Based on current prices with the exception of the last two days, that could increase in May and we are in areas of very high elasticity. FedEx expects to earn between $1.60 and $1.80 per share in the fourth quarter of 2008 compared to $1.96 a year ago. Last year’s fourth quarter results did include a $0.06 per share benefit with a settlement with Airbus related to the A380 order cancellation. I must say that I don’t have as much confidence in this range as I normally do due to oil price volatility. The volatility in oil prices has been so high that it could cause us to miss this range on either side depending on how fuel prices react for the rest of 2008. This outlook assumes no additional increases to the current fuel price environment and no further weakening in the economy.  Looking ahead to our fiscal 2009 and based on the current economic environment, we’re expecting a continuation of fourth quarter trend which would result in limited earnings growth next year. We are in the middle of our fiscal 2009 business planning process now so I cannot give you any clearer pictures on the future than that until we meet again in June. We expect capital expenditures in 2008 of approximately $3 billion, very similar to what we spent in 2007. Much of the anticipated increase is on spending to support long term volume growth including expanded or additional facilities and aircraft. We also plan to continue to invest in our technology capabilities to include productivity and service levels. Because of the substantial lead time associated with the manufacture and modification of aircraft we must plan our aircraft orders and modifications well in advance of the expected delivery of the aircraft. While we also pursue market opportunities to purchase aircraft when they become available, we must make commitments regarding our airlift requirements years before the aircraft are actually needed. We are scrutinizing all capital expenses initiatives to realign with current business volumes.  FedEx Kinkos did open 252 centers this fiscal year-to-date as part of its plan to open 300 new centers this year. Given the weak economic outlook Kinkos will significantly slow its rate of expansion in fiscal 2009 to about 70 new locations. To answer a question that I anticipate being asked with both goodwill and recorded intangible assets at FedEx Kinkos the recoverability of these amounts is dependent on execution of key initiatives related to revenue growth, location expansion and improved profitability. We will perform our annual impairment testing of these assets in the fourth quarter of 2008. We will continue to invest in our long term strategic projects focused on expanding our global networks and broadening our service offering to position us for future growth once the economy begins a recovery process. However, if the economy downturn continues or becomes more pronounced we will take additional actions to control costs and capital expenditures.  With that operator, the team is now ready to answer questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We’ll go first to John Barnes, BB&T Capital Markets.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: Alan, could you talk a little about when you’re talking about making these changes to the cap ex budget, specifically where are you talking about pulling in? Is it aircraft? I know you talked about Kinkos and slowing the growth there but is there any more specifics you can provide there?
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : We’ll, let me talk about aircraft first. With fuel prices where they are and who knows where they’re going to go the fact of the matter is I wish we could get our 757s even faster and retire our fuel inefficient 727s much more quickly. While that would require more cap ex in the near term, those are very high ROI projects that will have significant long term benefits to us. The utilization is more or less 50% more efficient per unit carried for the 757. So, that’s a significant reduction in fuel costs right there on our cost per package. We look at where we thought we would be on our capital plans as late into the calendar in 2007, we’re seeing significant reductions in the demand for our services from what we thought they would be and therefore when you look at dock doors for example at freight, or expansions of the domestic express capabilities they are not going to be needed as soon as we need them so we’re looking to push those out to better align our cap ex with our long term growth opportunities and try and time those better. So, we’ll have a lot of very interesting decisions to make over the next couple of months and we’ll have more to say about that in June.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay so if I hear you right, no real change to the equipment spending but a little bit of a pull back on more infrastructure spending?
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : Right. We’ll try to better match our capabilities with what we think the market demands are going to be.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: Right. Then, my follow up question would be on the acquisition front, obviously the last couple of years you guys have been pretty inquisitive, Watkins and the like, what are you seeing right now? Does the current economic backdrop give you pause there and would you just rather hunker down an integrate what you have and kind of complete the rebranding before getting back there? Or, does this kind of environment create unique buying opportunities, better valuations? And, would you still have an appetite for acquisitions even with the current backdrop?
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : Well, I think we’re going to continue to be aggressive over the long term in expanding our service capabilities and filling the gaps that our customers tell us that we have in some of our service offerings and it will be very opportunistic. But, we have a very sharp pencil in terms of payback and ROI on those investments and there’s nothing that we have to do today. We think we’re very well positioned and we think we have these networks as tight as we can get them from a cost and capability standpoint versus what we see as current demand and we’ll continue to balance those things. It’s just going to depend on how things proceed and what happens in the environment. But we will remain aggressive and we will remain opportunistic.
Operator:  We’ll go next to Art Hatfield with Morgan Keegan.
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: Alan, historically you guys have always talked about keying off of industrial production growth with regards to your outlook. That fell off in February, is that something that you’re really keen on with regards to how you’re speaking about 2009 at this preliminary point?
T. Michael Glenn : As Fred said, we do expect GDP growth to be lower in calendar year 2008 than in 2007 with the news on industrial production being negative in February just coming out in the last couple of days. I think it’s a big premature to determine what’s the long term impact of that. Our volumes in the quarter were relatively stable although below where we would like to see them so we didn’t see any immediate impact of that throughout the quarter and specifically in the month of February but, it’s premature to see what kind of long term impact that would be. We are planning for lower GDP growth in calendar 2008 than 2007.
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: Can you give us at this point in time kind of where that falls out from your perspective?
T. Michael Glenn : GDP numbers?
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: Yeah.
T. Michael Glenn : Well, I think it would be kind of a wild card to through that out there. It’s going to be at least a couple of three tenths of a point, 300 basis points less though, I would say.
Operator:  We’ll go next to William Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: Alan, I’m wondering if you can tell us how much the China investment hurt Express’ margins in the quarter?
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : Well, I can tell you that they were a drag. We’re not going to start breaking out individual countries and individual services profitability but we still have a tremendous amount of long term confidence in what we’re doing in China. And of course, our overall – I was speaking about the domestic business in China, of course we have a very lucrative business to and from China that we’ve had for quite some time. So, we’re in great position overall in China. But, we are building a domestic express network and we are having a little bit slower of a revenue growth than we had original thought, again that’s economically driven. But, we have a great service over there and it will be less of a drag going forward.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: Mike, you mentioned that you’re not so confident on the economy here but you heard UPS’ comments last week. Can you compare your volumes here in March versus what they were suggesting that it’s down sort of the last six weeks?
T. Michael Glenn : Well, let me just say again, our volume is coming out of December. Our peak season have been relatively stable and from that perspective we’re pleased with that. Although again, they’re below where we would like to see them due to the overall weakness in the economy. But, they’ve been relatively stable on a month-to-month basis.
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : He’s talking about Express. Obviously, we’re continuing to grow at ground and as I mentioned our Home Delivery service which is just outstanding is having terrific growth at 15% right now. 
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Just one last question, on the multi route versus single route drivers, do you have a sense for your thinking for when you’ll think about whether that should be applied outside of California, sort of all throughout the network?
Christine P. Richards : We’ve been looking at options with respect to our independent contractor model and ways to improve it and to continue to provide outstanding service to our customers for years. We’ll be continuing to do that. We’ve been very pleased with the results of our California transition and have achieved overwhelming acceptance from the single route contractors in their move to multi route contractors or in accepting positions with multi route contractors.
Operator:  We’ll go next to David Roth with Stifel Nicolaus.
David Roth – Stifel Nicolaus: I wanted to ask about the FedEx Ground margins for a second. From your 98 to 2000 they were around 8 to 10% per year then they got hurt in the recession 2001 but, in 2002 to 2007 they were 11% to 14% and I thought we were looking at a new trend but now they’re back below 10%. So, with the enhanced independent contractor expense in place do you expect longer term for them to trend somewhere in between those two growth ranges? Or, where do you expect the Ground margins to be going forward?
David F. Rebholz : If you look at the current year we have certainly made investments but there are a number of factors both nominal one-time costs associated with this ongoing transition but there’s also the economic implications of productivity on the core numbers. When you get into piece per stops and the economics associated with Home Delivery. We have every confidence that with our continued growth over the next two to three timeline horizon that our margins will improve as the function of productivity. There are many beneficial offsets that come with growth. We’ve had a convergence of a slowing in our historical rate while we are very proud of the 13 to 14% in Home and in our smart post volumes as well. The fact of the matter is that, that continued growth rate will allow us to offset many of the cost factors that we’re experiencing right now.
David Roth – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then you mentioned smart post, with the change in the postal rates announced recently and more importantly the way they compete on the package size, how does that impact, if at all, your smart post operations?
David F. Rebholz : In two factors, we think there is both an economic upside but more importantly, an opportunity to expand the growth of our account base.
Operator:  We’ll go next to Gary Chase, Lehman Brothers.
Gary Chase – Lehman Brothers: Two questions on IP, the first is just about the volume outlook there. Obviously, the numbers have stayed pretty strong in terms of volume. You noted, I think it was Alan or Mike that noted domestic China wasn’t performing as well as you at least initially thought it was. Are there any signs that we should expect the IP volume growth rates to start to decline here?
David J. Bronczek : No, actually the volumes continue to be strong as you pointed out, 6% this quarter. Overall revenue, as Alan pointed out are up to 18.5% which I should point out is the highest growth rate IP has had since 05. So, we’re optimistic, things on the international intercontinental front continue to do exceedingly well around every region of the world.
Frederick W. Smith: It’s probably pretty logical that the elasticity of a very high fuel surcharge is not as high with an international priority package as it is with a domestic express because the alternatives are significantly slower for high value goods as opposed to the alternatives in the United States, I think that’s one. Secondarily, the weak dollar has had a very simulated impact on exports from the US which is part of what’s saving the economy right now and also helping drive our results.
Gary Chase – Lehman Brothers: Actually, that was the follow up I wanted to ask. Can you just give us a sense of the magnitude? You noted part of the yield improvement in IP is tied to currency. What sort of an organic yield growth net of currency?
Frederick W. Smith:  Well, currency was approximately half of the yield increase in IP and so that obviously had a pretty simulative impact but again, the US outbound volume is significantly stronger than the domestic express volume for the reasons that I mentioned and we expect that to continue at least in the next couple of quarters. 
Operator:  We’ll go next to John Langenfeld with Baird.
John Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Can you talk – if you look at the ground margin contraction, is the majority of that related to the conversion and legal expenses? And, when should that start to taper off?
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : Let me just say that the answer to that question is no. There were a lot of significant impacts. I took the extra time to talk about the services charge backs which had a bigger impact on Ground on a margin basis than they did at Express. So, as we improve Kinkos profitability and better tightly manage our services expenses that drag will start to disappear and hopefully become a positive. In fact, as we go out the next 12 to 18 months, some of the one-time costs associated with what we’re doing to enhance the model will go away and then the more permanent things that we’re doing, we will get paid back in the longer run with a significantly improved productivity and we’re very confident about that. Also, fuel had an impact on it this quarter as well. So, it was just a lot of things and the majority was not the contract enhancements. 
John Langenfeld – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Thanks for the color. And my follow up question, if I look at domestic express, maybe if you could just bring us back in history a little bit in the early 2000, I guess fiscal 02 we saw mid to upper single digit declines in volume and if I recall, I think a lot of that was due to kind of the initial mode shift to Ground. But, how much of that would be a realistic scenario if things got bad here? Meaning, if you look back at fiscal 02, how much of that do you think was just the initial mode shift versus the economy?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, it’s difficult to say exactly because you don’t have full visibility in the customer decisions whether mode shift is caused by higher prices on fuel and fuel surcharges or the value proposition itself. Let me remind you that one of the things that we’ve been able to do is make tremendous investments in the Ground value proposition where now over 80% of those items are delivered in three days or less. Just less than 10 years ago we called that an express transaction. So, the portfolio that we’ve built and the value proposition that we’ve built at FedEx Ground gives customers tremendous choice in determining what’s in their best interest. Having said that, when you have fuel surcharges on express as high as 20%, clearly customers are going to rethink the best way for them to take advantages of the broad portfolio that we have. We do expect that if the fuel surcharges increase and get in the 20% range that more customers will rethink these decisions and either slow those down to afternoon, next afternoon delivery, two day delivery or perhaps moving it into the Ground or LTL network. But, it’s difficult to say exactly what percentage was driven by economic factors and what was driven by enhanced value proposition. 
Operator:  We’ll go next to Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: Just a follow up on that if I may, the inelasticity I guess, we thought we’d see it when fuel hit $50 and then we thought we’d see it when fuel hit $70. Just wondering, are you actually seeing customers now start to pull back? And then to follow up on John’s question, do you think you see that upper single digit volume decline even with the IP down as you noted to these levels? Or, do you think it takes a much slower economic impact to get to those upper single digit declines?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, let me remind you the upper single digit decline was John’s number not our number. What you’re saying whether we get to that now or not. Can you repeat the question?
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: Just to start off was on the fuel, we thought we’d see some of this inelasticity when fuel hit $50 ten $70, those were the big numbers at the time. I’m just wondering what caused you to see that large of a swing right now? Or, are you seeing it because of fuel hitting $100?
Frederick W. Smith: Well, clearly there’s more discussion in the market about the fuel surcharge. Having said that, one of the things that FedEx led was the implementation of a dynamic fuel surcharge for Express and Ground services which is now common in the markets where we compete. So, customers have full visibility in advance of what’s going to happen to the fuel surcharge and that helps in that regard for them to plan accordingly. Our job is to make sure that we assist customers in getting the traffic into the right network that’s going to meet their service requirements so there’s elasticity to higher fuel, there’s no question about that. And, we will feel the impact of that and have felt the impact of that on our domestic express services and we’ll feel the impact of that going forward. But, the good news for FedEx is we have alternatives to move that into the Ground network or slower mode of Express transportation or into the LTL network.
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : Also historically, if you go back to 2001 and 2002, that was different kind of shock and the Ground capabilities were nowhere near what they are today. I mean we’ve speed of tens of thousands of lanes, we have perfect information, much better custodial control, Home Delivery service, all those additional really fantastic alternatives for Express that were not there in 2001 and 2002. So, we’re expecting to see a little more impact of this going forward if prices stay where they are and the economy stays where it is which is basically no growth. 
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: Alan, when you talk about 09 being relatively flat at this point based on – and I know you said there’s a huge swing factor based on fuel, can you tell us what is in that target as far as kind of whether it’s a volume or margin kind of impact on a year-over-year basis?
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : What I’m telling you is that we have in our previously announced and continually discussed financial objectives we try to grow earnings per share at least 10% a year and try and target a 10 to 15% range. What I’m saying is that’s not possible with fuel at these prices and no economic growth because as good as we are going to be, as well as we’re going to manage the company, we just aren’t going to be able to do that. Now, if those things would change, and I think they will, maybe not in fiscal 09 but beyond, we are extremely well positioned. I mean, we are again running as lean as we have ever run with the highest productivity levels so we’re in the middle of a plan right now and obviously the crystal ball for everybody is very cloudy here. 
Frederick W. Smith: Let me mention one other thing here which is very important and that is that inventory levels, now the inventory stocking out there is at all time low levels. So, people with visibility they have supply chains these days, invented I might add by FedEx some years ago, are able to adjust to changing macroeconomic conditions. So, if you have some bit from these actions of the Fed and fuel prices go down and so forth, there’s a good news scenario out there too. But, the wild card, as I said in my opening remarks, is fuel. I’d also like to put some color on a couple of these comments here and I know most of the folks on the call are focused on what the next quarter is, or the next six months or so forth but, we’ve been saying this for years, the Express business in the United States, we have not looked at that as a growth business for over a decade. 2000, you’re talking about the meltdown of the dot coms, you’re talking about the real beginning of a lot of migration of the overnight envelop business and the more electronic modes. So, our capacity in FedEx Express, sorting capacity, vehicle capacity, aviation capacity even in the United States has been directed towards the movement of international traffic to and from the hubs and then on into the international system. Now, that’s a very good thing for us because most of the costs in express are transaction driven, they’re not yield or size driven. So, as those IP packages come through the formally domestic capacity at a $50, $60, $70 per unit level and displace a domestic unit which is migrated into our much faster Ground system, that is a very good thing for us. And, both Express and Ground absent the fuel price would see benefits in terms of margin and profitability. It’s just that simple.  Also, in the international business and I think I ended the last call we had on this, what’s been going on for a long time and is going to continue for a long time is as the Internet continues to hook up millions of people who can now sell and source their goods with a common language, low cost medium of exchange with systems like our trade tools that make it very easy to cross borders, the traditional movement of goods by air is evolving into more of a small shipment door-to-door paradigm rather than into a consolidation type mode. It is that long term secular trend that continues to have IP growing even when you’ve got fuel prices of this level. Now, will that be 10%? Or 15%? Or 16%? I don’t know but I can tell you that those trends are very powerful. So, I always say this, you’ve got to look at the Express network as a global system and we’ve tried to the extent we can by putting this really outstanding Ground system in place to accommodate what the customers want and to use that capacity for international. I don’t know whether to this day whether that strategy has been as well understood as it should be.
Operator:  We’ll go next to Tom Wadewitz, JP Morgan.
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan:   I wanted to ask you about the cost control, you said obviously things are a little weak and the outlook is challenging so it sound like you would ratchet up your focus on cost in maybe fourth quarter and into fiscal 09. Can you give us any sense of the magnitude of the opportunities? And then I guess within in the current quarter you mentioned the incentive comp was down and I wondered if you could give any sense of the magnitude of that impact? Was that $10 million? $50 million? Just kind of a ballpark numbers so we can think about it.
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : Well, I don’t think it does us any good to go into specific magnitudes on those things, I don’t think it adds a lot of value. We have shock absorbers built in to our compensation plans. This company is a very much paper performance organization and we do well when the company does well and we don’t do so well when we’re in times like this. So, that shock absorber is working and we’ve reduced our annual incentive and long term incentive accruals accordingly. Having said that, the opportunities in a very big company like this to have immediate, quick impact are fairly high. We have a lot of smart people around there that all have a lot of really great ideas and all of them have ROIs. What we’re going to have to do is on a [inaudible] basis pick the ones with the best ROIs and put the rest of them off until we can find a better time to do them. All of which I think will add long term value to the company. So, we’ll have some tough decisions to make here but we’re going to make them.
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan: So, let me come at it at a little bit of a different angle, if you have volumes in Express down 2%, something like that and let’s say fuel prices are at a high level but stabilize, can Express margins be flat because you do some good things on costs to offset the volume weakness? Or, is there so much leverage to volumes that it’s just tough to keep the margin flat with expense focus?
Alan B. Graf, Jr. :   All I can tell you is we just had a flat quarter year-over-year in that exact environment you just said. So, we’re doing it. 
Frederick W. Smith: I’d point out again what I said before, margins at Express even with flat to declining domestic express volume can increase and will increase absent the fuel run up because we’re trading the same expense base for a $60 door-to-door IP shipment for a $15 or $20 domestic business. So, again I’m not sure I’m getting across to you. You just asked the question, will margins go down because of domestic Express volumes going down and the point is as long as IP grows and domestic volumes stay flat and decline a little bit, that’s not a bad thing, that’s a good thing because it means we don’t have to increase our expenses and our margin goes up. What’s eating the margin up is obviously the cost of fuel. Does that clarify it a little bit for you?
Operator:  We’ll go next to Edward Wolfe with Bear Stearns.
Analyst for Edward Wolfe – Bear Stearns: A quick question on the Ground and Home Delivery contractor model, can you tell us the percentage of single work area drivers versus say multi work drivers and maybe how that looked a year ago or five years ago?
Christine P. Richards : I can give you some sense that more than 50% of our routes are currently handled by multi area contractors. That has been growing steadily over the last few years. In California, we have stated our goal and plan by May 31st is to have 100% of the operation be with multi work area contractors so that has obviously contributed significantly to the growth this year.
Analyst for Edward Wolfe – Bear Stearns: Right. But 50% of the routes, what percentage of the driver count?
Christine P. Richards : It’s more helpful if you think about this really in terms of the route. The productivity benefits from a multi work approach are significant and it’s easier to understand if you look at it from a route point of view than the drivers.
Analyst for Edward Wolfe – Bear Stearns: Okay. But no sense as to the average number of routes carried by your typical MWA?
Christine P. Richards : We have multi work area drivers who have very large operations and we have some that are just a few routes so it varies widely. 
Operator:  We’ll go next to Donald Broughton with Avondale Partners.
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners: Once again we’ve had a quarterly conference call and Doug Duncan despite contributing 12% of the revenue hasn’t had a question so it’s his turn. I was looking at the release, you’ve got 3% negative volume and the stat books says 2.1% negative volume obviously a pretty tough comp last year. Can you give us some granularity, some color, whatever you want to call it on what was the growth pattern in regional versus national?
Douglas G. Duncan : Well, we’re not going to break them out because we run these two networks together and they do share some resources. But, I can tell you this, all of the negative growth rates were in the month of December. January and February were positive growth rates for both the regional network and the national network. So, we really think with all the things that we’ve done we’ve got our legs under us now and have some good growth momentum going in both networks now. 
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners: But Doug can you tell us at least did regional grow faster or shrink lower than national? Or, was it the other way around?
Douglas G. Duncan : Obviously, we had more upside at the national network. We’re a small player in a big long haul sector and we’ve got a service product that isn’t even close to being touched by any competitors in that marketplace. So, our growth rates are and should continue to be much faster in that national network for several years to come. 
Donald Broughton – Avondale Partners: So, it’s possible that segment actually had positive year-over-year volume comps for the quarter?
Douglas G. Duncan : Well, we’re not going to break it out but I’m telling you that we turned positive. All the negative was in December. January and February were positive and February was the most positive of all. So, we’re on a good growth curve here and we’re seeing those same trends going into March.
Operator:  We’ll go next to David Campbell, Thomas Davis & Company. 
David Campbell – Thomas, Davis & Company: I wondered if you could help explain why Federal Express and other companies are reporting increases in domestic airfreight tonnage while at the same time reporting like in your case a decrease in small package business? 
Frederick W. Smith: I can’t say that we’ve quantified this but as you know, there have been for the domestic airfreight business there have been a number of secular developments. First, the domestic airline industry has moved almost completely away from any wide body equipment in the domestic market except a few transcontinental routes so there really isn’t any capacity in the underbellies to move things in the domestic air market in that mode anymore. Number two, there have been some withdrawals of people who were in the door-to-door airfreight sector. Then third, the FedEx both domestic door-to-door express freight and particularly our intercontinental door-to-door express freight are fantastic products, they’re able to deliver levels of service and reliability that customers have never seen. So, for that market which isn’t all that big a market, we have a very superior value proposition and then when you put it across our entire portfolio with our FedEx freight products, regional freight, national LTL and custom critical we’re able to have a freight portfolio that for the people that need expedited freight, we’ve got the answer for them. So, that’s why it’s growing.
David Campbell – Thomas, Davis & Company: It’s a very good trend, it’s just surprising in such a supposedly weak economic environment. But, I’m very pleased to see it. In the fuel surcharge catch up in fiscal 09 assuming again, we don’t know but if fuel prices were to level out, wouldn’t that fuel surcharge catch up create earnings growth in 09?
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : Well, you have to look at each quarter and dissect it year-over-year. And, it if levels out which that’s the one thing I can promise you it will not do in fiscal 09 which will be stable and therein lies the issue why Fred said it was the wildcard for us going forward.
Operator:  We’ll go next to William Greene, Morgan Stanley.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: Just one quick follow up, Mike can you talk about the trends in B-to-B versus B-to-C? My assumption is your B-to-C package trends look positive and your B-to-B are probably down? But, I don’t know if that is in fact correct.
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : Well obviously in the quarter December has a strong B-to-C period because of the holiday shipping season but in our Ground business in particular we’ve seen strong B-to-C growth and it’s been less distinguishable in the Express segment. 
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: The difference between the two you mean?
Alan B. Graf, Jr. : Correct.
Operator:  We’ll go next to Jason Seidl, Credit Suisse.
Jason Seidle – Credit Suisse First Boston: A question for Doug, Doug can you talk about the differences in pricing in the LTL product between the regional and the national product?
Douglas G. Duncan : Well clearly in our regional market this is a mature business and we’re trying to protect our market share in slow economic times. We have a premium service and a premium price value proposition that still 88% of those shipments are delivered next day or second day so that’s one value proposition so they yields have been pretty stable there. On the national side we’ve been pretty aggressive in trying to grow that business after getting past all the integration issues and that’s a little more competitive than the regional market but nothing I would call irrational at this point.
Jason Seidle – Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. Next question, looking at the international priority business still strong [inaudible] I know comments would be that we anticipate this still to grow because of the emerging markets but if the US does flow into a sort of full fledge recessionary period what could we see the international growth rate dip to even with the emerging markets growing?
David J. Bronczek : We continue to grow in every region around the world including our US international outbound. We had excellent growth and foresee it being the case going forward. Latin America for example, Mexico into the United States, the trans border market, Canada as well. Europe and Asia continue to grow so we foresee the future for international to be positive in growing across the world.
Frederick W. Smith: At the risk of being a broken record mention again that what is happening in the intercontinental market is the traditional airfreight business because of the increasing ease of use and reliability of the network a lot of that market is devolving into door-to-door express rather than into consolidations. And in fact, my guess is as the price of fuel goes up what it really makes shippers do when they examine their supply chain is to decide whether it needs to go door-to-door express or it needs to go on the water. It’s that big middle ground where people have been consolidating and holding small freight shipments which goes to David Campbell’s point, it’s not just packages it’s light freight too, it’s skidded light freight. That’s now going door-to-door through express network and that’s why we think that the business has excellent long term prospects. Now, as the macroeconomic issues flop around clearly, it affects that. But, there are long term secular trends going on in this business that we’ve been following for over 15 years now. 
Operator:  Having no further questions I’d like to turn the conference over to Mickey Foster for any additional or closing comments.
Mickey Foster:  Thank you very much for your participation on our third quarter earnings conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thanks again.
Operator:  This does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2007-12-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Mickey Foster – Vice President, Investor Relations Fred Smith - Chairman, President and CEO Alan Graf - Executive Vice President and CFO Mike Glenn - Executive Vice President – Market Development and Corporate Communications Chris Richards - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Rob Carter - Executive Vice President – FedEx Information Services and CIO Dave Bronczek - President and CEO of FedEx Express Dave Rebholz - President and CEO of FedEx Ground Doug Duncan, President and CEO of FedEx Freight
Analysts: Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets William Greene – Morgan Stanley David Ross – Stifel Nicholaus Jason Seidl – Credit Suisse Gary Chase – Lehman Brothers Edward Wolfe – Bear Stearns Scott Flower – Bank of America Securities John Langenfeld – Baird Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch Rob Nichols – Manning & Napier Advisors David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Company Peter Jacobs – [Reagan Mackenzie]
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the FedEx Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time I will turn the call over to Mickey Foster, Vice President Investor Relations.
Mickey Foster: Good morning and welcome to the FedEx Corporation second quarter earnings conference call. The earnings release and stat book our on our website atwww.FedEx.com. This call is being broadcast from our website and the replay will be available for approximately one year. Joining us on the call today are also members of the media. During the question and answer session callers will be limited to one question and a follow up so we can accommodate all those who would like to participate. I want to remind all listeners that FedEx Corporation desires to take advantage of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. Certain statements on this conference call may be considered forward looking statements, such as statements relating to managements views with respect to future events and financial performance. Such forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from historical experience or from future results expressed or implied by such forward looking statements. For additional information on these factors please refer to FedEx Corporation and its subsidiaries press releases and filings with the SEC. To the extent we may disclose any non-GAAP financial measures on this call please refer to the investor relations portion of our website atwww.FedEx.com for reconciliation of such measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Joining us on the call today are Fred Smith, Chairman, President and CEO, Alan Graf, Executive Vice President and CFO, Mike Glenn, Executive Vice President – Market Development and Corporate Communications, Chris Richards, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Rob Carter, Executive Vice President – FedEx Information Services and CIO, Dave Bronczek, President and CEO of FedEx Express, Dave Rebholz, President and CEO of FedEx Ground, and Doug Duncan, President and CEO of FedEx Freight. Now our Chairman, Fred Smith will share his views on the quarter followed by Alan Graf and after Alan we will have question and answers.
Fred Smith: Good morning everyone, Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas. Thank you for joining our conference call focusing on FedEx’s financial and operating performance during the second fiscal quarter of 08’. FedEx as most of you know is truly a global company, serving more than 220 countries and territories with unparalleled networks of transportation and information systems. We are seeing continued international growth; our strategic investments have well positioned FedEx to take advantage of macro economic trends and increased activity in important world markets. In the second fiscal quarter revenues from FedEx International Priority shipments grew 13%, led by increases from Asia and US Export. FedEx International Domestic revenues rose as strategic acquisitions gained traction in countries such as the United Kingdom, China and India. A recently launched direct FedEx Express Freight or Flight between Manchester in the United Kingdom and the United States is showing good results. Last week FedEx Express announced the opening of a new branch in Fuzhou, China. It’s an example of China’s booming second and third tier cities. In 2006 its volume of foreign trade exceeded $3 billion, a 32.6% increase year over year. That’s just one example of one city. US economy continues to grow but it is clearly restrained by high fuel prices, slower growth in industrial production and a decline in the automotive market. During the current 12 month period about one million fewer cars were sold in this country. There is, of course, a financial crisis and significant turn down in the housing industry as well. We recognize these challenging macro economic trends and are taking action in the remainder of FY08 to address these conditions. We remain, however, confident about a long term prospects for profitable growth in all our business segments. This is the busiest time of the year at FedEx and I want to thank our 280,000 FedEx team members around the world for their dedication and hard work in delivering the Holiday’s for our customers. Because of that wonderful teams outstanding efforts, FedEx set a record for its busiest day on December 17th, moving about 11.4 million packages through our global networks. This years peak was a particularly strong one for www.FedEx.com, for the first time, daily shipments generated online surpassed the two million mark. In addition to the beginning of our peak season, FedEx is busy on several fronts during the second quarter of fiscal year 08’. FedEx was front and center in US and International relief efforts. FedEx, along with our partner relief organizations helped deliver more than 130 tons of relief supplies in response to disasters in California, Peru, Mexico and the Dominican Republic. Red Cross recently awarded FedEx its Circle of Humanitarians Award for contributions and long standing commitment to the Red Cross. In October, thousands of FedEx team members continued the tradition of participating in FedEx Cares Week. A week long volunteer event, benefiting local communities across the country. FedEx-United Way relationship is some 30 years old and this year we raised nearly $16 million for United Way, a record for FedEx and its team members. For many years, FedEx as been known as a good place to work and we are proud of recognition for our workplace accomplishments. Fortune Magazine recognized FedEx as one of its 2007 Blue Ribbon Companies for appearing on lists such as Americas Most Admired Companies, the Global Most Admired Companies and Most Desirable MBA Employer. FedEx was ranked number one among companies most admired for human resources. List, a joint effort of the Haig Group and Human Resources Executive Magazine ranks the top 50 companies most admired in people, management, innovation, product and service quality and management quality. Pink a magazine for successful female business executives and entrepreneurs rated FedEx as one of the top companies for women. For closing I want to reiterate that FedEx will aggressively manage our costs going forward. That includes costs related to operations, capital expenditures and personnel to address the economic challenges facing the corporation. Alan Graf will provide more information on that in a moment. I’d also like to remind any of you procrastinators that FedEx is ready to help deliver your holiday gifts on time. The last day to ship with FedEx Express is the day after tomorrow, December 22, for delivery scheduled before Christmas. Let me turn it now over to Alan.
Alan Graf: Good morning everyone. This morning we reported earnings per share of $1.54 for the second quarter ended November 30, compared to $1.64 per share a year ago. Overall revenue growth was up 6% to $9.5 billion for the second quarter and was primarily attributable to continued growth in FedEx Express International Priority volumes and yields, significant increases in FedEx Express International Domestic revenues due to acquisitions in the second half of fiscal 2007 and continued very strong volume growth at FedEx Ground. The profit decline was primarily due to the net impact of substantially higher fuel costs and continued weakness in the US economy which is limiting demand for our US Domestic Dxpress package and less than truck load freight services. Lower variable incentive compensation and reduced retirement costs partially mitigated the impact of the higher net fuel costs in the weak economy. While we have indexed fuel surcharges in place they cannot keep pace in the short term with rapidly rising fuel prices. Fuel expense increased approximately 23% during the second quarter of 2008, primarily due to an increase in the average price per gallon of fuel. We used 306 million gallons of jet fuel in the second quarter. Our operating income in the second quarter reflected a difficult quarter over quarter comparison as last years second quarter results benefited from the timing lag that exists when we purchase fuel and when our indexed fuel surcharges automatically adjust. During the second quarter of fiscal 2008 we experienced just the opposite affect as fuel prices significantly increased throughout the quarter. While changes in fuel surcharges for FedEx Express and FedEx Ground lagged these increases by approximately six to eight weeks. Looking at our segments and starting with Express, revenue for the quarter was $6.04 billion an increase of 6%. Operating income was $531 million, an increase of 5%. Our shining star during the quarter was International Priority; IP revenues grew 13% on volume growth of 7% and a yield improvement of 5%. IP volume growth during the second quarter was due to increase demand in Asia, with double digit volume growth there resulting from continued expansion of our services in the important Asian markets. IP yields were favorably impacted by exchange rate as well as higher weights per package. Increased International Domestic volumes were driven by acquisitions in the second half of fiscal 2007. US Domestic Package and US Freight volumes decreased during the second quarter. In addition to higher net fuel costs and the softness in the US economy, continued investment in Domestic Express services in China also restrained earnings in the second quarter. In October of calendar 2007, we announced a 6.9% average list price increase effective January 7, 2008, on FedEx Express US Domestic and US Outbound Express Package and Freight Shipments and made various changes to other surcharges. While we lowered our fuel surcharge index by 2%. Turning to Ground, for the second quarter, revenues were $1.7 billion, up 12% but operating income was $173 million down 10%. Revenues at Ground increased during the second quarter due to 8% volume growth and 3% yield growth. Average daily volumes at FedEx Ground rose in the second quarter to continued growth of our FedEx Home Delivery Service and market share gains in our commercial business. Yield improvement during the second quarter was primarily due to the impact of a general rate increase and higher extra service revenue, primarily through our residential, additional handling, large package surcharges and dimensional rating. Operating income and margin were lower primarily, again, due to the independent contractor incentive programs, higher net fuel costs and investments to continue to expand our capacity to meet the growing demand for our services. We look at Freight in the second quarter, we reported revenue of $1.24 billion which was up 1%, but operating income was $79 million, which was down substantially by 43%. Simply stated, less than truck load shipments declined 6% year over year as demands for services in the LTL sector has been severely restrained by the weak US economy. We expect this weakness to continue into our third fiscal quarter. Turing now to guidance, ongoing weakness in the US economy and high fuel costs will continue to restrain our results. These factors will be mitigated by revenue growth primarily from International Priority Services at Express and increased volumes at Ground. We expect earnings to be in the $1.15 to $1.30 range in the third quarter compared to $1.35 a year ago. For the full year we are still holding our most recent guidance of $6.40 to $6.70. This outlook does assume relative stability in fuel prices and no additional weakening in the economy. We are looking for economic growth in the 2.25% to 2.5% range for the rest of the fiscal year. Our cash flows and our liquidity remain very strong. We will continue to make significant investments to expand our global networks and broaden our service offerings, particularly through our international investments. Our planned investments for 2008 are focused on support for long term volume growth. Including additional and expanded facilities and new aircraft, improvements in service level, improvements to productivity including updates and enhancements through our terrific technology capabilities. Capital expenditures during the first half were higher than the prior year, primarily due to increased spending at Express for facility expansion and sending at Services associated with the addition of new locations at FedEx Kinko’s. However, in light of the impact of the weak US economy on demand for domestic package and LTL services we have reduced our 2008 capital target down [inaudible] percent, to approximately $3.1 billion. We’ll continue to examine this as we go through the remainder of the year. FedEx Kinko’s will slow the rate of expansion of new locations in fiscal 2009 and will balance store expansion efforts with initiatives to improve the customer experience at existing stores. We are employing significant cross containments and costs targeting initiatives across all of our business segments and manage near term expenditures but we will continue to pursue strategic projects related to our long term growth plan. We do remain optimistic about the long term prospects for all of our business segments. In general operating productivity has improved significantly and I want to join Fred and the rest of the management team in thanking all the men and women here at FedEx for their very hard work and dedication during this extremely busy peak season. We are achieving very high service levels and are satisfying customers every day. Now the team will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll go first to Tom Wadewitz with JP Morgan.
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan: The question that stands out to me the most is on your guidance and it appears that in maintaining the full year you have very aggressive guidance for fourth quarter. I don’t know if this is precisely backing into it but something like mid teens growth, 16% year over year growth in fourth quarter following third quarter being down year over year. I wonder if you could explain to us, are there some significant cost take outs that affect fourth quarter and provide that optimism, is it demand really picking up, is it China Express, what’s really behind that and how much confidence do you have that you’re going to see that fairly sharp turn in earnings in fourth quarter?
Alan Graf: I think there are a couple of reasons worth noting here. One, we are expecting to see very similar results at FedEx Ground volume and FedEx International Priority volumes in the third and fourth quarter. That will be part one of why we believe the fourth quarter will be improving so much. Importantly at Express, if fuel prices remain stable, the affect that we’ve had here in the second quarter is going to reverse significantly in the fourth quarter and we will get back most of or all of what we lost in the second quarter year over year in the fourth quarter. Fuel will be a very big positive in the fourth quarter and continued IP and Ground growth. As far as costs, we are being very aggressive in restraining our overhead in our SG&A areas across the board we are retargeting our priorities and have focused more on what we think are the very highest return projects and frankly, setting some aside until we see a better economic environment.
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan: Are there significant cost take out opportunities that you can really work on in the near term; I guess in terms of the China Express rollout, is there some expectation at fourth quarter that you lap some of the costs and that begins to help you or is that a little further out than fourth quarter?
Alan Graf: There is some lapping going on in two areas. One is certainly China, secondarily in our national less than truckload business which has been weak for several quarters in a row. That’s definitely happening. I’ll let Dave talk to you about China.
Dave Bronczek: China Domestic is actually doing very well. Their volumes almost every week set new records for us. I should point out that the International Priority product that we have around the world is really the powerful driver of our IP revenues. It’s not just China Domestic at the moment.
Tom Wadewitz – JP Morgan: Thank you for the time.
Operator: We’ll go next to Art Hatfield with Morgan Keegan
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: Just one quick question, Alan, on the Ground, on the driver incentive program, can you help us quantify a little bit more what the cost you in Q2 and how should we think about that impacting the results in Q3 and Q4.
Alan Graf: I’m not going to quantify it specifically, Art, but of course it has to do with several areas, notably California as well as some changes to our incentive plans that are ongoing in the rest of the country. I’ll let Mr. Rebholz give you a little bit more color on that.
Dave Rebholz: We have the bulk of the expenses reflected in our go forward forecast. We had a terrific response in the California contractors; they have transferred into multi-work area and have signed up. There was a secondary component to the incentive, that is an incentive to drive more contractors into the multi-work area system and we’re north of three quarters of those people signed up for the program and as already stated the costs are reflective in the go forward numbers.
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: Is there a date where this program ends or where we shouldn’t see the near term costs reflected in earnings?
Dave Rebholz: The variable incentive is an ongoing improvement to the contractor model, that’s it.
Art Hatfield – Morgan Keegan: Thank you very much.
Operator: We’ll go next to John Barnes with BB&T Capital Markets.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: I missed a couple minutes of the beginning of the conference call, Alan; did you quantify the dollar reduction in CapEx that you sighted in your press release?
Alan Graf: We’re targeting that at about $3.1 billion, which is about 11% reduction.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: Can you elaborate a little bit as to where that money is coming out of?
Alan Graf: It’s across the board with the exception of what we need to do at Ground in terms of continuing to expand our facilities to handle the unbelievable volume growth that they have. I should just take this opportunity to let you know that on Monday night, Ground had 900,000 more pick ups this year than last year, packages that is, when you think about the productivity and the work that has to go into that kind of surge, which is continuing, we have to build additional facilities and have more people providing the service. Everywhere else we’ve reduced pretty much across the board, we’ve delayed some vehicles, some information technology, pushed out a couple of aircraft, but are still investing in the areas we think have the highest ROIC.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: Does this change the outlook on the fleet replacement program? Does it delay it at all or is that still ongoing?
Alan Graf: No, we really very much are excited about the 757’s and the 777’s, the productivity and return on investment capital on those are huge. With the price of fuel in particular they are going to exceed anything we’ve ever done. While there certainly are long term in nature in terms of their returns their really vital for the strategy of this company going forward.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: Last question, from a cost standpoint, as you get down into the LTL segment, you’ve taken a bit of a margin hit, I think there’s been some re-branding of Watkins and some integration of things like that. Where do you stand in that and how much of that cost begins to fall off over the next two, three, four quarters?
Doug Duncan: Yes, we did have, I think it was $3.5 million of re-branding in the quarter. We have to have it all done by September of next year and we are well on track to do that. I would point out on the margins though that there were a couple big one timers in there. Last year we had insurance proceed from Hurricane Katrina, we also had a big gain on a sale of a piece of property in Sacramento. You couple that with the fuel surcharge reduction, that’s almost 400 basis points of the change year over year.
John Barnes – BB&T Capital Markets: Thanks for the color, nice quarter guys, thanks for your time.
Operator: We’ll go next to William Greene with Morgan Stanley.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: Just one quick follow up to the comment you made about the 900,000 more pick ups. How much growth is that?
Alan Graf: It’s actually the number of packages. It’s substantially higher than the average growth rate that we’ve had; it was a very big day.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: If we look at the US Export business, how much was that up in the quarter?
Dave Rebholz: Let me just say that for IP revenue this quarter I wanted to point this out, it was the highest growth rate we’ve had in six quarters. Interestingly enough, Asia Pacific led the strong double digit growth rates across the world. US Export was right there with it and Europe, but Latin America and Canada also grew year over year. US Export was up over 10%.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: That’s faster than you had in the fiscal first quarter?
Dave Rebholz: Yes, that’s right.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: Last question, on the rate increases that you announced for calendar 08’. How much should we assume typically can make it into yield after discounting?
Mike Glenn: A substantial part of it will flow through, although that’s difficult to say in this particular economic time with fuel prices being what they are. I would say fuel prices are the wild card in this particular period. We’ll have to wait and see, we’ve always seen a substantial flow through, again, I think fuel is the wild card.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: Mike, let me just ask you if you look at it from the perspective of the last down turn that we had, or slow down, back at the early part of this decade. How much of it were you able to capture back then, was it 10%, 20% of the increase?
Mike Glenn: I think it’s a difficult comparison because we didn’t have fuel surcharge index in place at that time, I don’t know that you can use that as a comparison to go forward.
William Greene – Morgan Stanley: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go next to David Ross with Stifel Nicholaus.
David Ross – Stifel Nicholaus: A question on FedEx Freight, the growth in National LTL versus the Legacy FedEx Freight business, what’s the difference in volume growth there?
Doug Duncan: They both grew sequentially year over year from Q1 which is really what we were looking at. We put these companies together; we’ve integrated them now that you see Q2 you’ve got good year over year comparisons of the entire business segment. These two companies are actually managed together, the IT systems are the same, the sales force is the same, they interchange shipments between each other to maintain 100% coverage around the country. It’s really difficult to break that out. Of course, now that we’ve got Q2 and we’ve got year over year comparables we manage the networks together and that’s the way we report them. I think the 6% decline in shipment is your year over year comparable for the entire network.
David Ross – Stifel Nicholaus: The fuel surcharge impact at FedEx Freight, what was the net impact on the margin in the quarter?
Doug Duncan: The fuel surcharge reduction that we took on retail pricing on the surface was about two margin points. That was part of an overall strategy to make us more competitive with the small and medium sized customer. After we got the reengineering done at National and we’ve combined the sales forces, that’s just one piece to our strategy of aggressively going after the market and beginning to grow market share in these two networks.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jason Seidl with Credit Suisse
Jason Seidl – Credit Suisse: First, Fred, congratulation on the Humanitarian Award, that’s probably more important than anything we are talking about on this call. If I can go back to some of the comments about the contractor model at Ground. Alan, while you’re not going to quantify in terms of the impact, can you give us an idea, are you going to do what you did in California across other states throughout the course of the year. Is that how we should look on margin pressure going forward?
Chris Richards: I’m going to try to respond to that. As we said in our press release, we have an increased level of uncertainty in both the regulatory and the legal area. The changes we’ve made are in response to legal action in California and other aspects of the challenges that we are seeing. We continue to aggressively work these issues and we’re very pleased with the outcome of both of these programs. We had virtually all of the California contractors accept the incentives and we’ve had a tremendous response on the nationwide program.
Jason Seidl – Credit Suisse: On the Freight side, Doug, did FedEx National lose money again in the quarter or did you guys reach break even?
Doug Duncan: It’s impossible to break that out now that would give you anything constructive to use. These networks are managed together, they interchange shipments, they share the same IT, they share the same sales force. We are managing these together now so that now that we’ve go the year over year comparables in Q2 I think that’s the right way to look at for the entire business segment.
Alan Graf: I would add that Doug is exactly correct. Maybe this will help you, in a very weak, less than truck load market; the weakest part of it is the long haul part of it.
Operator: We’ll go next to Gary Chase with Lehman Brothers.
Gary Chase – Lehman Brothers: Just curious on the currency side in IP, that clearly helps yield. I’m wondering, should we think of that as a profit contributor or do you have enough non-dollar costs that kind of washes it out in the op profit line?
Alan Graf: We do have a lot offshore expenses these days associated with pick up and deliver of course. Our fuel, pilot pay and depreciation of aircraft are dollar denominated. It was a help for profit, no question about it.
Gary Chase – Lehman Brothers: Is there some percentage that we can use as a benchmark, I guess we can go back and look at what those are?
Alan Graf: In our case, it’s not substantial like it would be for other companies, particularly manufacturing companies, but it did have a little bit of a boost for us this quarter.
Operator: We’ll go next to Edward Wolfe with Bear Stearns.
Edward Wolfe – Bear Stearns: Two questions, just following up on the Ground side and then on guidance if we could. The language in your release is pretty strong for the first time, talking about its reasonably possible that cost increases could be material going forward for the change in relationships with your contractors. Should we view this as legalese or should we view this as there really is ongoing changes or the risk of changes that might alter the ongoing margin potential at Ground. How do we think about that and what are you referring to?
Chris Richards: As you know, we’re well committed to providing the most transparent disclosure that we can in both the releases and the SEC filings. This is a best summary that we can provide of a situation that we are dealing with right now. It’s very straightforward, we anticipate changes and we understand that it’s reasonably possible that these cost increases could be material.
Edward Wolfe – Bear Stearns: Why now though, you haven’t put this in before? What’s changed in the timing of this?
Chris Richards: We felt at this point in time it was best to go ahead and talk about this in this context.
Edward Wolfe – Bear Stearns: A follow up on the guidance. Alan, you talked about the fuel impact would reverse itself in two quarter. If fuel stays flat and it peaked a couple weeks back, why shouldn’t that reverse itself in two months in the current quarter, why should it wait four months to reverse itself, what am I missing?
Alan Graf: You’re not missing a thing, Ed, you’re correct. It will be a benefit in the third quarter but the year over year impact won’t be nearly as big as it will be in the fourth.
Edward Wolfe – Bear Stearns: You made one other comment about the volumes that would pick up in the fourth quarter, I didn’t quite understand. Something about Express and Ground volumes as good in fourth quarter, as third quarter. I didn’t quite get that.
Alan Graf: What we’re saying is that those are going to remain the two strongest parts of our business. We’ve got, again with a caveat that we’re not expecting a recession; we are expecting continued growth, although it would be low, particularly global growth. At our IP and Ground volumes are going to be significant profit contributors in the fourth quarter.
Operator: We’ll go next to Scott Flower with Bank of America Securities
Scott Flower – Bank of America Securities: I just wondered if I could get a little color on, however you want to describe it, as we look through the quarter between the different units of Freight, Ground, and Express. How did volume growth progress, was it even, did it vary, did it get better, did it get worse. I’m just trying to get some gauge as we look through the fiscal second quarter. How did volume growth progress?
Alan Graf: Volume growth did not materially increase in the quarter until we got into this last week. We’ve seen a strong surge in volume in this last week. Obviously a lot of people are delaying purchases and making those via the internet because they can now. Having said that, the quarter, relatively speaking, did not see the increases that you would expect to see as you approach peak season and approach the Christmas Holiday period.
Scott Flower – Bank of America Securities: Did the rate of change slow or increase or what is about the same throughout the different months, understanding there is seasonality?
Alan Graf: It was relatively flat compared to previous years. Moving up towards the final week or so of the holiday period.
Scott Flower – Bank of America Securities: The other quick question I had is. I’m just wondering, one of the things we look at, maybe because of the mix of some of the acquisitions you’ve made, that obviously weight of package may matter, obviously weight of package was up 8% or so. Is that a function of some of the international acquisitions or is that a domestic number is that telling us anything that the weight of package is improving or is that a mix affect from acquisitions or just in general? The average weight of express package I think was up about 8% in the quarter and I’m just trying to get a sense of was that driven by mix affect due to acquisitions or was that maybe telling that the depth of the economy is overstated and sort of all the doom and gloom that’s prevalent. Not in this call but just generically in the market today?
Alan Graf: Primarily related to IP packages, although there was some mix issue on the domestic side related to softer volumes in the financial markets.
Operator: We’ll go next to John Langenfeld of Baird.
John Langenfeld – Baird: Can you reflect on the pricing environment today, Domestic, Express pricing environment today versus maybe the 2000-2001 calendar period?
Alan Graf: You’re taxing my memory here by asking me to go all the way back to 2000-2001. The best way that I can answer that question is to say that we’ve seen no material change in the recent quarters.
John Langenfeld – Baird: It seems like there was more pressure on the yield side back then, when the economy slowed than what we’re seeing here today.
Alan Graf: I think there are a number of factors that are different today. Obviously, FedEx has a very broad portfolio of services that allows us to customize our solutions to meet the individual needs of any of our major customers. As a result of that, they have the flexibility to move volume between networks to meet their needs at any given time during a business cycle. We have seen some movement of volumes between express and ground networks, between our Priority and Preferred services and that does certainly impact the pricing environment in a significant way. You have to look at it relative to the portfolio that we offer today versus what was available in 2001, it’s significantly different.
John Langenfeld – Baird: Doug, your business is probably closest to the day to day economy. As you think about how your trends progress during the quarter, can you give us some color? Was it consistent, did it deteriorate throughout the quarter, how would you look at that on a volume basis?
Doug Duncan: Clearly our strongest month was November; clearly it built during the quarter. I think you have to go back and understand that we came out of the summer, we got the FedEx National Company, all the reengineering network changes done, we completed the consolidation of our sales force so we had a sales force out there with a strong message. We introduced the service level and the long haul business that is head and shoulders above everything else that’s out there. I think the track we’ve seen since summer the growth track we’ve seen has been far more about market share growth than it has been about the economic growth. The truck indexes that I see have been continuing to climb and flat and we have bucked that trend but I think that’s a FedEx phenomenon and not necessarily a market phenomenon.
Operator: We’ll go next to Ken Hoexter with Merrill Lynch.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: I want to review what you said about the peak season. Are you saying through December you are seeing higher volumes than a year ago? You were saying the record days had been stronger. I just want to understand, or were you just referring specifically just to the peak day?
David Rebholz: In Alan’s opening remarks he was referring specifically to the peak day. Having said that, what we did see a record volume, if you look at the month as a whole, really kind of trailing what you’ve seen with retail sales the start of the month was a little bit less than we anticipated but we have seen some strengthening as we get closer to Christmas. This week, for example, has been particularly strong. I would call it more of a balloon affect and it’s really had, I think the higher fuel prices that we’re seeing which I think fuel or petroleum is representing about 7% of GDP which is significantly up as having a material impact on spending in the holiday season, we are seeing the affect of that. Having said that, this week has been strong.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: Strong, obviously it always builds to this week, it’s strong in a year over year basis or just stronger than the prior weeks?
David Rebholz: Stronger than prior weeks.
Ken Hoexter – Merrill Lynch: If we can revisit what you were talking about Ground, there was a string of lawsuits filed in California I just saw something happen in Massachusetts last night. I though everything was aggregated into Indiana or Illinois where you aggregated 30 some odd cases. That offer that you made in California, it sounded like there was an incentive program nationwide, are you offering the same bullet, deadline for everybody to go to multi-routes or is that something that’s kind of an offer but not mandated?
Chris Richards: There are several things going on and I can certainly understand how this can be confusing. First of all, the California incentives were offered in part, because we had litigation that was a separate litigation the Estrada case in California. Those California incentives as you correctly note were to convert single route contractors into multi-route contractor operations, that’s been very well received. At the same time we did that, we provided incentives to our contractors on a nationwide basis to enhance our multi-route operations, especially for those that want to grow their business. That is not particularly tied to any specific litigation or challenge, it was thought to be a good business move and consistent with our needs as a growing business. The multi-district litigation in Indiana is the consolidation of what are now 40 separate cases and with the exception of just one or two trailing cases those matters have now all been briefed and are awaiting decision in class certification except for the Kansas case where a decision was entered during this quarter. We have appealed that decision on class certification to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals and are waiting an outcome on that. Those matters continue to proceed. Separate from that litigation, however, we continue to have periodic challenges or allegations, like the ones made yesterday in Massachusetts. The Massachusetts AD yesterday issued citations which are a type of civil allegation, alleging certain violations in Massachusetts with respect to thirteen single route contractors. This is a beginning of a civil process where we will contest those allegations and we face these challenges periodically throughout the US.
Operator: We’ll go next to Rob Nichols of Manning & Napier Advisors.
Rob Nichols – Manning & Napier Advisors: Given some of the costs pressures that might be developing in the Ground business, can you talk a little bit about how you think you might try to recover some of those cost pressures or improve the margins in you will? Is it passing some of the costs along to customers, is it reaching for more volume, are there cost cutting opportunities, you can use to offset some of these?
Dave Rebholz: There’s no question that productivity and growth go hand in hand to offset cost pressures. We have consistently done on a year over year basis a terrific job of dropping productivity to the bottom line. Both to offset our capital investments and other costs that may arise. If you look at the core quarter, the core business was simply fantastic. I was very proud of our team. We did have some onetime costs that we recognized that were related to legal, but those are onetime costs. We expect that the continued productivity and technology investments that we have been making consistently over our 20 years will continue to reap benefits in anticipation of our earnings goals that we set for ourselves.
Rob Nichols – Manny & Napier Advisors: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to David Campbell with Thompson, Davis & Company
David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Company: There’s quite a bit of debate going on about the domestic downturn in industrial activity and consumer spending, spreading eventually to reduction in international business activity and tonnage growth rates. Do you have any opinion on that?
Fred Smith: Let me try to give you a couple of larger themes about what’s going on. I think sometimes in these conference calls we get focused on a number here or a number there. The global trading system for the movement of goods like we carry is extremely strong and it is being driven by substantial macro economic trends. The most important of that is that you now have, in the form of the internet, a very low cost standardized visual medium where people can sell and source goods without regard to time or place. At the same time, you have networks like the one pioneered by FedEx, remember, we are the leader by a long shot in moving goods by air around the world. Sixty percent bigger than the next largest entity out there. Because of the great information systems we’ve put together and FedEx trade tools and so forth you are making it easy to move small lots of just in time type shipments. That is what is driving the growth in our IP business overall. I suspect even with low economic growth that that is going to continue for some time in the future. That’s a very positive story for our company. In particular, there are two subsets to that in our outlook. One is the dollar exchange rate is driving a substantial growth in international exports. There too, we have a commanding market share lead so we are benefiting and Dave Bronczek and his team are adding capacity. I mentioned Manchester Express Freighter that we put in place. The second theme is the outstanding domestic China network that we put in place. Obviously it’s a drag on earnings at the moment, but it is incredible what’s going on in China and we have a great service over there and I think both of these things in that very big macro economic trend is going to continue for some period of time. The second major issue is on the Ground side we are growing at a very rapid rate. We are growing at a very rapid rate because Dave Rebholz and his team have vastly improved the Ground network over the last few years and it is a heck of a value proposition. Those two themes are going forward. On the economy as a whole, as I think Alan mentioned a moment ago, you had since 2002 petroleum go from 3.1% of GDP to about 7% of GDP, you’ve lost 4% of the GDP in the United States which is mostly shipped offshore because 60% of our petroleum is now imported, that’s a huge offset to the growth in US export of goods and services. Of course all of you are familiar with the meltdown in the financial markets and what that has to do with housing. With fuel prices up and the housing meltdown you see a very tepid growth rate in the US economy as Alan mentioned to you. In the housing and automotive sectors where we see that the most is on the freight side, which are tied into those areas. We have outstanding growth opportunities in the international marketplace and on the Ground side of the house and I believe that this reengineering that Doug did in his Freight network, which, as he mentioned is providing a level of service never seen in that industry ever before. I think I’m correct, Doug, you are providing in excess of 98% on time deliveries in the national system as well as the regional system.
Doug Duncan: That is correct.
Fred Smith: Those are the bigger themes here and we don’t think that the United States is going to see an economic meltdown but we don’t think there is going to be strong growth in the US economy and that’s what our forecast is built around. We have a lot of confidence in these numbers that we are putting out there provided you don’t see fuel run up and bear in mind that last March’s conference call I said repeatedly that fuel is a wild card and fuel I think at that time was about $60 a barrel, it went to $90. As long as you don’t have a huge crisis of confidence. I personally think that the Congress and the administration ought to put some stimulative things out there. Monetary policy and the Fed can’t do it all. Larry Summers, yesterday, who is traditionally has a Democratic point of view is calling for tax cuts. The US tax rates on corporate tax rates are simply non-competitive; we are the highest of all industrialized counties except one. Reduction in corporate tax rates or new investment tax credit or something along those lines may be necessary to get it back into the growth rate, particularly when you’ve got to absorb new plant and equipment that is more efficient in terms of energy use. You cannot have an economy that goes from 3% of GDP spent on petroleum to 7% in a five year period without having it have a big affect.
David Campbell – Thompson, Davis & Company: For my follow up, if the dollar were to not continue to be weak and say were to rally somewhat. Would that have a negative effect on our export growth? In other words, how much of the strength in exports is due to the dollar and how much is due to just overseas economic growth?
Fred Smith: My guess is the much bigger factor in this is that huge macro economic scenario that I gave you. I think that is, to quote my friend the President, “Mis-underestimated” for a long time. You’ve got to remember, David, our planes go both ways. We’re happy to take stuff from China, from the United States and exchange rates are clearly an exogenous factor as are petroleum prices. I think the general growth story, because of those big factors I mentioned to you in the international trading area in the suite spot where we stand is going to continue for some period of time. We may be wrong, but it’s been going on for a long time now and I don’t think it’s going to change much despite exchange rates.
Operator: We’ll go next to Peter Jacobs with [Reagan Mackenzie].
Peter Jacobs – [Reagan Mackenzie]: First, for Fred, there was a commentary in the November 16th announcement that when you revised guidance downwards, basically saying that you are seeing some economic signs that the decline in industrial production has hit bottom. Could you talk about that a little bit and then I have a follow up question to get a better sense of the business and the percentage of business now that it’s being done basically from consumers ordering packages on the internet or gifts on the internet and sending those off?
Fred Smith: In regard to the first question, I think in terms of year over year and industrial production in the first quarter calendar 07’ we were looking at industrial production about 2.5% year over year growth. Second quarter 1.8%, third quarter 1.8% and the fourth quarter we are estimating at about 2.1%. That will give you some indication. It didn’t decline; it went down to the trough and is sort of knocking along there at about 1.8% to 2% something along those lines. The second part of the question what what?
Peter Jacobs – [Reagan Mackenzie]: I’m just curious about the growth that you’ve seen from customers using your services from ordering goods off of the internet and if you could help quantify that a little bit so we get a sense of the growth there and also what kind of percentage of the overall business that comprises now?
Fred Smith: Let me let Mike Glenn comment about the specifics and then I’d like Rob Carter to comment about what’s going on in terms of integrating of information systems in with the e-tailers. There again is a very big macro economic story that’s sort of missed in the quarter to quarter numbers.
Mike Glenn: We won’t have the final numbers until after the holiday season but I think it’s clear to say that we’ve seen an increase in the percentage of packages that originate through the internet. I think that’s also evidenced by what we’ve seen in the month of December as customers, quite frankly, procrastinate more which is a benefit to us, although it does put more pressure on peak week. I’ll let Rob talk about more general issues.
Rob Carter: Peter, we have amazing growth inthe internet channels no question about that but one of the most striking parts of it is the part of the internet that we call the gateway. Those e-tailers that integrate directly with our shipping and rating and tracking services directly into their e-tail sites. We’ve seen phenomenal growth in that segment of internet con activity. The internet is kind of transitioning from dragging everybody to www.FedEx.com to today a more connected world of people that tap into those services from an e-tailing standpoint; utilize our shipping capabilities directly in their systems, their customer and fulfillment systems. Some really fast and exciting growth there but overall those online channels continue to growth far more robustly than the brick and mortar holiday peak experiences growing at a much slower rate than the e-tailing experience this year, even based on very large numbers.
Operator: This concludes the question and answer session today. Mickey Foster I’d like to turn the conference back over to you for additional or closing remarks.
Mickey Foster: Thank you very much for participating on this second quarter conference call. Please feel free to call anyone on the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thank you very much.
Operator: Once again, this concludes today’s conference. We do appreciate your participation, you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-09-20 08:30:00) =====
Mickey Foster - VP of IR   Fred Smith - Chairman, President and CEO  Alan Graf – EVP and CFO  Mike Glenn - EVP, Market Development and Corporate Communications  Christine Richards - EVP, General Counsel, and Secretary  Rob Carter - EVP, FedEx Information Services and CIO  Dave Bronczek - President and CEO of FedEx Express  Dave Rebholz - President and CEO of FedEx Ground  Doug Duncan - President and CEO of FedEx Freight
Analysts

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-06-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-03-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives
